0709.0754	physics.atom-ph	Coherent Control of Trapped Bosons	We investigate the quantum behavior of a mesoscopic two-boson system produced by number-squeezing ultracold gases of alkali metal atoms . The quantum Poincare maps of the wavefunctions are affected by chaos in those regions of the phase space where the classical dynamics produces features that are comparable to hbar . We also investigate the possibility for quantum control in the dynamics of excitations in these systems . Controlled excitations are mediated by pulsed signals that cause Stimulated Raman Adiabatic passage ( STIRAP ) from the ground state to a state of higher energy . The dynamics of this transition is affected by chaos caused by the pulses in certain regions of the phase space . A transition to chaos can thus provide a method of controlling STIRAP .
0709.0782	physics.gen-ph	Cluster-Spin Gaussian Model for Lattice-Ising Models	In this paper we lay special stress on analyzing the topological properties of the lattice systems and try to ovoid the conventional ways to calculate the critical points . Only those clusters with finite sizes can execute the self similar transformations of infinite hierarchies . Each ordered cluster has fractal dimension , their minimum relates to the edge fixed point , which accords with the transformations fixed point relating to a critical point . There are two classes of systems and clusters by their connectivity . Using mathematic mapping method we set up cluster-spin Gaussian model solved accurately . There are single state and -fold coupling state in a reducible cluster , each of which corresponds to a subsystem described by a Gaussian model . By the minimal fractal dimension a final expression of the critical points is obtained . The critical points of three lattice systems are calculated , our method makes the calculations very simplified and highly accurate . A possibility of existence of different clusters at the critical temperature is discussed .
0709.0787	physics.comp-ph cs.CE physics.flu-dyn	Sound Generation by a Turbulent Flow in Musical Instruments - Multiphysics Simulation Approach -	Total computational costs of scientific simulations are analyzed between direct numerical simulations ( DNS ) and multiphysics simulations ( MPS ) for sound generation in musical instruments . In order to produce acoustic sound by a turbulent flow in a simple recorder-like instrument , compressible fluid dynamic calculations with a low Mach number are required around the edges and the resonator of the instrument in DNS , while incompressible fluid dynamic calculations coupled with dynamics of sound propagation based on the Lighthill 's acoustic analogy are used in MPS . These strategies are evaluated not only from the viewpoint of computational performances but also from the theoretical points of view as tools for scientific simulations of complicated systems .
0709.0790	physics.ins-det	MarlinTPC : A Marlin based common TPC software framework for the LC-TPC collaboration	We describe the goals and present functionality of MarlinTPC , a common software framework for the LC-TPC collaboration based on LCIO , Marlin and other ilcsoft tools .
0709.0792	physics.flu-dyn physics.bio-ph	Brownian dynamics of a microswimmer	We report on dynamic properties of a simple model microswimmer composed of three spheres and propelling itself in a viscous fluid by spinning motion of the spheres under zero net torque constraint . At a fixed temperature and increasing the spinning frequency , the swimmer demonstrates a transition from dissipation-dominated to a pumping-dominated motion regime characterized by negative effective friction coefficient . In the limit of high frequencies , the diffusion of the swimmer can be described by a model of an active particle with constant velocity .
0709.0798	physics.optics	Optimizing the electronic control loop of a solid-state ring laser gyroscope	We study in this Letter the dynamical effects of the limited bandwidth of the control electronics in a solid-state ( Nd-YAG ) ring laser gyroscope . We derive a stability condition for the rotation-sensing regime in the case of a first-order control loop , showing that the smallest measurable rotation speed depends directly on the cutoff frequency value . Our experimental measurements are in good agreement with this prediction .
0709.0827	physics.atom-ph	Sympathetic cooling in a mixture of diamagnetic and paramagnetic atoms	We have experimentally realized a hybrid trap for ultracold paramagnetic rubidium and diamagnetic ytterbium atoms by combining a bichromatic optical dipole trap for ytterbium with a Ioffe-Pritchard-type magnetic trap for rubidium . In this hybrid trap , sympathetic cooling of five different ytterbium isotopes through elastic collisions with rubidium was achieved . A strong dependence of the interspecies collisional cross section on the mass of the ytterbium isotope was observed .
0709.0868	physics.soc-ph	A computer simulation of language families	This paper presents Monte Carlo simulations of language populations and the development of language families , showing how a simple model can lead to distributions similar to the ones observed empirically . The model used combines features of two models used in earlier work by phycisists for the simulation of competition among languages : the `` Viviane '' model for the migration of people and propagation of languages and the `` Schulze '' model , which uses bitstrings as a way of characterising structural features of languages .
0709.0923	physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Communities in networks - a continuous approach	A system of differential equations is proposed designed as to identify communities in weighted networks . The input is a symmetric connectivity matrix $ A_ { ij } $ . A priori information on the number of communities is not needed . To verify the dynamics , we prepared sets of separate , fully connected clusters . In this case , the matrix $ A $ has a block structure of zeros and units . A noise is introduced as positive random numbers added to zeros and subtracted from units . The task of the dynamics is to reproduce the initial block structure . In this test , the system outperforms the modularity algorithm , if the number of clusters is larger than four .
0709.0927	physics.ins-det	An experimental program for demonstrating precision jet energy measurement at the ILC	We outline a physics program at Fermilab that would significantly improve our ability to understand the behavior of hadronic showers in calorimeters . This would involve a two-pronged approach designed to measure particle production cross sections of hadronic beams on several nuclei to improve shower simulation programs and the validation of the improved shower simulation predictions using test beams ( including tagged neutral beams ) in which calorimeter modules built using various technologies are deployed in the test beam . Such a program would be of immediate benefit to the efforts to design and build optimal calorimeters for the International Linear Collider .
0709.0936	physics.gen-ph	New Curved Spacetime Dirac Equations - On the Anomalous Gyromagnetic Ratio	I propose three new curved spacetime versions of the Dirac Equation . These equations have been developed mainly to try and account in a natural way for the observed anomalous gyromagnetic ratio of Fermions . The derived equations suggest that particles including the Electron which is thought to be a point particle do have a finite spatial size which is the reason for the observed anomalous gyromagnetic ratio . A serendipitous result of the theory , is that , two of the equation exhibits an asymmetry in their positive and negative energy solutions the first suggestion of which is clear that a solution to the problem as to why the Electron and Muon - despite their acute similarities - exhibit an asymmetry in their mass is possible . The Mourn is often thought as an Electron in a higher energy state . Another of the consequences of three equations emanating from the asymmetric serendipity of the energy solutions of two of these equations , is that , an explanation as to why Leptons exhibit a three stage mass hierarchy is possible .
0709.0941	physics.hist-ph physics.ed-ph	Ettore Majorana 's Inaugural Lecture on Theoretical Physics ( Naples , Italy ; Jan.13 , 1938 )	Ettore Majorana was a member of Enrico Fermi 's research group in Rome , Italy . Fermi did regard Majorana as much brihter than himself as far as theoretical physics was concerned ( more information can be found particularly in the arXives ' e-print physics/9810023 , in Italian , and refs therein , and also in the recent multilanguage arXiv:0708.2855v1 [ physics.hist-ph ] ) . In 1937 Majorana partecipated in the national Italian competition , for a chair in theoretical phyics , requested by Emilio Segre ' at that time at Palermo University : Other competitors being GC.Wick , G.Racah , and G.Gentile jr. After a proposal of the judging Commette , chaired by E.Fermi , Majorana got a full-professorship at Naples University , for exceptional scientific merits , outside the competition normal procedures . In this e-print we make known the notes prepared by Majorana for his Inaugural Lecture ( and discovered long ago , in 1973 , by one of the present editors ( ER ) ) , together with some comments of ours : everything being both in English ( first article ) and in Italian ( second article , with a short Bibliography at its end ) . The present articles have been prepared on the occasion of the Centenary ( 2006 ) of Majorana 's birth . The preliminary notes for his Inaugural Lecture reveal Majorana 's interest not only for scientific research , but also for the best didactical methods to be followed in order to teach classical and quantum physics in the most effective way ( while his approach to Special Relativity is known to us from his lecture notes , published elesewhere ) . P.S . : Il Riassunto in Italiano appare all'inizio della versione italiana .
0709.0963	physics.atom-ph	Enhanced sensitivity to variation of $ m_ { e } /m_ { p } $ in molecular spectra	We propose new experiments with high sensitivity to a possible spatial or temporal variation of the electron-to-proton mass ratio $ \mu \equiv m_e/m_p $ . We consider a nearly-degenerate pair of molecular vibrational levels , where each state is associated with a different electronic potential . The change in the splitting between such levels , with respect to a change in $ \mu $ , can be large both on an absolute scale and relative to the splitting . We demonstrate the existence of such pairs of levels in Cs $ _2 $ . The narrow spectral lines achievable with ultracold Cs $ _2 $ in these long-lived levels make this system promising for future searches for small variations in $ \mu $ .
