0705.4504	physics.acc-ph physics.atom-ph physics.class-ph	The Volume Capture in Structures with Variable Curvature	The volume capture in classical relativistic mechanics is considered as a scattering process for the high energy charged particles in a field with no central or mirror symmetry . The parameters of volume capture for potentials with smooth variable curvature are received and analyzed .
0705.4519	physics.gen-ph	The Orthopositronium Problem and e-\mu-\tau-Universality	The quantitative description of the orthopositronium anomalies ( `` isotope anomaly '' in a gaseous neon for the `` resonance conditions '' and '' lambda { T } -anomaly '' in non-resonance conditions ) is possible on the basis of a hypothesis about restoration of spontaneously broken complete relativity ( A.F.Andreev , 1982 ) of the limited space-time `` volume '' ( `` defect '' of the space-time ) in a final state of the beta { + } -decay of nucleus such as Na-22 , Ga-68 , etc . This addition of the Standard Model in a final state of the topological quantum transition ( non-steady-state , a generalized displacement current ) supposes the description on the common basis timelike fundamental particles ( locality ) and spacelike fundamental structure ( non-locality without causal paradoxes ) . One of achievements of expansion of Standard Model can be a substantiation of topological connection e-mu-tau-Universality with discrete structure ( quantization ) `` defect '' of the space-time .
0705.4521	physics.acc-ph physics.plasm-ph	Radiative Losses in Plasma Accelerators	We investigate the dynamics of a relativistic electron in a strongly nonlinear plasma wave in terms of classical mechanics by taking into account the action of the radiative reaction force . The two limiting cases are considered . In the first case where the energy of the accelerated electrons is low , the electron makes many betatron oscillations during the acceleration . In the second case where the energy of the accelerated electrons is high , the betatron oscillation period is longer than the electron residence time in the accelerating phase . We show that the force of radiative friction can severely limit the rate of electron acceleration in a plasma accelerator .
0705.4544	physics.atom-ph	Versatile compact atomic source for high resolution dual atom interferometry	We present a compact $ ^ { 87 } $ Rb atomic source for high precision dual atom interferometers . The source is based on a double-stage magneto-optical trap ( MOT ) design , consisting of a 2-dimensional ( 2D ) -MOT for efficient loading of a 3D-MOT . The accumulated atoms are precisely launched in a horizontal moving molasses . Our setup generates a high atomic flux ( $ > 10^ { 10 } $ atoms/s ) with precise and flexibly tunable atomic trajectories as required for high resolution Sagnac atom interferometry . We characterize the performance of the source with respect to the relevant parameters of the launched atoms , i.e . temperature , absolute velocity and pointing , by utilizing time-of-flight techniques and velocity selective Raman transitions .
0705.4562	physics.gen-ph	The Last Scientific Revolution	Critically growing problems of fundamental science organisation and content are analysed with examples from physics and emerging interdisciplinary fields . Their origin is specified and new science structure ( organisation and content ) is proposed as a unified solution .
0705.4563	physics.ao-ph physics.data-an	Kalman Filtering in the Presence of State Space Equality Constraints	We discuss two separate techniques for Kalman Filtering in the presence of state space equality constraints . We then prove that despite the lack of similarity in their formulations , under certain conditions , the two methods result in mathematically equivalent constrained estimate structures . We conclude that the potential benefits of using equality constraints in Kalman Filtering often outweigh the computational costs , and as such , equality constraints , when present , should be enforced by way of one of these two methods .
0705.4582	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	Light propagation through a coiled optical fiber and Pancharatnam phase	The nature of changes in the interference pattern caused by the presence of polarization-changing elements in one or both beams of an interferometer , in particular those caused by an effective optical activity due to passage of a polarized beam through a coiled optical fiber are clarified . It is pointed out that for an incident state that is not circularly polarized so that the two interfering beams go to different polarization states , there is an observable nonzero Pancharatnam phase shift between them which depends on the incident polarization state and on the solid angle subtended by the track of the $ \vec { k } $ -vector at the centre of the sphere of k-vectors . The behaviour of this phase shift is singular when the two interfering states are nearly orthogonal . It is shown that for zero path difference between the two beams , the amplitude of intensity modulation as a function of optical activity is independent of the incident polarization state .
0705.4596	physics.flu-dyn	Shear banding phenomena in a Laponite suspension	Shear localization in an aqueous clay suspension of Laponite is investigated through dynamic light scattering , which provides access both to the dynamics of the system ( homodyne mode ) and to the local velocity profile ( heterodyne mode ) . When the shear bands form , a relaxation of the dynamics typical of a gel phase is observed in the unsheared band soon after flow stop , suggesting that an arrested dynamics is present during the shear localization regime . Periodic oscillations of the flow behavior , typical of a stick-slip phenomenon , are also observed when shear localization occurs . Both results are discussed in the light of various theoretical models for soft glassy materials .
0705.4646	physics.bio-ph physics.gen-ph	Self-propelled particles with fluctuating speed and direction of motion	We study general aspects of active motion with fluctuations in the speed and the direction of motion in two dimensions . We consider the case in which fluctuations in the speed are not correlated to fluctuations in the direction of motion , and assume that both processes can be described by independent characteristic time-scales . We show the occurrence of a complex transient that can exhibit a series of alternating regimes of motion , for two different angular dynamics which correspond to persistent and directed random walks . We also show additive corrections to the diffusion coefficient . The characteristic time-scales are also exposed in the velocity autocorrelation , which is a sum of exponential forms .
0705.4678	physics.gen-ph	On Biology as an Emergent Science	Biology is considered here as an `` emergent science '' in the sense of Anderson and of Laughlin and Pines . It is demonstrated that a straightforward mathematical definition of `` biological system '' is useful in showing how biology differs in structure from the lower levels in Anderson 's `` More is Different '' hierarchy . Using cells in a chemostat as a paradigmatic exemplar of a biological system , it is found that a coherent collection of metabolic pathways through a single cell in the chemostat also satisfies the proposed definition of a biological system . This provides a theoretical and mathematical underpinning for Young 's fundamental model of biological organization and integration . Evidence for the therapeutic efficacy of Young 's method of analysis is provided by preliminary results of clinical trials of a specific application of Young 's model to the treatment of cancer cachexia .
0706.0008	physics.hist-ph physics.soc-ph	Boltzmann and the art of flying	One of the less known facets of Ludwig Boltzmann was that of an advocate of Aviation , one of the most challenging technological problems of his times . Boltzmann followed closely the studies of pioneers like Otto Lilienthal in Berlin , and during a lecture on a prestigious conference he vehemently defended further investments in the area . In this article I discuss his involvement with Aviation , his role in its development and his correspondence with two flight pioneers , Otto Lilienthal e Wilhelm Kress .
0706.0011	physics.gen-ph	Time delayed processes in physics , biophysics and archaeology	The motion of particles , where the particles : electrons , ions in microtubules or migrated peoples can be described as the superposition of diffusion and ordered waves . In this paper it is shown that the master equation for transport processes can be formulated as the time delayed hyperbolic partial equation . The equation describes the processes with memory . For characteristic times shorter than the relaxation time the master equation is the generalized Klein - Gordon equation . Key words : hyperbolic transport , microtubules , heat waves , Neolithic migration
0706.0015	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech	Large-scale structure of time evolving citation networks	In this paper we examine a number of methods for probing and understanding the large-scale structure of networks that evolve over time . We focus in particular on citation networks , networks of references between documents such as papers , patents , or court cases . We describe three different methods of analysis , one based on an expectation-maximization algorithm , one based on modularity optimization , and one based on eigenvector centrality . Using the network of citations between opinions of the United States Supreme Court as an example , we demonstrate how each of these methods can reveal significant structural divisions in the network , and how , ultimately , the combination of all three can help us develop a coherent overall picture of the network's shape .
0706.0030	physics.flu-dyn	Similarity between the primary and secondary air-assisted liquid jet breakup mechanism	we report an ultrafast synchrotron x-ray phase contrast imaging study of the primary breakup mechanism of a coaxial air-assisted water jet . We demonstrate that there exist great similarities in the phenomenology of primary breakup with that of the secondary breakup . Especially , a membrane-mediated breakup mechanism dominates the breakup process for a wide range of air speeds . This finding reveals the intrinsic connections of these two breakup regimes and has deep implications on the unified theoretical approach in treating the breakup mechanism of high speed liquid jet .
0706.0059	physics.gen-ph	High-Tc superconductivity originated from strong spin-charge correlation : indication from linear temperature dependence of resistivity	Both the highest- and the linear temperature dependence of the resistivity in wide temperature range appear at the optimally doped regions of Cu-based superconductors1,2,3,4,5 , and the highest- of Fe-based superconductors6,7 are also associated with the linear temperature dependence of the resistivity in normal states near superconducting states . This means that the high temperature superconductivity and the linear temperature dependence of the resistivity should be dominated by the same mechanism . This letter on theoretic calculation clearly shows that strong spin-charge correlation dominated resistivity behaves the linear temperature dependence , thus high-temperature superconductivity should be induced by strong spin-charge correlation .
0706.0156	physics.gen-ph physics.bio-ph physics.pop-ph	A Cross-disciplinary Framework for the Description of Contextually Mediated Change	We present a mathematical framework ( referred to as Context-driven Actualization of Potential , or CAP ) for describing how entities change over time under the influence of a context . The approach facilitates comparison of change of state of entities studied in different disciplines . Processes are seen to differ according to the degree of nondeterminism , and the degree to which they are sensitive to , internalize , and depend upon a particular context . Our analysis suggests that the dynamical evolution of a quantum entity described by the Schrodinger equation is not fundamentally different from change provoked by a measurement often referred to as collapse , but a limiting case , with only one way to collapse . The biological transition to coded replication is seen as a means of preserving structure in the fact of context-driven change , and sextual replication as a means of increasing potentiality thus enhancing diversity through interaction with context . The framework sheds light on concepts like selection and fitness , reveals how exceptional Darwinian evolution is as a means of 'change of state ' , and clarifies in what sense culture , and the creative process underlying it , are Darwinian .
