0712.3609	physics.gen-ph quant-ph	Postcorrection and mathematical model of life in Extended Everett's Concept	Extended Everett 's Concept ( EEC ) recently developed by the author to explain the phenomenon of consciousness is considered . A mathematical model is proposed for the principal feature of consciousness assumed in EEC , namely its ability ( in the state of sleep , trance or meditation , when the explicit consciousness is disabled ) to obtain information from all alternative classical realities ( Everett 's worlds ) and select the favorable realities . To represent this ability , a mathematical operation called postcorrection is introduced , which corrects the present state to guarantee certain characteristics of the future state . Evolution of living matter is thus determined by goals ( first of all by the goal of survival ) as well as by causes . The resulting theory , in a way symmetrical in time direction , follows from a sort of antropic principle . Possible criteria for postcorrection and corresponding phenomena in the sphere of life are classified . Both individual and collective criteria of survival are considered as well as the criteria providing certain quality of life and those which are irrelevant to the life quality . The phenomena of free will and direct sighting of truth ( e.g . scientific insight ) are explained in these terms . The problem of artificial intellect and the role of brain look differently in the framework of this theory . Automats may perform intellectual operations , but not postcorrection , therefore artificial intellect but not an artificial life can be created . The brain serves as an interface between the body and consciousness , but the most profound level of consciousness is not a function of brain .
0712.3636	physics.class-ph	On the measurement by EDX of diffusion profiles of Ni/Cu assemblies	To characterise ( inter ) diffusion in materials , concentration profiles can be measured by EDX . It allows one to determine the chemical composition with a very good accuracy if measurement artefacts are accounted for . Standard phenomena ( such as X-ray fluorescence ) are usually corrected by commercial software . However , the effect of the pear-shaped volume of X-ray emission on the concentration profiles has to be considered . The paper describes the origin of this artefact , its consequences on measurements and will provide a practical solution ( based on signal processing methods ) to deconvolute the actual concentration profiles ( or the diffusion coefficient ) from the raw measurements .
0712.3639	physics.optics	Excitation transfer and luminescence in porphyrin-carbon nanotube complexes	Functionalization of carbon nanotubes with hydrosoluble porphyrins ( TPPS ) is achieved by `` $ \pi $ -stacking '' . The porphyrin/nanotube interaction is studied by means of optical absorption , photoluminescence and photoluminescence excitation spectroscopies . The main absorption line of the porphyrins adsorbed on nanotubes exhibits a 120 meV red shift , which we ascribe to a flattening of the molecule in order to optimize $ \pi-\pi $ interactions . The porphyrin-nanotube complex shows a strong quenching of the TPPS emission while the photoluminescence intensity of the nanotubes is enhanced when the excitation laser is in resonance with the porphyrin absorption band . This reveals an efficient excitation transfer from the TPPS to the carbon nanotube .
0712.3640	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Zeeman effect of the hyperfine structure levels in lithiumlike ions	The fully relativistic theory of the Zeeman splitting of the $ ( 1s ) ^2 2s $ hyperfine-structure levels in lithiumlike ions with $ Z=6 - 32 $ is considered for the magnetic field magnitude in the range from 1 to 10 T. The second-order corrections to the Breit -- Rabi formula are calculated and discussed including the one-electron contributions as well as the interelectronic-interaction effects of order 1/Z . The 1/Z corrections are evaluated within a rigorous QED approach . These corrections are combined with other interelectronic-interaction , QED , nuclear recoil , and nuclear size corrections to obtain high-precision theoretical values for the Zeeman splitting in Li-like ions with nonzero nuclear spin . The results can be used for a precise determination of nuclear magnetic moments from $ g $ -factor experiments .
0712.3659	physics.atom-ph	Quantum model for double ionization of atoms in strong laser fields	We discuss double ionization of atoms in strong laser pulses using a reduced dimensionality model . Following the insights obtained from an analysis of the classical mechanics of the process , we confine each electron to move along the lines that point towards the two-particle Stark saddle in the presence of a field . The resulting effective two dimensional model is similar to the aligned electron model , but it enables correlated escape of electrons with equal momenta , as observed experimentally . The time-dependent solution of the Schr\ '' odinger equation allows us to discuss in detail the time dynamics of the ionization process , the formation of electronic wave packets and the development of the momentum distribution of the outgoing electrons . In particular , we are able to identify the rescattering process , simultaneous direct double ionization during the same field cycle , as well as other double ionization processes . We also use the model to study the phase dependence of the ionization process .
0712.3679	physics.optics	Negative refraction in ( bi ) -isotropic periodic arrangements of chiral SRRs	Bi-isotropic and isotropic negative refractive index ( NRI ) 3D metamaterials made from periodic arrangements of chiral split ring resonators ( SRRs ) are proposed and demonstrated . An analytical theory for the characterization and design of these metamaterials is provided and validated by careful full-wave electromagnetic simulations . The reported results are expected to pave the way to the design of practical 3D bi-isotropic and isotropic NRI metamaterials made from a single kind of inclusions .
0712.3710	physics.atom-ph	Molecular Orbital Tomography using Short Laser Pulses	Recently , a method to image molecular electronic wave functions using high harmonic generation ( HHG ) was introduced by Itatani \textit { et al.\ } [ Nature { \textbf { 432 } } , 876 ( 2004 ) ] . We show that , while the tomographic reconstruction of general orbitals with arbitrary symmetry can not be performed with long laser pulses , this becomes possible when extremely short pulses are used . An alternative reconstruction equation based on momentum matrix elements , rather than on dipole matrix elements , is proposed . We present simulations of the procedure for 2D model systems based on numerical solutions of the time-dependent Schr\ '' { o } dinger equation , and present results from further post-processing of the reconstructed orbitals .
0712.3712	physics.atom-ph	Motion of Rydberg atoms induced by resonant dipole-dipole interactions	We show that nuclear motion of Rydberg atoms can be induced by resonant dipole-dipole interactions that trigger the energy transfer between two energetically close Rydberg states . How and if the atoms move depends on their initial arrangement as well as on the initial electronic excitation . Using a mixed quantum/classical propagation scheme we obtain the trajectories and kinetic energies of atoms , initially arranged in a regular chain and prepared in excitonic eigenstates . The influence of off-diagonal disorder on the motion of the atoms is examined and it is shown that irregularity in the arrangement of the atoms can lead to an acceleration of the nuclear dynamics .
0712.3768	physics.gen-ph physics.bio-ph	Emergence of Thermodynamics from Darwinian Dynamics	Darwinian dynamics is manifestly stochastic and nonconservative , but has a profound connection to conservative dynamics in physics . In the present paper the main ideas and logical steps leading to thermodynamics from Darwinian dynamics are discussed in a quantitative manner . A synthesis between nonequilibrum dynamics and conservative dynamics is outlined .
0712.3776	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	Controlling the Emission of Electromagnetic Sources by Coordinate transformation	The coordinate transformation on the space that contains electromagnetic sources is studied . We find that , not only the permittivity and permeability tensors of the media , but also the sources inside the media will take another form in order to behave equivalently as the original case . It is demonstrated that , a source of arbitrary shape and position in the free space can be replaced by an appropriately designed metamaterial coating with current distributed on the inner surface and would not be detected by outer observers , because the emission of the source can be controlled at will in this way . As examples , we show how to design conformal antennas by covering the sources with transformation media . The method proposed in this letter provides a completely new approach to develop novel active EM devices .
0712.3793	physics.class-ph	On the Relationship between Thermodynamics and Special Relativity	Starting from a formulation for the $ dS $ element that includes movement , and considering the variation of the entropy Lorentz invariant , we found the relativistic transformations for thermodynamic systems that satisfy the three laws of thermodynamics . Particularly , we found the temperature and pressure transformations , given by $ T'=\gamma T $ and $ p'=\gamma^2p $ respectively . Furthermore , we show that this transformations keeps the form of the state equation for an ideal gas in agreement with the relativity principle .
0712.3813	physics.optics	Molding the flow of light at deep sub-wavelength scale	The diffractive nature of light has limited optics and photonics to operate at scales much larger than the wavelength of light . The major challenge in scaling-down integrated photonics is how to mold the light flow below diffraction-limit in all three dimensions . A high index solid immersion lens can improve the spatial resolution by increasing the medium refractive index , but only to few times higher than in air . Photonic crystals can guide light in three dimensions , however , the guided beam width is around a wavelength . Surface plasmons has a potential to reach the sub-wavelength scales ; nevertheless , it is confined in the two-dimensional interface between metals and dielectrics . Here , we present a new approach for molding the light flow at the deep sub-wavelength scale , using metamaterials with uniquely designed dispersion . We develop a design methodology for realizing sub-wavelength ray optics , and demonstrate lambda/10 width light beams flow through three-dimensional space .
