0710.5541	physics.optics	Short and Long Range Screening of Optical Singularities	Screening of topological charges ( singularities ) is discussed for paraxial optical fields with short and with long range correlations . For short range screening the charge variance in a circular region with radius $ R $ grows linearly with $ R $ , instead of with $ R^ { 2 } $ as expected in the absence of screening ; for long range screening it grows faster than $ R $ : for a field whose autocorrelation function is the zero order Bessel function J_ { 0 } , the charge variance grows as R ln R $ . A J_ { 0 } correlation function is not attainable in practice , but we show how to generate an optical field whose correlation function closely approximates this form . The charge variance can be measured by counting positive and negative singularities inside the region A , or more easily by counting signed zero crossings on the perimeter of A . \For the first method the charge variance is calculated by integration over the charge correlation function C ( r ) , for the second by integration over the zero crossing correlation function Gamma ( r ) . Using the explicit forms of C ( r ) and of Gamma ( r ) we show that both methods of calculation yield the same result . We show that for short range screening the zero crossings can be counted along a straight line whose length equals P , but that for long range screening this simplification no longer holds . We also show that for realizable optical fields , for sufficiently small R , the charge variance goes as R^2 , whereas for sufficiently large R , it grows as R. These universal laws are applicable to both short and pseudo-long range correlation functions .
0710.5569	physics.gen-ph	The Quantum-Classical and Mind-Brain Linkages : The Quantum Zeno Effect in Binocular Rivalry	A quantum mechanical theory of the relationship between perceptions and brain dynamics based on von Neumann 's theory of measurments is applied to a recent quantum theoretical treatment of binocular rivaly that makes essential use of the quantum Zeno effect to give good fits to the complex available empirical data . The often-made claim that decoherence effects in the warm , wet , noisy brain must eliminate quantum effects at the macroscopic scale pertaining to perceptions is examined , and it is argued , on the basis of fundamental principles . that the usual decoherence effects will not upset the quantum Zeno effect that is being exploited in the cited work .
0710.5595	physics.atom-ph physics.gen-ph	HITRAP : A facility at GSI for highly charged ions	An overview and status report of the new trapping facility for highly charged ions at the Gesellschaft fuer Schwerionenforschung is presented . The construction of this facility started in 2005 and is expected to be completed in 2008 . Once operational , highly charged ions will be loaded from the experimental storage ring ESR into the HITRAP facility , where they are decelerated and cooled . The kinetic energy of the initially fast ions is reduced by more than fourteen orders of magnitude and their thermal energy is cooled to cryogenic temperatures . The cold ions are then delivered to a broad range of atomic physics experiments .
0710.5612	physics.plasm-ph	Dynamics of a 1-D model for the emergence of the plasma edge shear flow layer with momentum conserving Reynolds stress	A one-dimensional version of the second-order transition model based on the sheared flow amplification by Reynolds stress and turbulence supression by shearing is presented . The model discussed in this paper includes a form of the Reynolds stress which explicitly conserves momentum . A linear stability analysis of the critical point is performed . Then , it is shown that the dynamics of weakly unstable states is determined by a reduced equation for the shear flow . In the case in which the flow damping term is diffusive , the stationary solutions are those of the real Ginzburg-Landau equation .
0710.5626	physics.plasm-ph math.DS nlin.CD	Control of test particle transport in a turbulent electrostatic model of the Scrape Off Layer	The $ { \bm E } \times { \bm B } $ drift motion of charged test particle dynamics in the Scrape Off Layer ( SOL ) is analyzed to investigate a transport control strategy based on Hamiltonian dynamics . We model SOL turbulence using a 2D non-linear fluid code based on interchange instability which was found to exhibit intermittent dynamics of the particle flux . The effect of a small and appropriate modification of the turbulent electric potential is studied with respect to the chaotic diffusion of test particle dynamics . Over a significant range in the magnitude of the turbulent electrostatic field , a three-fold reduction of the test particle diffusion coefficient is achieved .
0710.5630	physics.atom-ph	g factor of Li-like ions with nonzero nuclear spin	The fully relativistic theory of the g factor of Li-like ions with nonzero nuclear spin is considered for the ( 1s ) ^2 2s state . The magnetic-dipole hyperfine-interaction correction to the atomic g factor is calculated including the one-electron contributions as well as the interelectronic-interaction effects of order 1/Z . This correction is combined with the interelectronic-interaction , QED , nuclear recoil , and nuclear size corrections to obtain high-precision theoretical values for the g factor of Li-like ions with nonzero nuclear spin . The results can be used for a precise determination of nuclear magnetic moments from g factor experiments .
0710.5657	physics.gen-ph	Thermodynamics and Relativity : A Revised Interpretation of the Concepts of Reversibility and Irreversibility	It is generally admitted in thermodynamics that , for a given change in volume , the work done by a system is greater in conditions of reversibility than in conditions of irreversibility . If the basic conventions of physics are strictly respected , it seems that this proposition needs to be reversed . Beyond this formal aspect , the discussion consolidates the idea that thermodynamics and relativity are closely connected .
0710.5672	physics.chem-ph	Molecular ions in ultracold atomic gases : computed electronic interactions for \MgHion with Rb	The electronic structures of the manifold of potential energy surfaces generated in the lower energy range by the interaction of the MgH $ ^+ $ ( X $ ^1\Sigma^+ $ ) cationic molecule with Rb ( $ ^2 $ S ) , neutral atom are obtained over a broad range of Jacobi coordinates from strongly correlated \emph { ab initio } calculations which use a Multireference ( MR ) wavefunction within a Complete Active Space ( CAS ) approach . The relative features of the lowest five surfaces are analyzed in terms of possible collisional outcomes when employed to model the ultracold dynamics of ionic molecular partners .
0710.5703	physics.soc-ph	The Sznajd dynamics on a directed clustered network	The Sznajd model is investigated in the directed Erdos -- Renyi network with the clusterization coefficient enhanced to 0.3 by the method of Holme and Kim ( Phys . Rev . E65 ( 2002 ) 026107 ) . Within additional triangles , all six links are present . In this network , some nodes preserve the minority opinion . The time tau of getting equilibrium is found to follow the log-normal distribution and it increases linearly with the system size . Its dependence on the initial opinion distribution is different from the analytical results for fully connected networks .
0710.5754	physics.chem-ph	Fine structures in the optical absorption spectra of photochemical silver in silver halides ? A call for further research	A survey is presented of the work done so far to check earlier claims that a fine structure may be observed to occur under certain circumstances in the impurity spectral range of the optical absorption spectra of silver halides following photostimulation in the intrinsic range . This structure , associated with the photochemical formation of silver specks , has been questioned over the years . We now weigh carefully the experimental evidence on the silver halides against a background of similar data on the alkali halides , where competing processes run slower . We come to the conclusion that present day advances in experimental techniques may be quite adequate for providing a solid experimental basis to solve the problem unambiguously .
0710.5777	physics.optics physics.class-ph	On metallic gratings coated conformally with isotropic negative-phase-velocity materials	Application of the differential method ( also called the C method ) to plane-wave diffraction by a perfectly conducting , sinusoidally corrugated metallic grating coated with a linear , homogeneous , isotropic , lossless dielectric-magnetic material shows that coating materials with negative index of refraction may deliver enhanced maximum nonspecular reflection efficiencies in comparison to coating materials with positive index of refraction .
0710.5792	physics.gen-ph	A Canonical Form of the Metric in General Relativity	If there is a null gradient field in a 1+3 dimensional Lorentzian manifold , we can establish a kind of light-cone coordinate system for the manifold from the null gradient field . In such coordinate system , the metric takes a wonderful canonical form , which is much helpful for resolving the Einstein's field equation . In this paper , we show how to construct the new coordinate system , and then explain their geometrical and physical meanings via examples . In the light-cone coordinate system , the complicated Einstein 's field equation could be greatly simplified . This coordinate system might be also helpful to understand the propagation of the gravitational wave .
