0710.2980	physics.optics	A generalization of Snoek 's law to ferromagnetic films and composites	The present paper establishes characteristics of the relative magnetic permeability spectrum $ \mu $ ( f ) of magnetic materials at microwave frequencies . The integral of the imaginary part of $ \mu $ ( f ) multiplied with the frequency f gives remarkable properties . A generalisation of Snoek 's law consists in this quantity being bounded by the square of the saturation magnetization multiplied with a constant . While previous results have been obtained in the case of non-conductive materials , this work is a generalization to ferromagnetic materials and ferromagnetic-based composites with significant skin effect . The influence of truncating the summation to finite upper frequencies is investigated , and estimates associated to the finite summation are provided . It is established that , in practice , the integral does not depend on the damping model under consideration . Numerical experiments are performed in the exactly solvable case of ferromagnetic thin films with uniform magnetization , and these numerical experiments are found to confirm our theoretical results . Microwave permeability measurements on soft amorphous films are reported . The relation between the integral and the saturation magnetization is verified experimentally , and some practical applications of the theoretical results are introduced . The integral can be used to determine the average magnetization orientation in materials with complex configurations of the magnetization , and furthermore to demonstrate the accuracy of microwave measurement systems . For certain applications , such as electromagnetic compatibility or radar absorbing materials , the relations established herein provide useful indications for the design of efficient materials , and simple figures of merit to compare the properties measured on various materials .
0710.2981	physics.gen-ph	Relativistic electrodynamics as an extrapolation of relativistic kinematics	After having identified all the possible relationships between the electric field and the magnetic field in a given inertial reference frame we derive the transformation equations for the components of these fields . Special relativity is involved via the addition law of parallel speeds or via the Lorentz transformations for the space-time coordinates of the same event . Electricity and magnetism are involved via Gauss 's and Ampere 's laws . In this way we avoid the transformation equations for the Lorenz force components which are used in most derivations of the transformation equations for E and B fields .
0710.2992	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Urban traffic from the perspective of dual graph	In this paper , urban traffic is modeled using dual graph representation of urban transportation network where roads are mapped to nodes and intersections are mapped to links . The proposed model considers both the navigation of vehicles on the network and the motion of vehicles along roads . The road's capacity and the vehicle-turning ability at intersections are naturally incorporated in the model . The overall capacity of the system can be quantified by a phase transition from free flow to congestion . Simulation results show that the system 's capacity depends greatly on the topology of transportation networks . In general , a well-planned grid can hold more vehicles and its overall capacity is much larger than that of a growing scale-free network .
0710.2996	physics.plasm-ph	Collective and static properties of model two-component plasmas	Classical MD data on the charge-charge dynamic structure factor of two-component plasmas ( TCP ) modeled in Phys . Rev . A 23 , 2041 ( 1981 ) are analyzed using the sum rules and other exact relations . The convergent power moments of the imaginary part of the model system dielectric function are expressed in terms of its partial static structure factors , which are computed by the method of hypernetted chains using the Deutsch effective potential . High-frequency asymptotic behavior of the dielectric function is specified to include the effects of inverse bremsstrahlung . The agreement with the MD data is improved , and important statistical characteristics of the model TCP , such as the probability to find both electron and ion at one point , are determined .
0710.2999	physics.chem-ph physics.gen-ph	Nonadiabatic corrections to the wave function and energy	Nonadiabatic corrections in molecules composed of a few atoms are considered . It is demonstrated that a systematic perturbative expansion around the adiabatic solution is possible , with the expansion parameter being the electron-nucleus mass ratio to the power 3/4 . Closed form formulae for the leading corrections to the wave function and to the energy are derived . Their applicability is demonstrated by a comparison of numerical results for the hydrogen molecule with the former nonadiabatic calculations and the experimental values . Good agreement with the recent experiment is achieved for the ground state dissociation energy of both H $ _2 $ and D $ _2 $ .
0710.3007	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	Three-dimensional transformation for point rotation coordinate frames	We consider the transformation for the point rotation frames with the angle , spatial coordinate along the axis of rotation and time as variables . The problem arises when light , propagating through 3-fold electrooptical crystal , is modulated by the circularly polarized electromagnetic wave traveling along the optical axis of the crystal . With help of the transformation we show that such a wave can not produce an extra optical frequency shift discussed earlier . In contrast to that the modulation by the rotating spatially invariable electric field produces the shift . The formal change to this case may be carried out by reducing the velocity of the traveling wave to zero . Some properties of the three-dimensional transformation are discussed .
0710.3018	physics.gen-ph	On the Nature of Dark Matter and Dark Energy	It is shown that some problems connected with dark matter and dark energy can be solved in the framework of the byuon theory
0710.3019	physics.plasm-ph physics.acc-ph	New class of self-similar solutions for vacuum plasma expansion admitting mono-energetic ion spectra	We report a new class of self-similar solutions for plasma expanding into vacuum that allows for quasi-monoenergetic ion spectra . A simple analytical model takes into account externally controlled time-dependent temperature of the hot electrons . When the laser temporal profile is tailored properly , the quasi-neutral self-similar expansion of the plasma results in ion concentration in the phase-space at a particular velocity thus producing a quasi-monoenergetic spectrum . We prove this analytical prediction using a 1D partice-in-cell ( PIC ) simulation where the time-dependent plasma temperature is controlled by two laser pulses shot at a foil at a suitable time delay .
0710.3021	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Ghetto of Venice : Access to the Target Node and the Random Target Access Time	Random walks defined on undirected graphs assign the absolute scores to all nodes based on the quality of path they provide for random walkers . In city space syntax , the notion of segregation acquires a statistical interpretation with respect to random walks . We analyze the spatial network of Venetian canals and detect its most segregated part which can be identified with canals adjacent to the Ghetto of Venice .
0710.3024	physics.class-ph	Apparition de structures tourbillonnaires de type G\ '' ortler dans une cavit\'e parall\'el\'epip\'edique ouverte de forme variable	The interaction between a laminar boundary layer and an open cavity is investigated experimentally for Reynolds numbers between 860 and 32300 . Flow visualizations are carried out for different observation directions in order to understand the spatial development of dynamical structures . The study is conducted by changing the cavity length and height and the external flow velocity , and therefore the flow patterns inside the cavity . The issue is to emphasize the three-dimensional development of the flow . In particular , we show that the cavity dynamical structures are not due to secondary shear layer instabilities . G\ '' ortler-type vortices are developing inside the cavity for some parameters and their properties are discussed . The existence diagram of these instabilities is also provided .
0710.3039	physics.gen-ph	The Speed of Light and the Hubble Parameter : The Mass-Boom Effect	We prove here that Newtons universal gravitation and momentum conservation laws together reproduce Weinbergs relation . It is shown that the Hubble parameter H must be built in this relation , or equivalently the age of the Universe t. Using a wave-to-particle interaction technique we then prove that the speed of light c decreases with cosmological time , and that c is proportional to the Hubble parameter H. We see the expansion of the Universe as a local effect due to the LAB value of the speed of light co taken as constant . We present a generalized red shift law and find a predicted acceleration for photons that agrees well with the result from Pioneer 10/11 anomalous acceleration . We finally present a cosmological model coherent with the above results that we call the Mass-Boom . It has a linear increase of mass m with time as a result of the speed of light c linear decrease with time , and the conservation of momentum mc . We obtain the baryonic mass parameter equal to the curvature parameter , omega m = omega k , so that the model is of the type of the Einstein static , closed , finite , spherical , unlimited , with zero cosmological constant . This model is the cosmological view as seen by photons , neutrinos , tachyons etc . in contrast with the local view , the LAB reference . Neither dark matter nor dark energy is required by this model . With an initial constant speed of light during a short time we get inflation ( an exponential expansion ) . This converts , during the inflation time , the Plancks fluctuation length of 10-33 cm to the present size of the Universe ( about 1028 cm , constant from then on ) . Thereafter the Mass-Boom takes care to bring the initial values of the Universe ( about 1015 gr ) to the value at the present time of about 1055 gr .
0710.3058	physics.soc-ph	Taxonomy and clustering in collaborative systems : the case of the on-line encyclopedia Wikipedia	In this paper we investigate the nature and structure of the relation between imposed classifications and real clustering in a particular case of a scale-free network given by the on-line encyclopedia Wikipedia . We find a statistical similarity in the distributions of community sizes both by using the top-down approach of the categories division present in the archive and in the bottom-up procedure of community detection given by an algorithm based on the spectral properties of the graph . Regardless the statistically similar behaviour the two methods provide a rather different division of the articles , thereby signaling that the nature and presence of power laws is a general feature for these systems and can not be used as a benchmark to evaluate the suitability of a clustering method .
0710.3081	physics.bio-ph	Analyzing the effects of surface distribution of pores in cell electroporation for a cell membrane containing cholesterol	This paper presents a model and numerical analysis ( simulations ) of transmembrane potential induced in biological cell membrane under the influence of externally applied electric field ( i.e. , electroporation ) . This model differs from the established models of electroporation in two distinct ways . Firstly , it incorporates the presence of cholesterol ( ~20 % mole-fraction ) in biological membrane . Secondly , it considers the distribution of pores as a function of the variation of transmembrane potential from one region of the cell to another . Formulation is based on the role of membrane tension and electrical forces in the formation of pores in a cell membrane , which is considered as an infinitesimally thin insulator . The model has been used to explore the process of creation and evolution of pores and to determine the number and size of pores as a function of applied electric field ( magnitude and duration ) . Results show that the presence of cholesterol enhances poration by changing the membrane tension . Analyses indicate that the number of pores and average pore radii differ significantly from one part of the cell to the other . While some regions of the cell membrane undergo rapid and dense poration , others remain unaffected . The method can be a useful tool for a more realistic prediction of pore formation in cells subjected to electroporation .
0710.3118	physics.flu-dyn	A Theory For Particle Settling and Shear-Induced Migration in Thin Film Flow	Experiments of particle-laden inclined film flow [ Zhou , Dupuy , Bertozzi , and Hosoi , Phys . Rev . Lett . 94 ( 2005 ) ] have displayed different settling behaviors depending on the particle concentration $ \phi $ and angle of inclination $ \theta $ , in which particles accumulate on the substrate or near the advancing contact line , or remain mixed . Zhou et al . presented a lubrication model that captures the qualitative behavior of the high- $ \phi $ , high- $ \theta $ regime , characterized by a particle-rich ridge near the contact line , but can not explain the other observed settling behaviors . This work presents a model in which $ \phi $ varies through the film depth , unlike Zhou et al . 's model . Average velocities for the liquid and particulate phases are computed , and the implications for phase separation are discussed . It is found that the equilibrium depth profile of $ \phi $ is more important than gravitational settling in the down-slope direction in determining phase separation . The predicted settling behavior is directly compared with Zhou et al . 's experimental data .
0710.3128	physics.hist-ph	Electron Spin or `` Classically Non-Describable Two-Valuedness ''	In December 1924 Wolfgang Pauli proposed the idea of an inner degree of freedom of the electron , which he insisted should be thought of as genuinely quantum mechanical in nature . Shortly thereafter Ralph Kronig and , independently , Samuel Goudsmit and George Uhlenbeck took up a less radical stance by suggesting that this degree of freedom somehow corresponded to an inner rotational motion , though it was unclear from the very beginning how literal one was actually supposed to take this picture , since it was immediately recognised ( already by Goudsmit and Uhlenbeck ) that it would very likely lead to serious problems with Special Relativity if the model were to reproduce the electron 's values for mass , charge , angular momentum , and magnetic moment . However , probably due to the then overwhelming impression that classical concepts were generally insufficient for the proper description of microscopic phenomena , a more detailed reasoning was never given . In this contribution I shall investigate in some detail what the restrictions on the physical quantities just mentioned are , if they are to be reproduced by rather simple classical models of the electron within the framework of Special Relativity . It turns out that surface stresses play a decisive role and that the question of whether a classical model for the electron does indeed contradict Special Relativity can only be answered on the basis of an \emph { exact } solution , which has hitherto not been given .
0710.3134	physics.flu-dyn	Shape Fluctuations in Randomly Stirred Dilute Emulsions	In this paper we consider the effects of the interaction between droplets or other deformable objects in an emulsion under random stirring of the host fluid . Our main interest is to obtain autocorrelation functions of the shape fluctuations in such randomly stirred host fluids , beyond the dilute limit regime . Thus , a system of deformable objects immersed in a host liquid that is randomly stirred is considered , where the objects interact with each other via the host liquid . Keeping expressions in the first order in the density of objects and in deviation of objects shapes from spherical , the shape of each object is expanded in spherical harmonic modes and the correlations of these modes are derived . The special case of objects that are governed by surface tension is investigated . The interaction between objects is explicitly formulated and the deformation correlations are obtained .
0710.3142	physics.atom-ph	Application of the dual-kinetic-balance sets in the relativistic many-body problem of atomic structure	The dual-kinetic-balance ( DKB ) finite basis set method for solving the Dirac equation for hydrogen-like ions [ V. M. Shabaev et al. , Phys . Rev . Lett . 93 , 130405 ( 2004 ) ] is extended to problems with a non-local spherically-symmetric Dirac-Hartree-Fock potential . We implement the DKB method using B-spline basis sets and compare its performance with the widely-employed approach of Notre Dame ( ND ) group [ W.R. Johnson and J. Sapirstein , Phys . Rev . Lett . 57 , 1126 ( 1986 ) ] . We compare the performance of the ND and DKB methods by computing various properties of Cs atom : energies , hyperfine integrals , the parity-non-conserving amplitude of the $ 6s_ { 1/2 } -7s_ { 1/2 } $ transition , and the second-order many-body correction to the removal energy of the valence electrons . We find that for a comparable size of the basis set the accuracy of both methods is similar for matrix elements accumulated far from the nuclear region . However , for atomic properties determined by small distances , the DKB method outperforms the ND approach . In addition , we present a strategy for optimizing the size of the basis sets by choosing progressively smaller number of basis functions for increasingly higher partial waves . This strategy exploits suppression of contributions of high partial waves to typical many-body correlation corrections .
0710.3145	physics.atom-ph	Population transfer between two quantum states by piecewise chirping of femtosecond pulses : Theory and experiment	We propose and demonstrate the method of population transfer by piecewise adiabatic passage between two quantum states . Coherent excitation of a two-level system with a train of ultrashort laser pulses is shown to reproduce the effect of an adiabatic passage , conventionally achieved with a single frequency-chirped pulse . By properly adjusting the amplitudes and phases of the pulses in the excitation pulse train , we achieve complete and robust population transfer to the target state . The effect is demonstrated experimentally by observing piecewise excitation of Rubidium atoms from 5s_1/2 to 5p_1/2 electronic state . We show that similarly to the conventional adiabatic passage , the piecewise process is insensitive to the total excitation energy as long as the adiabaticity conditions are satisfied . The piecewise nature of the process suggests that robust and selective population transfer could be implemented in a variety of complex quantum systems beyond the two-level approximation .
0710.3149	physics.plasm-ph	Advances towards pB11 Fusion with the Dense Plasma Focus	The prospects for achieving net energy production with pB11 fuel have recently considerably brightened . Studies have shown that the multi-GG field potentially obtainable with modest dense plasma focus devices have the effect of reducing the flow of energy from the ions to the electrons and thus suppressing bremsstrahlung radiation that cools the plasma . We report here on new simulations that indicate that net energy production may be achievable in high-magnetic-field devices at peak currents as low as 2.3 MA . While these simulations only model the dense plasmoid formed in the focus , new simulation techniques can allow a full particle-in-cell simulation of DPF functioning over the wide range of time and space scales needed . Such simulations will be of great value in the next round of experiments that will use pB11 fuel .
0710.3173	physics.chem-ph	Noise auto-correlation spectroscopy with coherent Raman scattering	Ultrafast lasers have become one of the most powerful tools in coherent nonlinear optical spectroscopy . Short pulses enable direct observation of fast molecular dynamics , whereas broad spectral bandwidth offers ways of controlling nonlinear optical processes by means of quantum interferences . Special care is usually taken to preserve the coherence of laser pulses as it determines the accuracy of a spectroscopic measurement . Here we present a new approach to coherent Raman spectroscopy based on deliberately introduced noise , which increases the spectral resolution , robustness and efficiency . We probe laser induced molecular vibrations using a broadband laser pulse with intentionally randomized amplitude and phase . The vibrational resonances result in and are identified through the appearance of intensity correlations in the noisy spectrum of coherently scattered photons . Spectral resolution is neither limited by the pulse bandwidth , nor sensitive to the quality of the temporal and spectral profile of the pulses . This is particularly attractive for the applications in microscopy , biological imaging and remote sensing , where dispersion and scattering properties of the medium often undermine the applicability of ultrafast lasers . The proposed method combines the efficiency and resolution of a coherent process with the robustness of incoherent light . As we demonstrate here , it can be implemented by simply destroying the coherence of a laser pulse , and without any elaborate temporal scanning or spectral shaping commonly required by the frequency-resolved spectroscopic methods with ultrashort pulses .
0710.3176	physics.optics	Local Normal Mode Coupling and Energy Band Splitting in Elliptically Birefringent 1D Magnetophotonic Crystals	An analysis is presented of wave-vector dispersion in elliptically birefringent stratified magneto-optic media having one-dimensional periodicity . It is found that local normal-mode polarization-state differences between adjacent layers lead to mode coupling and impact the wave-vector dispersion and the character of the Bloch states of the system . This coupling produces extra terms in the dispersion relation not present in uniform circularly birefringent magneto-optic stratified media . Normal mode coupling lifts the degeneracy at frequency band cross-over points under certain conditions and induces a magnetization-dependent optical band gap . This study examines the conditions for band gap formation in the system . It shows that such a frequency-split can be characterized by a simple coupling parameter that depends on the relation between polarization states of local normal modes in adjacent layers . The character of the Bloch states and conditions for maximizing the strength of the band splitting in these systems are analyzed .
0710.3184	physics.ins-det nucl-ex	19F ( p , alpha gamma ) 16O reaction : HPGe detector response function and gamma-ray relative yields	The 6.1 , 6.9 and 7.1 MeV photon yields in the reaction with protons in the 1.32 to 1.42 MeV energy range were determined from the comparison between experimental and simulated spectrum . The gamma-ray spectra were measured with a HPGe detector which was 72.5 mm in diameter and 60.5 mm in length . The reaction kinematics and the detector response function were simulated by different programs using the Monte Carlo method . The relative photon yields were obtained from the least-squares fit of the experimental gamma-ray spectra to the convolution of the detector response function with the photon energy distribution arising from the reaction kinematics .
0710.3204	physics.comp-ph nucl-ex nucl-th	Computational Model for Electron-Nucleon Scattering and Weak Charge of the Nucleon	We show how computational symbolic packages such as FeynArts and FormCalc can be adopted for the evaluation of one-loop hadronic electroweak radiative corrections for electron-nucleon scattering and applied to calculations of the nucleon weak charge . Several numerical results are listed , and found to be in good agreement with the current experimental data .
