0706.3906	physics.flu-dyn	A Comment on `` Optimal Stroke Patterns for Purcell 's Three-Link Swimmer ''	For large enough aspect ratio , we find better stroke patterns then the patterns proposed by D. Tam and A.P.Hosoi in their letter to PRL `` Optimal Stroke Patterns for Purcell 's Three-Link Swimmer '' .
0706.3913	physics.gen-ph physics.plasm-ph	Current-voltage characteristic of parallel-plane ionization chamber with inhomogeneous ionization	The balances of particles and charges in the volume of parallel-plane ionization chamber are considered . Differential equations describing the distribution of current densities in the chamber volume are obtained . As a result of the differential equations solution an analytical form of the current-voltage characteristic of parallel-plane ionization chamber with inhomogeneous ionization in the volume is got .
0706.3974	physics.bio-ph	Kinetic and hydrodynamic models of chemotactic aggregation	We derive general kinetic and hydrodynamic models of chemotactic aggregation that describe certain features of the morphogenesis of biological colonies ( like bacteria , amoebae , endothelial cells or social insects ) . Starting from a stochastic model defined in terms of N coupled Langevin equations , we derive a nonlinear mean field Fokker-Planck equation governing the evolution of the distribution function of the system in phase space . By taking the successive moments of this kinetic equation and using a local thermodynamic equilibrium condition , we derive a set of hydrodynamic equations involving a damping term . In the limit of small frictions , we obtain a hyperbolic model describing the formation of network patterns ( filaments ) and in the limit of strong frictions we obtain a parabolic model which is a generalization of the standard Keller-Segel model describing the formation of clusters ( clumps ) . Our approach connects and generalizes several models introduced in the chemotactic literature . We discuss the analogy between bacterial colonies and self-gravitating systems and between the chemotactic collapse and the gravitational collapse ( Jeans instability ) . We also show that the basic equations of chemotaxis are similar to nonlinear mean field Fokker-Planck equations so that a notion of effective generalized thermodynamics can be developed .
0706.3975	physics.soc-ph	Hierarchical Spatial Organization of Geographical Networks	In this work we propose the use of a hirarchical extension of the polygonality index as a means to characterize and model geographical networks : each node is associated with the spatial position of the nodes , while the edges of the network are defined by progressive connectivity adjacencies . Through the analysis of such networks , while relating its topological and geometrical properties , it is possible to obtain important indications about the development dynamics of the networks under analysis . The potential of the methodology is illustrated with respect to synthetic geographical networks .
0706.3979	physics.gen-ph	The informational model - possible tests	In our previous arXiv papers ( more systematically the informational conception is presented in the paper `` The Information as Absolute '' , 2010 ) it was rigorously shown that Matter in our Universe - and Universe as a whole - are some informational systems ( structures ) , which exist as uninterruptedly transforming [ practically ] infinitesimal sub-sets in the absolutely infinite and fundamental set `` Information '' . Such a conception allows to suggest a reasonable physical model that is based on the conjecture that Matter is some analogue of computer ( more correct - of a [ huge ] number of mutually comparatively independent automata ) . The conjecture , in turn , allows introducing in the model the basic logical elements that constitute the material structures and support the informational exchange - i.e . the forces - between the structures . The model yet now makes more clear a number of basic problems in special relativity , quantum mechanics , and , rather probably , in [ now - in Newtonian ] gravity . In this paper some possible experiments for the model testing are considered .
0706.3983	physics.soc-ph	Social applications of two-dimensional Ising models	I review three socio-economic models of economic opinions , urban segregation , and language change and show that the well known two-dimensional Ising model gives about the same results in each case .
0706.3989	physics.hist-ph gr-qc	Hans-Juergen Treder and the discovery of confinement in Einstein's unified field theory	In the year 1957 , when interest in Einstein 's unified field theory was fading away for lack of understanding of its physical content , Treder performed a momentous critical analysis of the possible definitions of the electric four-current in the theory . As an outcome of this scrutiny he was able to prove by the E.I.H . method that properly defined point charges , appended at the right-hand side of the field equation $ R_ { [ [ \mu\nu ] , \lambda ] } =0 $ , interact mutually with Coulomb-like forces , provided that a mutual force independent of distance is present too . This unwanted , but unavoidable addition , could not but lay further disbelief on the efforts initiated by Einstein and Schroedinger one decade earlier . However in 1980 Treder himself recalled that the potential $ \phi=a/r+cr $ , found by him in 1957 , was the one used by particle physicists to account phenomenologically for the spectrum of bound quark systems like mesons . Exact solutions have later confirmed beyond any doubt that Einstein 's unified field theory does account in a simple way , already in classical form , for the confinement of pole charges defined by the four-current first availed of by Treder . In the present paper it is proposed , ad memoriam , a thorough recollection of the article published by Treder in 1957 , showing the way kept by him to find what would have been later recognized as confinement in Einstein 's unified field theory .
0706.4005	physics.atom-ph	Absolute frequency measurements for hyperfine structure determination of the R ( 26 ) 62-0 transition at 501.7 nm in molecular iodine	The absolute frequencies of the hyperfine components of the R ( 26 ) 62-0 transition in molecular iodine at 501.7 nm are measured for the first time with an optical clockwork based on a femtosecond laser frequency comb generator . The set-up is composed of an Ar+ laser locked to a hyperfine component of the R ( 26 ) 62-0 transition detected in a continuously pumped low-pressure cell ( 0.33 Pa ) . The detected resonances show a linewidth of 45 kHz ( half-width at half-maximum ) . The uncertainty of the frequency measurement is estimated to be 250 Hz .
0706.4007	physics.class-ph	Transmission des forces dans un milieu compos\'e de grains non sph\'eriques	We perform a detailed analysis of the contact force network in a dense confined packing of pentagonal particles simulated by means of the contact dynamics method . The effect of particle shape is evidenced by comparing the data from pentagon packing and from a packing with identical characteristics except for the circular shape of the particles . A counterintuitive finding of this work is that , under steady shearing , the pentagon packing develops a lower structural anisotropy than the disk packing . We show that this weakness is compensated by a higher force anisotropy , leading to enhanced shear strength of the pentagon packing . We revisit `` strong '' and `` weak '' force networks in the pentagon packing , but our simulation data provide also evidence for a large class of `` very weak '' forces carried mainly by vertex-to-edge contacts . The strong force chains are mostly composed of edge-to-edge contacts with a marked zig-zag aspect and a decreasing exponential probability distribution as in a disk packing .
0706.4011	physics.flu-dyn	Determination of density and concentration from fluorescent images of a gas flow	A fluorescent image analysis procedure to determine the distribution of species concentration and density in a gas flow is proposed . The fluorescent emission is due to the excitation of atoms/molecules of a gas that is intercepted by an electron blade . The intensity of the fluorescent light is proportional to the local number density of the gas . When the gas flow is a mixture of different species , this proportionality can be exploited to extract the contribution associated to the species from the spectral superposition acquired by a digital camera . This yields a method that simultaneously reveals species concentrations and mass density of the mixture . The procedure is applied to two under-expanded sonic jets discharged into a different gas ambient - Helium into Argon and Argon into Helium - to measure the concentration and density distribution along the jet axis and across it . A comparison with experimental and numerical results obtained by other authors when observing under-expanded jets at different Mach numbers is made with the density distribution along the axis of the jet . This density distribution appears to be self-similar .
0706.4020	physics.gen-ph	Extensivity and Relativistic Thermodynamics	The mathematical properties associated with the widely accepted concept of the extensivity of many of the common thermodynamic variables are examined and some of their consequences considered . The possible conflict between some of these and currently accepted results of special relativistic thermodynamics is highlighted . Although several questions are raised , answers are not advanced as this seems an area demanding calm , widespread reflection which could conceivably lead to radical revision of part , or parts , of theoretical physics .
0706.4056	physics.atom-ph physics.atm-clus	Photoionization of 3d electrons of Xe , Cs and Ba endohedral atoms : comparative analyses	We demonstrate rather interesting manifestations of co-existence of resonance features in characteristics of the photoionization of 3d-electrons in Xe , Cs and Ba endohedral atoms . It is shown that for all of the considered atoms the reflection by the fullerene shell of photoelectrons produced by the 3d subshell photoionization affects greatly partial photoionization cross-sections of 3d5/2 and 3d3/2 levels and respective angular anisotropy parameters , both dipole and non-dipole adding to all of them additional maximums and minimums . The results obtained demonstrate distinctive differences between the three atoms . The calculations are performed treating the 3/2 and 5/2 electrons as electrons of different kinds with their spins `` up '' and `` down '' . The effect of C60 shell is accounted for in the frame of the `` orange '' skin potential model . It is essential that in the considered photon frequency region presented resonance features are not affected by the C60 polarization .
0706.4058	physics.soc-ph	Opinion Formation in Laggard Societies	We introduce a statistical physics model for opinion dynamics on random networks where agents adopt the opinion held by the majority of their direct neighbors only if the fraction of these neighbors exceeds a certain threshold , p_u . We find a transition from total final consensus to a mixed phase where opinions coexist amongst the agents . The relevant parameters are the relative sizes in the initial opinion distribution within the population and the connectivity of the underlying network . As the order parameter we define the asymptotic state of opinions . In the phase diagram we find regions of total consensus and a mixed phase . As the 'laggard parameter ' p_u increases the regions of consensus shrink . In addition we introduce rewiring of the underlying network during the opinion formation process and discuss the resulting consequences in the phase diagram .
0706.4128	physics.geo-ph physics.ao-ph	A review of wildland fire spread modelling , 1990-present 2 : Empirical and quasi-empirical models	In recent years , advances in computational power and spatial data analysis ( GIS , remote sensing , etc ) have led to an increase in attempts to model the spread and behaviour of wildland fires across the landscape . This series of review papers endeavours to critically and comprehensively review all types of surface fire spread models developed since 1990 . This paper reviews models of an empirical or quasi-empirical nature . These models are based solely on the statistical analysis of experimentally obtained data with or without some physical framework for the basis of the relations . Other papers in the series review models of a physical or quasi-physical nature , and mathematical analogues and simulation models . The main relations of empirical models are that of wind speed and fuel moisture content with rate of forward spread . Comparisons are made of the different functional relationships selected by various authors for these variables .
0706.4130	physics.geo-ph physics.ao-ph	A review of wildland fire spread modelling , 1990-present 3 : Mathematical analogues and simulation models	In recent years , advances in computational power and spatial data analysis ( GIS , remote sensing , etc ) have led to an increase in attempts to model the spread and behvaiour of wildland fires across the landscape . This series of review papers endeavours to critically and comprehensively review all types of surface fire spread models developed since 1990 . This paper reviews models of a simulation or mathematical analogue nature . Most simulation models are implementations of existing empirical or quasi-empirical models and their primary function is to convert these generally one dimensional models to two dimensions and then propagate a fire perimeter across a modelled landscape . Mathematical analogue models are those that are based on some mathematical conceit ( rather than a physical representation of fire spread ) that coincidentally simulates the spread of fire . Other papers in the series review models of an physical or quasi-physical nature and empirical or quasi-empirical nature . Many models are extensions or refinements of models developed before 1990 . Where this is the case , these models are also discussed but much less comprehensively .
