0706.2212	physics.flu-dyn physics.chem-ph	Predicting the progress of diffusively limited chemical reactions in the presence of chaotic advection	The effects of chaotic advection and diffusion on fast chemical reactions in two-dimensional fluid flows are investigated using experimentally measured stretching fields and fluorescent monitoring of the local concentration . Flow symmetry , Reynolds number , and mean path length affect the spatial distribution and time dependence of the reaction product . A single parameter \lambda*N , where \lambda is the mean Lyapunov exponent and N is the number of mixing cycles , can be used to predict the time-dependent total product for flows having different dynamical features .
0706.2230	physics.soc-ph	Limited resolution and multiresolution methods in complex network community detection	Detecting community structure in real-world networks is a challenging problem . Recently , it has been shown that the resolution of methods based on optimizing a modularity measure or a corresponding energy is limited ; communities with sizes below some threshold remain unresolved . One possibility to go around this problem is to vary the threshold by using a tuning parameter , and investigate the community structure at variable resolutions . Here , we analyze the resolution limit and multiresolution behavior for two different methods : a q-state Potts method proposed by Reichard and Bornholdt , and a recent multiresolution method by Arenas , Fernandez , and Gomez . These methods are studied analytically , and applied to three test networks using simulated annealing .
0706.2233	physics.optics	Two-dimensional defect modes in optically induced photonic lattices	In this article , localized linear defect modes due to bandgap guidance in two-dimensional photonic lattices with localized or non-localized defects are investigated theoretically . First , when the defect is localized and weak , eigenvalues of defect modes bifurcated from edges of Bloch bands are derived analytically . It is shown that in an attractive ( repulsive ) defect , defect modes bifurcate out from Bloch-band edges with normal ( anomalous ) diffraction coefficients . Furthermore , distances between defect-mode eigenvalues and Bloch-band edges are exponentially small functions of the defect strength , which is very different from the one-dimensional case where such distances are quadratically small with the defect strength . It is also found that some defect-mode branches bifurcate not from Bloch-band edges , but from quasi-edge points within Bloch bands , which is very unusual . Second , when the defect is localized but strong , defect modes are determined numerically . It is shown that both the repulsive and attractive defects can support various types of defect modes such as fundamental , dipole , quadrupole , and vortex modes . These modes reside in various bandgaps of the photonic lattice . As the defect strength increases , defect modes move from lower bandgaps to higher ones when the defect is repulsive , but remain within each bandgap when the defect is attractive , similar to the one-dimensional case . The same phenomena are observed when the defect is held fixed while the applied dc field ( which controls the lattice potential ) increases . Lastly , if the defect is non-localized ( i.e . it persists at large distances in the lattice ) , it is shown that defect modes can be embedded inside the continuous spectrum , and they can bifurcate out from edges of the continuous spectrum algebraically rather than exponentially .
0706.2244	physics.soc-ph	The Yule distribution and frailty -- a note on spurious preferential attachment	Preferential attachment is a popular generative mechanism to explain the widespread observation of power law distributed networks . We introduce an alternative explanation for the phenomenon by allowing the link growth rates to vary across the nodes according to a randomized Poisson process . The distribution of rates , which reproduces the degree distribution of a preferential attachment process ( Yule process ) is derived analytically . We demonstrate with use of simulations that the degree distribution and growth rates in single time intervals are similar for the random process and the preferential attachment process . Structural differences are analyzed by examining the joint degree distribution and network coreness .
0706.2277	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Narrow bandwidth interference filter-stabilized diode laser systems for the manipulation of neutral atoms	We present and investigate different external cavity diode laser ( ECDL ) configurations for the manipulation of neutrals atoms , wavelength-stabilized by a narrow-band high transmission interference filter . A novel diode laser , providing high output power of more than 1 W , with a linewidth of less than 200 kHz , based on a self-seeded tapered amplifier chip has been developed . Additionally , we compare the optical and spectral properties of two laser systems based on common laser diodes , differing in their coating , as well as one , based on a distributed-feedback ( DFB ) diode . The linear cavity setup in all these systems combines a robust and compact design with a high wavelength tunability and an improved stability of the optical feedback compared to diode laser setups using diffraction gratings for wavelength discrimination .
0706.2279	physics.optics	Efficient analysis and design of low-loss whispering-gallery-mode coupled resonator optical waveguide bends	Waveguides composed of electromagnetically-coupled optical microcavities ( coupled resonator optical waveguides or CROWs ) can be used for light guiding , slowing and storage . In this paper , we present a two-dimensional analysis of finite-size straight and curved CROW sections based on a rigorous Muller boundary integral equations method . We study mechanisms of the coupling of whispering gallery ( WG ) modes and guiding light around bends in CROWs composed of both identical and size-mismatched microdisk resonators . Our accurate analysis reveals differences in WG modes coupling in the vicinity of bends in CROWs composed of optically-large and wavelength-scale microcavities . We propose and discuss possible ways to design low-loss CROW bends and to reduce bend losses . These include selecting specific bend angles depending on the azimuthal order of the WG mode and tuning the radius of the microdisk positioned at the CROW bend .
0706.2280	physics.acc-ph physics.optics	Longitudinal impedance and wake from XFEL undulators . Impact on current-enhanced SASE schemes	In this article we derive longitudinal impedance and wake function for an undulator setup with arbitrary undulator parameter , taking into account a finite transverse size of the electron bunch . Earlier studies considered a line density-distribution of electrons instead . We focus our attention on the long-wavelength asymptote ( compared with resonance wavelength ) , at large distance of the electron bunch from the undulator entrance compared to the overtaking length , and for large vacuum-chamber size compared to the typical transverse size of the field . These restrictions define a parameter region of interest for practical applications . We calculate a closed expression for impedance and wake function that may be evaluated numerically in the most general case . Such expression allows us to derive an analytical solution for a Gaussian transverse and longitudinal bunch shape . Finally , we study the feasibility of current-enhanced SASE schemes ( ESASE ) recently proposed for LCLS , that fall well-within our approximations . Numerical estimations presented in this paper indicate that impedance-induced energy spread is sufficient to seriously degrade the FEL performance . Our conclusion is in contrast with results in literature , where wake calculations for the LCLS case are given in free-space , as if the presence of the undulator were negligible .
0706.2284	physics.plasm-ph	On advanced fluid modelling of drift wave turbulence	The Dupree-Weinstock renormalization is used to prove that a reactive closure exists for drift wave turbulence in magnetized plasmas . The result is used to explain recent results in gyrokinetic simulations and is also related to the Mattor-Parker closure . The level of closure is found in terms of applied external sources .
0706.2289	physics.optics	Laser cooling of unbound atoms in nondissipative optical lattices	The semiclassical theory of laser cooling is applied for the analysis of cooling of unbound atoms with the values of the ground and exited state angular moments 1/2 in a one-dimensional nondissipative optical lattice . We show that in the low-saturation limit with respect to the pumping field a qualitative interpretation of the cooling mechanisms can be made by the consideration of effective two-level system of the ground-state sublevels . It is clarified that in the limit of weak Raman transitions the cooling mechanism is similar to the Doppler mechanism , which is known in the theory of two-level atom . In the limit of strong Raman transitions the cooling mechanism is similar to the known Sisyphus mechanism . In the slow atom approximation the analytical expressions for the coefficients of friction , spontaneous and induced diffusion are given , and the kinetic temperature is estimated .
0706.2292	physics.acc-ph nucl-ex	First observations of beam losses due to bound-free pair production in a heavy-ion collider	We report the first observations of beam losses due to bound-free pair production at the interaction point of a heavy-ion collider . This process is expected to be a major luminosity limit for the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) when it operates with 208Pb82+ ions because the localized energy deposition by the lost ions may quench superconducting magnet coils . Measurements were performed at the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider ( RHIC ) during operation with 100 GeV/nucleon 63Cu29+ ions . At RHIC , the rate , energy and magnetic field are low enough so that magnet quenching is not an issue . The hadronic showers produced when the single-electron ions struck the RHIC beampipe were observed using an array of photodiodes . The measurement confirms the order of magnitude of the theoretical cross section previously calculated by others .
0706.2371	physics.chem-ph physics.atom-ph	The rotating Morse potential model for diatomic molecules in the tridiagonal J-matrix representation : I . Bound states	This is the first in a series of articles in which we study the rotating Morse potential model for diatomic molecules in the tridiagonal J-matrix representation . Here , we compute the bound states energy spectrum by diagonalizing the finite dimensional Hamiltonian matrix of H2 , LiH , HCl and CO molecules for arbitrary angular momentum . The calculation was performed using the J-matrix basis that supports a tridiagonal matrix representation for the reference Hamiltonian . Our results for these diatomic molecules have been compared with available numerical data satisfactorily . The proposed method is handy , very efficient , and it enhances accuracy by combining analytic power with a convergent and stable numerical technique .
0706.2385	physics.optics	Dynamical ultrafast all-optical switching of planar GaAs/AlAs photonic microcavities	The authors study the ultrafast switching-on and -off of planar GaAs/AlAs microcavities . Up to 0.8 % refractive index changes are achieved by optically exciting free carriers at 1720 nm and a pulse energy of 1.8 micro Joules . The cavity resonance is dynamically tracked by measuring reflectivity versus time delay with tunable laser pulses , and is found to shift by as much as 3.3 linewidths within a few picoseconds . The switching-off occurs with a decay time of around 50 ps . The authors derive the dynamic behavior of the carrier density and of the complex refractive index . They propose that the inferred 10 GHz switching rate may be tenfold improved by optimized sample growth .
