0707.4193	physics.flu-dyn physics.ao-ph	On the interaction of Jupiter 's Great Red Spot and zonal jet streams	In this paper , Jupiter 's Great Red Spot ( GRS ) is used to determine properties of the Jovian atmosphere that can not otherwise be found . These properties include the potential vorticity of the GRS and its neighboring jet streams , the shear imposed on the GRS by the jet streams , and the vertical entropy gradient ( i.e. , Rossby deformation radius ) . The cloud cover of the GRS , which is often used to define the GRS 's area and aspect ratio , is found to differ significantly from the region of the GRS 's potential vorticity anomaly . The westward-going jet stream to the north of the GRS and the eastward-going jet stream to its south are each found to have a large potential vorticity `` jump '' . The jumps have opposite sign and as a consequence of their interaction with the GRS , the shear imposed on the GRS is reduced . The east-west to north-south aspect ratio of the GRS 's potential vorticity anomaly depends on the ratio of the imposed shear to the strength of the anomaly . The aspect ratio is found to be $ \approx $ 2:1 , but without the opposing jumps it would be much greater . The GRS 's high-speed collar and quiescent interior require that the potential vorticity in the interior be approximately half that in the collar . No other persistent geophysical vortex has a significant minimum of potential vorticity in its interior and laboratory vortices with such a minimum are unstable .
0707.4208	physics.pop-ph hep-ex hep-ph	Research News -- Observation of Exotic Heavy Baryons	We review the recent discoveries of exotic heavy baryons at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory .
0707.4209	physics.pop-ph hep-ex hep-ph	Research News -- Observation of oscillation phenomena in heavy meson systems	We review the recent discoveries of rare oscillation phenomena in certain heavy neutral meson systems .
0707.4212	physics.atom-ph	Analysis of two-dimensional high-energy photoelectron momentum distributions in single ionization of atoms by intense laser pulses	We analyzed the two-dimensional ( 2D ) electron momentum distributions of high-energy photoelectrons of atoms in an intense laser field using the second-order strong field approximation ( SFA2 ) . The SFA2 accounts for the rescattering of the returning electron with the target ion to first order and its validity is established by comparing with results obtained by solving the time-dependent Schr\ '' { o } dinger equation ( TDSE ) for short pulses . By analyzing the SFA2 theory , we confirmed that the yield along the back rescattered ridge ( BRR ) in the 2D momentum spectra can be interpreted as due to the elastic scattering in the backward directions by the returning electron wave packet . The characteristics of the extracted electron wave packets for different laser parameters are analyzed , including their dependence on the laser intensity and pulse duration . For long pulses we also studied the wave packets from the first and the later returns .
0707.4228	physics.optics physics.atom-ph	Comparison of RABITT and FROG measurements in the temporal characterization of attosecond pulse trains	The attosecond high harmonic pulses obtained from a long Ar-filled gas cell were characterized by two techniques - the reconstruction of attosecond beating by interference of two-photon transition ( RABITT ) and frequency-resolved optical gating ( FROG ) methods . The pulse durations obtained by RABITT and FROG methods agreed within 10 % .
