0704.3684	physics.optics cond-mat.mes-hall quant-ph	Dynamics of Quantum Dot Nuclear Spin Polarization Controlled by a Single Electron	We present an experimental study of the dynamics underlying the buildup and decay of dynamical nuclear spin polarization in a single semiconductor quantum dot . Our experiment shows that the nuclei can be polarized on a time scale of a few milliseconds , while their decay dynamics depends drastically on external parameters . We show that a single electron can very efficiently depolarize the nuclear spins and discuss two processes that can cause this depolarization . Conversely , in the absence of a quantum dot electron , the lifetime of nuclear spin polarization is on the time scale of a second , most likely limited by the non-secular terms of the nuclear dipole-dipole interaction . We can further suppress this depolarization rate by 1-2 orders of magnitude by applying an external magnetic field exceeding 1 mT .
0704.3700	physics.flu-dyn	Constrained flow around a magnetic obstacle	Many practical applications exploit an external local magnetic field -- magnetic obstacle -- as an essential part of their constructions . Recently , it has been demonstrated that the flow of an electrically conducting fluid influenced by an external field can show several kinds of recirculation . The present paper reports a 3D numerical study whose some results are compared with an experiment about such a flow in a rectangular duct .
0704.3701	physics.optics	Comment on `` Enhanced transmission of light through a gold film due to excitation of standing surface-plasmon Bloch waves ''	The purpose of this comment is first to correct a misapprehension of the role played by composite wave diffraction on surface-wave generation at subwavelength structures and second to point out that periodic Bloch structures are unnecessary for the efficient production of the surface plasmon polariton ( SPP ) guided mode either as traveling or standing waves . Guided surface waves originate from simple slit or groove edges illuminated under normal incidence , and one-dimensional ( 1-D ) surface cavities from these standing waves are easily realized .
0704.3706	physics.data-an	A multivariate approach to heavy flavour tagging with cascade training	This paper compares the performance of artificial neural networks and boosted decision trees , with and without cascade training , for tagging b-jets in a collider experiment . It is shown , using a Monte Carlo simulation of $ WH \to l\nu q\bar { q } $ events , that for a b-tagging efficiency of 50 % , the light jet rejection power given by boosted decision trees without cascade training is about 55 % higher than that given by artificial neural networks . The cascade training technique can improve the performance of boosted decision trees and artificial neural networks at this b-tagging efficiency level by about 35 % and 80 % respectively . We conclude that the cascade trained boosted decision trees method is the most promising technique for tagging heavy flavours at collider experiments .
0704.3732	physics.optics	Absorption spectroscopy of individual single-walled carbon nanotubes	Current methods for producing single-walled carbon nanotubes ( SWNTs ) lead to heterogeneous samples containing mixtures of metallic and semiconducting species with a variety of lengths and defects . Optical detection at the single nanotube level should thus offer the possibility to examine these heterogeneities provided that both SWNT species are equally well detected . Here , we used photothermal heterodyne detection to record absorption images and spectra of individual SWNTs . Because this photothermal method relies only on light absorption , it readily detects metallic nanotubes as well as the emissive semiconducting species . The first and second optical transitions in individual semicontucting nanotubes have been probed . Comparison between the emission and absorption spectra of the lowest-lying optical transition reveal mainly small Stokes shifts . Side bands in the near-infrared absorption spectra are observed and assigned to exciton-phonon bound states . No such sidebands are detected around the lowest transition of metallic nanotubes .
0704.3759	physics.soc-ph physics.comp-ph	Identifying network communities with a high resolution	Community structure is an important property of complex networks . An automatic discovery of such structure is a fundamental task in many disciplines , including sociology , biology , engineering , and computer science . Recently , several community discovery algorithms have been proposed based on the optimization of a quantity called modularity ( Q ) . However , the problem of modularity optimization is NP-hard , and the existing approaches often suffer from prohibitively long running time or poor quality . Furthermore , it has been recently pointed out that algorithms based on optimizing Q will have a resolution limit , i.e. , communities below a certain scale may not be detected . In this research , we first propose an efficient heuristic algorithm , Qcut , which combines spectral graph partitioning and local search to optimize Q . Using both synthetic and real networks , we show that Qcut can find higher modularities and is more scalable than the existing algorithms . Furthermore , using Qcut as an essential component , we propose a recursive algorithm , HQcut , to solve the resolution limit problem . We show that HQcut can successfully detect communities at a much finer scale and with a higher accuracy than the existing algorithms . Finally , we apply Qcut and HQcut to study a protein-protein interaction network , and show that the combination of the two algorithms can reveal interesting biological results that may be otherwise undetectable .
0704.3765	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	Active metamaterials : sign of refraction index and gain-assisted dispersion management	We derive an approach to define the causal direction of the wavevector of modes in optical metamaterials , which in turn , determines signs of refractive index and impedance as a function of { \it real and imaginary } parts of dielectric permittivity and magnetic permeability . We use the developed technique to demonstrate that the interplay between resonant response of constituents of metamaterials can be used to achieve efficient dispersion management . Finally we demonstrate broadband dispersion-less index and impedance matching in active nanowire-based negative index materials . Our work opens new practical applications of negative index composites for broadband lensing , imaging , and pulse-routing .
