0712.4317	physics.comp-ph	The Finite Difference Time Domain Method for Computing Single-Particle Density Matrix	A general method for numerical computation of the thermal density matrix of a single-particle quantum system is presented . The Schrodinger equation in imaginary time tau is solved numerically by the finite difference time domain ( FDTD ) method using a set of initial wave functions at tau=0 . By choosing this initial set appropriately , the set of wave functions generated by the FDTD method can be used to construct the thermal density matrix . The theoretical basis of the method , a numerical algorithm for its implementation , and illustrative examples in one , two and three dimensions are given in this paper . The numerical results show that the procedure is efficient and accurately determines the density matrix and thermodynamic properties of single-particle systems . Extensions of the method to more general cases are briefly indicated .
0712.4326	physics.gen-ph	A Random Matrix Model of Black Holes	A random matrix model of black holes is given based on analysis of Gaussian complex ensembles , based on the generalization of chRMT of QCD . Spacetime freedoms are incorporated in terms of eigenvalues of the ensemble . Classical observables of black holes can be computed using this model and it satisfies asymptotic freedom and holographic principle .
0712.4339	physics.bio-ph physics.med-ph q-bio.TO	Global dynamical model of the cardiovascular system	Blood system functions are very diverse and important for most processes in human organism . One of its primary functions is matter transport among different parts of the organism including tissue supplying with oxygen , carbon dioxide excretion , drug propagation etc . Forecasting of these processes under normal conditions and in the presence of different pathologies like atherosclerosis , loss of blood , anatomical abnormalities , pathological changing in chemical transformations and others is significant issue for many physiologists . In this connection should be pointed out that global processes are of special interest as they include feedbacks and interdependences among different regions of the organism . Thus the main goal of this work is to develop the model allowing to describe effectively blood flow in the whole organism . As we interested in global processes the models of the four vascular trees ( arterial and venous parts of systemic and pulmonary circulation ) must be closed with heart and peripheral circulation models . As one of the model applications the processes of the blood loss is considered in the end of the paper .
0712.4342	physics.bio-ph physics.med-ph q-bio.TO	Numerical simulations of cardiovascular diseases and global matter transport	Numerical model of the peripheral circulation and dynamical model of the large vessels and the heart are discussed in this paper . They combined together into the global model of blood circulation . Some results of numerical simulations concerning matter transport through the human organism and heart diseases are represented in the end .
0712.4344	physics.flu-dyn	Full perturbation solution for the flow in a rotated torus	We present a perturbation solution for a pressure-driven fluid flow in a rotating toroidal channel . The analysis shows the difference between the solutions of full and simplified equations studied earlier . The result is found to be reliable for { \it low } Reynolds number ( $ \R $ ) as was the case for a previously studied solution for high $ \R $ . The convergence conditions are defined for the whole range of governing parameters . The viscous flow exhibits some interesting features in flow pattern and hydrodynamic characteristics .
0712.4364	physics.soc-ph	Opinion Dynamics with Hopfield Neural Networks	In Hopfield neural networks with up to 10^8 nodes we store two patterns through Hebb couplings . Then we start with a third random pattern which is supposed to evolve into one of the two stored patterns , simulating the cognitive process of associative memory leading to one of two possible opinions . With probability p each neuron independently , instead of following the Hopfield rule , takes over the corresponding value of another network , thus simulating how different people can convince each other . A consensus is achieved for high p .
0712.4368	physics.gen-ph physics.class-ph	Statistical relativistic temperature transformation for ideal gas of bradyons , luxons and tachyons	Starting from a microcanonical statistical approach and special relativity , the relativistic transformations for temperature and pressure for an ideal gas of bradyons , luxons or tachyons is found . These transformations are in agreement with the three laws of thermodynamic and our temperature transformation is the same as Ott 's . Besides , it is shown that the thermodynamic $ dS $ element is Lorentz-invariant .
0712.4370	physics.ins-det	The design of the time-of-flight system for MICE	The international Muon Ionization Cooling Experiment ( MICE ) will carry out a systematic investigation of ionization cooling of a muon beam . As the emittance measurement will be done on a particle-by-particle basis , a sophisticated beam instrumentation is needed to measure particle coordinates and timing vs RF . The MICE time-of-flight system will measure timings with a resolution better than 70 ps per plane , in a harsh environment due to high particle rates , fringe magnetic fields and electron backgrounds from RF dark noise .
0712.4374	physics.optics	Analytical study of the plasmonic modes of metal nanoparticle circular array	We analyze the plasmonic modes of a metal nanoparticle circular array . Closed form solutions to the eigenmode problem are given . For each polarization , the plasmonic mode with the highest quality is found to be an antiphase mode . We found that the significant suppression in radiative loss can be understood as the cancellation of the dipolar radiation term in the radiative linewidth . The remaining finite radiative linewidth decreases exponentially as the number of particle increases .
0801.0028	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph physics.data-an	CODATA Recommended Values of the Fundamental Physical Constants : 2006	This paper gives the 2006 self-consistent set of the basic constants and conversion factors of physics and chemistry recommended by the Committee on Data for Science and Technology ( CODATA ) for international use . Further , it describes in detail the adjustment of the values of the constants , including the selection of the final set of input data based on the results of least-squares analyses . The 2006 adjustment takes into account the data considered in the 2002 adjustment as well as the data that became available between 31 December 2002 , the closing date of that adjustment , and 31 December 2006 , the closing date of the new adjustment . The new data have led to a significant reduction in the uncertainties of many recommended values . The 2006 set replaces the previously recommended 2002 CODATA set and also may be found on the World Wide Web at physics.nist.gov/constants .
