0711.1575	physics.gen-ph	Remodeled Relativity Theory	This remodeled form of Einstein 's relativity theories retains and incorporates only experimentally proven principles . It is based on a generalized law for spinning and rotational motions , which is in fact the conservation law of momentum vector direction , and can be successfully used for the precision computation of planetary and lunar orbits . The most fundamental principles of the remodeled relativity theory are the conservation laws of energy and momentum . Based on experience of relativity experiments , we adopted the principles that energy level is the underlying cause for relativistic effects , and that mass is expressed by the relativistic energy equation from Einstein . From space age ephemeris generation experience and following nature's way to conserve energy and momentum , we found reason to replace the concept of '' relativity of all frames '' with that of `` nature 's preferred frame '' , which helped us to escape Einstein 's dilemma till 1912 , when he concluded that 'there is no way of escape from the consequence of non-Euclidean geometry , if all frames are permissible ' . Einstein formulated gtr as a law for all frames , but physicists and astronomers have continued to adopt one or other 'ad-hoc' approach not in full conformity with the basic tenets of gtr/str . Based on above principles , a comprehensive remodeling led to this theory that uses Euclidean space to consistently and successfully simulate numerically the results of all the `` well-established '' tests of gtr ( as in our earlier papers ) , and for the precise calculation of relativistic effects observed in case of the GPS applications , and other tests of str . It combined the essential essence of gtr/str , and the experience of relativity experiments , and has been shown to avoid the inadequacies of the former .
0711.1603	physics.soc-ph	Optimized network clustering by jumping sub-optimal dendrograms	We propose a method to improve community division techniques in networks that are based on agglomeration by introducing dendrogram jumping . The method is based on iterations of sub-optimal dendrograms instead of optimization of each agglomeration step . We find the algorithm to exhibit excellent scaling behavior of its computational complexity . In its present form the algorithm scales as $ \mathcal { O } ( N^ { 2 } ) $ , but by using more efficient data structures it is possible to achieve a scaling of $ \mathcal { O } ( N \log^ { 2 } N ) $ . We compare our results with other methods such as the greedy algorithm and the extremal optimization method . We find modularity values larger than the greedy algorithm and values comparable to the extremal optimization method .
0711.1620	physics.gen-ph	NASA tests of Einstein 's Universe call for non-empty space physics of nonlocal classical matter	LLR and GPB geodetic precessions have tested flatness for Einsten-Infeld-Hoffmann dynamics of distributed relativistic matter
