0712.0454	physics.ins-det	Results from the Commissioning Run of the CMS Silicon Strip Tracker	Results of the CMS Silicon Strip Tracker performance are presented as obtained in the setups where the tracker is being commissioned .
0712.0463	physics.gen-ph	Lorentz transformation , time dilation , length contraction and Doppler Effect - all at once	We present a simple derivation of the Lorentz transformations for the space-time coordinates of the same event . It is based on the relative character of length and time interval as measured by observes in relative motion . We begin by accepting that the relative motion modifies in some particular way the result of these measurements . However we do not postulate the character of this distortion i.e . whatever it is dilation or contraction . The formulas accounting for length contraction , time dilation and Doppler shift are a byproduct of this derivation .
0712.0485	physics.ins-det	Operation of a Thick Gas Electron Multiplier ( THGEM ) in Ar , Xe and Ar-Xe	We present the results of our recent studies of a Thick Gaseous Electron Multiplier ( THGEM ) -based detector , operated in Ar , Xe and Ar : Xe ( 95:5 ) at various gas pressures . Avalanche-multiplication properties and energy resolution were investigated with soft x-rays for different detector configurations and parameters . Gains above 10E4 were reached in a double-THGEM detector , at atmospheric pressure , in all gases , in almost all the tested conditions ; in Ar : Xe ( 95:5 ) similar gains were reached at pressures up to 2 bar . The energy resolution dependence on the gas , pressure , hole geometry and electric fields was studied in detail , yielding in some configurations values below 20 % FWHM with 5.9 keV x-rays .
0712.0501	physics.med-ph	A suggestion for B-10 imaging during boron neutron capture therapy	Selective accumulation of B-10 compound in tumour tissue is a fundamental condition for the achievement of BNCT ( Boron Neutron Capture Therapy ) , since the effectiveness of therapy irradiation derives just from neutron capture reaction of B-10 . Hence , the determination of the B-10 concentration ratio , between tumour and healthy tissue , and a control of this ratio , during the therapy , are essential to optimise the effectiveness of the BNCT , which it is known to be based on the selective uptake of B-10 compound . In this work , experimental methods are proposed and evaluated for the determination in vivo of B-10 compound in biological samples , in particular based on neutron radiography and gammaray spectroscopy by telescopic system . Measures and Monte Carlo calculations have been performed to investigate the possibility of executing imaging of the 10B distribution , both by radiography with thermal neutrons , using 6LiF/ZnS : Ag scintillator screen and a CCD camera , and by spectroscopy , based on the revelation of gamma-ray reaction products from B-10 and the H. A rebuilding algorithm has been implemented . The present study has been done for the standard case of B-10 uptake , as well as for proposed case in which , to the same carrier , is also synthesized Gd-157 , in the amount of is used like a contrast agent in NMRI .
0712.0502	physics.optics	Photodetection in silicon beyond the band edge with surface states	Silicon is an extremely attractive material platform for integrated optics at telecommunications wavelengths , particularly for integration with CMOS circuits . Developing detectors and electrically pumped lasers at telecom wavelengths are the two main technological hurdles before silicon can become a comprehensive platform for integrated optics . We report on the generation of free carriers in unimplanted SOI ridge waveguides , which we attribute to surface state absorption . By electrically contacting the waveguides , a photodetector with a responsivity of 36 mA/W and quantum efficiency of 2.8 % is demonstrated . The photoconductive effect is shown to have minimal falloff at speeds of up to 60 Mhz .
0712.0581	physics.ed-ph	Gesture analysis for physics education researchers	Systematic observations of student gestures can not only fill in gaps in students ' verbal expressions , but can also offer valuable information about student ideas , including their source , their novelty to the speaker , and their construction in real time . This paper provides a review of the research in gesture analysis that is most relevant to physics education researchers and illustrates gesture analysis for the purpose of better understanding student thinking about physics .
0712.0586	physics.plasm-ph physics.atm-clus	Harmonic emission from cluster nanoplasmas subject to intense short laser pulses	Harmonic emission from cluster nanoplasmas subject to short intense infrared laser pulses is studied . In a previous publication [ M. Kundu et al. , Phys . Rev . A 76 , 033201 ( 2007 ) ] we reported particle-in-cell simulation results showing resonant enhancements of low-order harmonics when the Mie plasma frequency of the ionizing and expanding cluster resonates with the respective harmonic frequency . Simultaneously we found that high-order harmonics were barely present in the spectrum , even at high intensities . The current paper is focused on the analytical modeling of the process . We show that dynamical stochasticity owing to nonlinear resonance inhibits the emission of high order harmonics .
0712.0605	physics.optics	Correct Definition of the Poynting Vector in Electrically and Magnetically Polarizable Medium Reveals that Negative Refraction is Impossible	I compute from first principles the local heating rate $ q $ ( the amount of electromagnetic energy converted to heat per unit time per unit volume ) for electromagnetic waves propagating in magnetically and electrically polarizable media . I find that , in magnetic media , this rate has two separate contributions , $ q^ { ( V ) } $ and $ q^ { ( S ) } $ , the first coming from the volume of the medium and the second from its surface . I argue that the second law of thermodynamics requires that the volume contribution be positive and that this requirement , in turn , prohibits negative refraction . This result holds for active or passive media and in the presence of anisotropy and spatial dispersion .
0712.0639	physics.plasm-ph	BPS Explained II : Calculating the Equilibration Rate in the Extreme Quantum Limit	This is the second in a series of two lectures on the technique of dimensional continuation , a new method for analytically calculating certain energy transport quantities in a weakly to moderately coupled plasma . Recently , this method was employed by Brown , Preston , and Singleton ( BPS ) to calculate the electron-ion temperature equilibration rate and the charged particle stopping power to leading and next-to-leading order in the plasma coupling . In this lecture , I develop the framework further , and then explicitly calculate the electron-ion temperature equilibration rate in the high temperature limit . This method captures all short and long distance physics to second order in the plasma coupling . This analytic perturbative technique is applicable for ignition in inertial confinement fusion and for other processes in hot a weakly coupled plasma .
0712.0650	physics.class-ph	Extended symmetrical classical electrodynamics	In the present article , we discuss a modification of classical electrodynamics in which `` ordinary '' point charges are absent . The modified equations contain additional terms describing the induced charges and currents . The densities of the induced charges and currents depend on the vector k and the vectors of the electromagnetic field E and B . It is shown that the vectors E and B can be defined in terms of two 4-potentials and the components of k are the components of the 4-tensor of the third rank . The Lagrangian of modified electrodynamics is defined . The conditions are derived at which only one 4-potential determines the behavior of the electromagnetic field . It is also shown that static modified electrodynamics can describe the electromagnetic field in the inner region of the electric monopole . In the outer region of the electric monopole the electric field is governed by the Maxwell equations . It follows from boundary conditions at the interface between the inner and outer regions of the monopole that the vector k has a discrete spectrum . The electric and magnetic fields , energy and angular momentum of the monopole are found for different eigenvalues of k .
