0706.2668	physics.plasm-ph physics.ao-ph	A jelly model for a ball of an extremely hot plasma	A simple model is applied to study a high temperature rather dense plasma ball . It is assumed that the ions and delocalized electrons are distributed uniformly throughout the ball , and extra/missing charge is found in a thin layer on the surface of a ball . It is shown in the framework of this model that regarded plasma ball can be relatively stable as a metastable state . Calculations show that electrostatic forces , repulsive forces between the ions , and atmospheric pressure can provide stability of a plasma ball . Presented model could be useful to understand the nature of a ball lightning .
0706.2675	physics.optics astro-ph physics.ins-det	Optical vortices with starlight : Implications for ground-based stellar coronagraphy	Using an l = 1 blazed fork-hologram at the focal plane of the Asiago 122 cm telescope , we obtained optical vortices from the stellar system Rasalgethi ( alpha Herculis ) and from the single star Arcturus ( alpha Bootis ) . We have analyzed the structure of the optical vortices obtained from non-monochromatic starlight under very poor seeing conditions using a fast CCD camera to obtain speckle patterns and carry out the lucky imaging technique , alternative to adaptive optics . With the insertion of a red filter and of a Lyot stop we performed l = 1 optical vortex coronography the double star HD74010 . The results are in agreement with theory and numerical simulations . Our results open the way to applications of optical vortices to ground based astronomical observations , in particular for coronagraphy with l > 1 masks . No intrinsic orbital angular momentum was detected in the starlight .
0706.2717	physics.ed-ph	Newton 's 2nd Law and the Physics of Dance	In teaching the physical sciences , a significant challenge lies in the student 's tendency to consider the scientific world and the `` real '' world as separate . For example , Newton 's 1st Law of Motion states that an object in motion remains in motion in a straight line unless acted on by an external force . However , our experience tells us that most objects keep moving only as long as someone or something pushes on them . One key to understanding physics is the ability to abstract the `` law '' from a reality which also includes friction and other effects . In this article we describe a college course for non-science majors , The Physics of Dance . The central theme of this course is the personalization of the physics of motion by making each student the object . With this approach we give students not only scientific tools to measure and understand but personal involvement to experience forces and motion . This combination provides a bridge that connects the science to reality .
0706.2734	physics.gen-ph	Towards a realistic neutrino mass formula : part two	A two-parameter neutrino mass formula is described , giving a moderately hierarchical spectrum m_1 < m_2 < m_3 consistent with the experimental estimates of Delta m^2_ { 21 } and Delta m^2_ { 32 } . The formula follows from a three-parameter empirical neutrino mass formula through imposing a parameter constraint and leads to a very simple neutrino mass sum rule m_3 = 18 m_2 - 48 m_1 . Some alternative parameter constraints , used tentatively to eliminate one of three parameters , are compared .
0706.2752	physics.flu-dyn	Film transitions of receding contact lines	When a solid plate is withdrawn from a liquid bath , a receding contact line is formed where solid , liquid , and gas meet . Above a critical speed $ U_ { cr } $ , a stationary contact line can no longer exist and the solid will eventually be covered completely by a liquid film . Here we show that the bifurcation diagram of this coating transition changes qualitatively , from discontinuous to continuous , when decreasing the inclination angle of the plate . We show that this effect is governed by the presence of capillary waves , illustrating that the large scale flow strongly effects the maximum speed of dewetting .
0706.2770	physics.med-ph q-bio.NC	Inter-individual variability in sensory weighting of a plantar pressure-based , tongue-placed tactile biofeedback for controlling posture	The purpose of the present experiment was to investigate whether the sensory weighting of a plantar pressure-based , tongue-placed tactile biofeedback for controlling posture could be subject to inter-individual variability . To achieve this goal , 60 young healthy adults were asked to stand as immobile as possible with their eyes closed in two conditions of No-biofeedback and Biofeedback . Centre of foot pressure ( CoP ) displacements were recorded using a force platform . Overall , results showed reduced CoP displacements in the Biofeedback relative to the No-biofeedback condition , evidencing the ability of the central nervous system to efficiently integrate an artificial plantar-based , tongue-placed tactile biofeedback for controlling posture during quiet standing . Results further showed a significant positive correlation between the CoP displacements measured in the No-biofeedback condition and the decrease in the CoP displacements induced by the use of the biofeedback . In other words , the degree of postural stabilization appeared to depend on each subject 's balance control capabilities , the biofeedback yielding a greater stabilizing effect in subjects exhibiting the largest CoP displacements when standing in the No-biofeedback condition . On the whole , by evidencing a significant inter-individual variability in sensory weighting of an additional tactile information related to foot sole pressure distribution for controlling posture , the present findings underscore the need and the necessity to address the issue of inter-individual variability in the field of neuroscience .
0706.2849	physics.atom-ph	The coupling of the X $ ^ { 1 } \Sigma ^ { + } $ and a $ ^ { 3 } \Sigma ^ { + } $ states of KRb	A comprehensive study of the electronic states at the 4s+5s asymptote in KRb is presented . Abundant spectroscopic data on the \astate state were collected by Fourier-transform spectroscopy which allow to determine an accurate experimental potential energy curve up to 14.8 \AA . The existing data set ( C. Amiot et al . J. Chem . Phys . 112 , 7068 ( 2000 ) ) on the ground state \Xstate was extended by several additional levels lying close to the atomic asymptote . In a coupled channels fitting routine complete molecular potentials for both electronic states were fitted . Along with the line frequencies of the molecular transitions , recently published positions of Feshbach resonances in $ ^ { 40 } $ K and $ ^ { 87 } $ Rb mixtures ( F. Ferlaino et al . Phys . Rev . A 74 , 039903 ( 2006 ) ) were included in the fit . This makes the derived potential curves capable for an accurate description of observed cold collision features so far . Predictions of scattering lengths and Feshbach resonances in other isotopic combinations are reported .
0706.2885	physics.gen-ph	An Alternative Explanation for Cosmological Redshift	The first and most compelling evidence of the universe 's expansion was , and continues to be , the observed redshift of spectra from distant objects . This paper plays `` devil 's advocate '' by providing an alternative explanation with elementary physics . I assume a steady-state universe that is infinite in both expanse and age , with the observed redshifts caused by particle interactions creating an overall index of refraction of the universe . The cumulative effects of these interactions over long distances cause not only the shifts that we observe , but also the monotonically increasing redshifts as more distant objects are observed . This is a novel explanation for the phenomenon known as '' tired light '' which has been discussed for decades .
0706.2897	physics.acc-ph physics.comp-ph	Equilibrium ion distribution in the presence of clearing electrodes and its influence on electron dynamics	Here we compute the ion distribution produced by an electron beam when ion-clearing electrodes are installed . This ion density is established as an equilibrium between gas ionization and ion clearing . The transverse ion distributions are shown to strongly peak in the beam 's center , producing very nonlinear forces on the electron beam . We will analyze perturbations to the beam properties by these nonlinear fields . To obtain reasonable simulation speeds , we develop fast algorithms that take advantage of adiabatic invariants and scaling properties of Maxwell 's equations and the Lorentz force . Our results are very relevant for high current Energy Recovery Linacs , where ions are produced relatively quickly , and where clearing gaps in the electron beam can not easily be used for ion elimination . The examples in this paper therefore use parameters of the Cornell Energy Recovery Linac project . For simplicity we only consider the case of a circular electron beam of changing diameter . However , we parameterize this model to approximate non-round beams well . We find suitable places for clearing electrodes and compute the equilibrium ion density and its effect on electron-emittance growth and halo development . We find that it is not sufficient to place clearing electrodes only at the minimum of the electron beam potential where ions are accumulated .
