0711.3263	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech	Preferential survival in models of complex ad hoc networks	There has been a rich interplay in recent years between ( i ) empirical investigations of real world dynamic networks , ( ii ) analytical modeling of the microscopic mechanisms that drive the emergence of such networks , and ( iii ) harnessing of these mechanisms to either manipulate existing networks , or engineer new networks for specific tasks . We continue in this vein , and study the deletion phenomenon in the web by following two different sets of web-sites ( each comprising more than 150,000 pages ) over a one-year period . Empirical data show that there is a significant deletion component in the underlying web networks , but the deletion process is not uniform . This motivates us to introduce a new mechanism of preferential survival ( PS ) , where nodes are removed according to a degree-dependent deletion kernel . We use the mean-field rate equation approach to study a general dynamic model driven by Preferential Attachment ( PA ) , Double PA ( DPA ) , and a tunable PS , where c nodes ( c < 1 ) are deleted per node added to the network , and verify our predictions via large-scale simulations . One of our results shows that , unlike in the case of uniform deletion , the PS kernel when coupled with the standard PA mechanism , can lead to heavy-tailed power law networks even in the presence of extreme turnover in the network . Moreover , a weak DPA mechanism , coupled with PS , can help make the network even more heavy-tailed , especially in the limit when deletion and insertion rates are almost equal , and the overall network growth is minimal . The dynamics reported in this work can be used to design and engineer stable ad hoc networks and explain the stability of the power law exponents observed in real-world networks .
0711.3283	physics.geo-ph	Modeling river delta formation	A new model to simulate the time evolution of river delta formation process is presented . It is based on the continuity equation for water and sediment flow and a phenomenological sedimentation/ erosion law . Different delta types are reproduced using different parameters and erosion rules . The structures of the calculated patterns are analyzed in space and time and compared with real data patterns . Furthermore our model is capable to simulate the rich dynamics related to the switching of the mouth of the river delta . The simulation results are then compared with geological records for the Mississippi river .
0711.3293	physics.ed-ph	The dog-and-rabbit chase problem as an exercise in introductory kinematics	The purpose of this article is to present a simple solution of the classic dog-and-rabbit chase problem which emphasizes the use of concepts of elementary kinematics and , therefore , can be used in introductory mechanics course . The article is based on the teaching experience of introductory mechanics course at Novosibirsk State University for first year physics students which are just beginning to use advanced mathematical methods in physics problems . We hope it will be also useful for students and teachers at other universities too .
0711.3341	physics.ins-det	The DRIFT Directional Dark Matter Detector and First Studies of the Head-Tail Effect	Measurement of the direction of the elastic nuclear recoil track and ionization charge distribution along it , gives unique possibility for unambiguous detection of the dark matter WIMP particle . Within current radiation detection technologies only Time Projection Chambers filled with low pressure gas are capable of such measurement . Due to the character of the electronic and nuclear stopping powers of low energy nuclear recoils in the gas , an asymmetric ionization charge distribution along their tracks may be expected . Preliminary study of this effect , called Head-Tail , has been carried out here using the SRIM simulation program for Carbon and Sulfur in 40 Torr carbon disulfide , as relevant to the DRIFT detector . Investigations were focused on ion tracks projected onto the axis of the initial direction of motion in the energy range between 10 and 400 keV . Results indicate the likely existence of an asymmetry influenced by two competing effects : the nature of the stopping power and range straggling . The former tends to result in the Tail being greater than the Head and the latter the reverse . It has been found that for projected tracks the mean position of the ionization charge flows from 'head ' to 'tail ' with the magnitude depending on the ion type and its energy .
0711.3398	physics.ins-det	A prototype large-angle photon veto detector for the P326 experiment at CERN	The P326 experiment at the CERN SPS has been proposed with the purpose of measuring the branching ratio for the decay K^+ \to \pi^+ \nu \bar { \nu } to within 10 % . The photon veto system must provide a rejection factor of 10^8 for \pi^0 decays . We have explored two designs for the large-angle veto detectors , one based on scintillating tiles and the other using scintillating fibers . We have constructed a prototype module based on the fiber solution and evaluated its performance using low-energy electron beams from the Frascati Beam-Test Facility . For comparison , we have also tested a tile prototype constructed for the CKM experiment , as well as lead-glass modules from the OPAL electromagnetic barrel calorimeter . We present results on the linearity , energy resolution , and time resolution obtained with the fiber prototype , and compare the detection efficiency for electrons obtained with all three instruments .
0711.3470	physics.optics	Scattering-free plasmonic optics with anisotropic metamaterials	We develop an approach to utilize anisotropic metamaterials to solve one of the fundamental problems of modern plasmonics -- parasitic scattering of surface waves into free-space modes , opening the road to truly two-dimensional plasmonic optics . We illustrate the developed formalism on examples of plasmonic refractor and plasmonic crystal , and discuss limitations of the developed technique and its possible applications for sensing and imaging structures , high-performance mode couplers , optical cloaking structures , and dynamically reconfigurable electro-plasmonic circuits .
