0708.2762	physics.ins-det	Digital Frequency Domain Multiplexer for mm-Wavelength Telescopes	An FPGA based digital signal processing ( DSP ) system for biasing and reading out multiplexed bolometric detectors for mm-wavelength telescopes is presented . This readout system is being deployed for balloon-borne and ground based cosmology experiments with the primary goal of measuring the signature of inflation with the Cosmic Microwave Background Radiation . The system consists of analog superconducting electronics running at 250mK and 4K , coupled to digital room temperature backend electronics described here . The digital electronics perform the real time functionality with DSP algorithms implemented in firmware . A soft embedded processor provides all of the slow housekeeping control and communications . Each board in the system synthesizes multi-frequency combs of 8 to 32 carriers in the MHz band to bias the detectors . After the carriers have been modulated with the sky-signal by the detectors , the same boards digitize the comb directly . The carriers are mixed down to base-band and low pass filtered . The signal bandwidth of 0.050 Hz - 100 Hz places extreme requirements on stability and requires powerful filtering techniques to recover the sky-signal from the MHz carriers .
0708.2780	physics.plasm-ph	Ion dynamics and coherent structure formation following laser pulse self-channeling	The propagation of a superintense laser pulse in an underdense , inhomogeneous plasma has been studied numerically by two-dimensional particle-in-cell simulations on a time scale extending up to several picoseconds . The effects of the ion dynamics following the charge-displacement self-channeling of the laser pulse have been addressed . Radial ion acceleration leads to the `` breaking '' of the plasma channel walls , causing an inversion of the radial space-charge field and the filamentation of the laser pulse . At later times a number of long-lived , quasi-periodic field structures are observed and their dynamics is characterized with high resolution . Inside the plasma channel , a pattern of electric and magnetic fields resembling both soliton- and vortex-like structures is observed .
0708.2781	physics.gen-ph	Comment on `` Entropy production and the arrow of time ''	J.M.R . Parrondo at al . in arXiv:0904.1573 continue numerous efforts to unify the concepts of the arrow of time and entropy production with the concept of time invariance in physics . This is a wrong way .
0708.2814	physics.atm-clus cond-mat.mtrl-sci physics.comp-ph	Polarizability of molecular chains : does one need exact exchange ?	Standard density functional approximations greatly over-estimate the static polarizability of longchain polymers , but Hartree-Fock or exact exchange calculations do not . Simple self-interaction corrected ( SIC ) approximations can be even better than exact exchange , while their computational cost can scale only linearly with the number of occupied orbitals .
0708.2837	physics.class-ph cond-mat.stat-mech gr-qc physics.gen-ph quant-ph	The Physics of Information	We review of the interface between ( theoretical ) physics and information for non-experts . The origin of information as related to the notion of entropy is described , first in the context of thermodynamics then in the context of statistical mechanics . A close examination of the foundations of statistical mechanics and the need to reconcile the probabilistic and deterministic views of the world leads us to a discussion of chaotic dynamics , where information plays a crucial role in quantifying predictability . We then discuss a variety of fundamental issues that emerge in defining information and how one must exercise care in discussing concepts such as order , disorder , and incomplete knowledge . We also discuss an alternative form of entropy and its possible relevance for nonequilibrium thermodynamics . In the final part of the paper we discuss how quantum mechanics gives rise to the very different concept of quantum information . Entirely new possibilities for information storage and computation are possible due to the massive parallel processing inherent in quantum mechanics . We also point out how entropy can be extended to apply to quantum mechanics to provide a useful measurement for quantum entanglement . Finally we make a small excursion to the interface betweeen quantum theory and general relativity , where one is confronted with an `` ultimate information paradox '' posed by the physics of Black Holes . In this review we have limited ourselves ; not all relevant topics that touch on physics and information could be covered .
0708.2844	physics.plasm-ph physics.acc-ph	Dynamics of Femtosecond Electron Bunches	In the laser wakefield accelerator ( LWFA ) a short intense laser pulse , with a duration of the order of a plasma wave period , excites an unusually strong plasma wake wave ( laser wakefield ) . Recent experiments on laser wakefield acceleration [ Nature ( London ) 431 , p.535 , p.538 , p.541 ( 2004 ) ] demonstrated generation of ultra-short ( with a duration of a few femtoseconds ) relativistic electron bunches with relatively low energy spread of the order of a few percent . We have studied the dynamics of such bunches in vacuum and in laser wakefield . The results show strong bunch dynamics already on a few millimeters propagation distance in both cases . In vacuum , the bunch radius and emittance quickly grow . The latter worsens the focusability of the bunch . We found that when a femtosecond bunch is accelerated in a channel-guided laser wakefield , for realistic bunch lengths , the bunch length is approximately conserved . However , the spread in betatron frequencies leads to fast betatron phase mixing in the bunch envelope for on-axis injection . When bunch is injected in a laser wakefield off-axis , the bunch decoherence results in considerable increase in the normalized bunch emittance , and , in some cases , in increase in the energy spread , after acceleration . We also discuss a possible two-stage laser wakefield accelerator .
0708.2855	physics.hist-ph physics.ed-ph	Ettore Majorana 's Scientific ( and Human ) Personality	This article , in English , represents part of the invited talk delivered by the author at the `` Internat.Conf.Majorana Legacy and Phys . XXI century '' held at Dep . of Phys. , University of Catania , Italy , in Oct.2006 : Conference organized for celebrating the 100th anniversary of the birth ( in Catania ) of the Italian theoretical physicist Ettore Majorana ; probably the brightest Italian theoretician of the XX century ( Enrico Fermi regarded him as the brightest in the world of his time ) , even if to some people Majorana is still known chiefly for his mysterious disappearance , in 1938 , when he was 31 . In this writing we outline the significance of his main publications , as well as his life : The biographical data being based on letters , documents , testimonies discovered or collected by the author during almost 30 years , and contained in the book by E.Recami , `` Il Caso Majorana : Epistolario , Testimonianze , Documenti '' ( initially published , in 1987 and 1991 , by Mondadori , Milan , and presenly published , in 2002 , by Di Renzo Editore , Rome : http : //www.direnzo.it ) . At last , some information and comments are added with regard to the scientific manuscripts left unpublished by Majorana . -- -- - Ettore Majorana : Un cenno alle sue Opere ( e Vita ) . Il secondo articolo rappresenta la versione italiana di parte del seminario su invito tenuto dall'autore alla `` Internat.Conf.Majorana 's Legacy and Phys . of XXI Century '' che ha avuto luogo nell'ottobre 2006 presso il Dip . di Fis . della Univ . di Catania : Conferenza organizzata per celebrare il centenario della nascita ( a Catania ) del fisico teorico Ettore Majorana ; probabilmente il piu` geniale teorico italiano del XX secolo ( Enrico Fermi lo considero` il piu` brillante del suo tempo nel mondo ) , anche se a qualcuno Majorana e` ancora noto soprattutto per la sua misteriosa scomparsa , avvenuta nel 1938 , quando aveva 31 anni . In questo scritto descriviamo in sintesi tanto il significato delle sue piu` importanti pubblicazioni , quanto la sua vita : i dati biografici essendo basati su lettere , documenti , testimonianze scoperti o raccolti dall'autore durante quasi 30 anni , e contenuti nel libro di E.Recami : `` Il Caso Majorana : Epistolario , Testimonianze , Documenti '' ( pubblicato inizialmente da Mondadori , Milano , nel 1987 e 1991 , e al presente pubblicato , nel 2002 , da Di Renzo Editore , Roma : http : //www.direnzo.it ) . Infine , si aggiungono informazioni e commenti circa i manoscritti scientifici lasciti inediti dal Majorana .
0708.2869	physics.comp-ph cond-mat.other physics.chem-ph	Nonlinearity in the dynamics of photoinduced nucleation process	Nonlinear dynamics of photoinduced cooperative phenomena is studied by numerical calculations on a model of molecular crystals . We found that the photoinduced nucleation process is triggered only when certain amount of excitation energy is supplied in a narrow part of the system , i.e. , there exists a smallest cluster of excited molecules which makes the nucleation possible . As a result , the portion of the cooperatively converted molecules is nonlinearly dependent on the photoexcitation strength , which has been observed in various materials .
0708.2879	physics.data-an physics.gen-ph	On Shannon-Jaynes Entropy and Fisher Information	The fundamentals of the Maximum Entropy principle as a rule for assigning and updating probabilities are revisited . The Shannon-Jaynes relative entropy is vindicated as the optimal criterion for use with an updating rule . A constructive rule is justified which assigns the probabilities least sensitive to coarse-graining . The implications of these developments for interpreting physics laws as rules of inference upon incomplete information are briefly discussed .
0708.2906	physics.ed-ph gr-qc hep-th	The general relativistic infinite plane	Uniform fields are one of the simplest and most pedagogically useful examples in introductory courses on electrostatics or Newtonian gravity . In general relativity there have been several proposals as to what constitutes a uniform field . In this article we examine two metrics that can be considered the general relativistic version of the infinite plane with finite mass per unit area . The first metric is the 4D version of the 5D `` brane '' world models which are the starting point for many current research papers . The second case is the cosmological domain wall metric . We examine to what extent these different metrics match or deviate from our Newtonian intuition about the gravitational field of an infinite plane . These solutions provide the beginning student in general relativity both computational practice and conceptual insight into Einstein 's field equations . In addition they do this by introducing the student to material that is at the forefront of current research .
0708.2922	physics.atom-ph physics.plasm-ph	Recombination fluorescence in ultracold neutral plasmas	We present the first measurements and simulations of recombination fluorescence in ultracold neutral plasmas . In contrast with previous work , experiment and simulation are in significant disagreement . Comparison with a recombination model suggests that the disagreement could be due to the high energy portion of the electron energy distribution or to large energy changes in electron/Rydberg scattering . Recombination fluorescence opens a new diagnostic window in ultracold plasmas because it probes the deeply-bound Rydberg levels , which depend critically on electron energetics .
0708.2923	physics.soc-ph	Continuous opinion dynamics of multidimensional allocation problems under bounded confidence : More dimensions lead to better chances for consensus	We study multidimensional continuous opinion dynamics , where opinions are nonnegative vectors which components sum up to one . Examples of such opinions are budgets or other allocation vectors which display a distribution of a fixed amount of ressource to n projects . We use the opinion dynamics models of Deffuant-Weisbuch and Hegselmann-Krause , which both extend naturally to more dimensional opinions . They both rely on bounded confidence of the agents and differ in their communication regime . We show detailed simulation results regarding $ n=2 , ... ,8 $ and the bound of confidence $ \eps $ . Number , location and size of opinion clusters in the stabilized opinion profiles are of interest . Known differences of both models repeat under higher opinion dimensions : Higher number of clusters and more minor clusters in the Deffuant-Weisbuch model , meta-stable states in the Hegselmann-Krause model . But surprisingly , higher dimensions lead to better chances for a vast majority consensus even for lower bounds of confidence . On the other hand , the number of minority clusters rises with n , too .
0708.2925	physics.atom-ph nucl-ex	Using Molecules to Measure Nuclear Spin-Dependent Parity Violation	Nuclear spin-dependent parity violation arises from weak interactions between electrons and nucleons , and from nuclear anapole moments . We outline a method to measure such effects , using a Stark-interference technique to determine the mixing between opposite-parity rotational/hyperfine levels of ground-state molecules . The technique is applicable to nuclei over a wide range of atomic number , in diatomic species that are theoretically tractable for interpretation . This should provide data on anapole moments of many nuclei , and on previously unmeasured neutral weak couplings .
0708.2927	physics.gen-ph	The VSL Discussion : What Does Variable Speed of Light Mean and Should we be Allowed to Think About ?	In the past years , variable speed of light ( VSL ) theories have been of growing interest but also a subject of controversial discussion . They have been accused both for tautologies and for violating special relativity , and concerns have been expressed about the validity of such approaches in general ( e.g . Ellis , astro-ph/0703751 ) . Without trying completeness on the issue , the example of Einstein 's VSL attempts ( 1911 ) and Dicke 's `electromagnetic ' theory ( 1957 ) are urges to give some comments on the above criticism .
0708.2952	physics.optics	QED of excitons with nonlocal susceptibility in arbitrary-structured dielectrics	We have constructed a complete quantum theory for an optical process of excitons with nonlocal susceptibility originating from their center-of-mass motion . This theory provides a practical calculation method for arbitrary-structured nano-to-macro scale dielectrics where excitons are weakly confined . We obtain good correspondences with underlying theories , semiclassical microscopic nonlocal theory , and QED theories for dispersive and absorptive materials with local susceptibility .
0708.3011	physics.ins-det	The design and performance of the ZEUS Micro Vertex detector	In order to extend the tracking acceptance , to improve the primary and secondary vertex reconstruction and thus enhancing the tagging capabilities for short lived particles , the ZEUS experiment at the HERA Collider at DESY installed a silicon strip vertex detector . The barrel part of the detector is a 63 cm long cylinder with silicon sensors arranged around an elliptical beampipe . The forward part consists of four circular shaped disks . In total just over 200k channels are read out using $ 2.9 { \rm m^2 } $ of silicon . In this report a detailed overview of the design and construction of the detector is given and the performance of the completed system is reviewed .
