0711.2774	physics.gen-ph	Mathematical Constraints on Gauge in Maxwellian Electrodynamics	The structure of classical electrodynamics based on the variational principle together with causality and space-time homogeneity is analyzed . It is proved that in this case the 4-potentials are defined uniquely . On the other hand , the approach where Maxwell equations and the Lorentz law of force are regarded as cornerstones of the theory allows gauge transformations . For this reason , the two theories are not equivalent . A simple example substantiates this conclusion . Quantum physics is linked to the variational principle and it is proved that the same result holds for it . The compatibility of this conclusion with gauge invariance of the Lagrangian density is explained . Several alternative possibilities that may follow this work are pointed out .
0711.2781	physics.gen-ph gr-qc	Simulation of the flyby anomaly by means of an empirical asymmetric gravitational field with definite spatial orientation	All anomalous velocity increases until now observed during the Earth flybys of the spacecrafts Galileo , NEAR , Rosetta , Cassini and Messenger have been correctly calculated by computer simulation using an asymmetric field term in addition to the Newtonian gravitational field . The specific characteristic of this term is the lack of coupling to the rotation of the Earth or to the direction of other gravitational sources such as the Sun or Moon . Instead , the asymmetry is oriented in the direction of the Earth 's motion within an assumed unique reference frame . With this assumption , the simulation results of the Earth flybys Galileo1 , NEAR , Rosetta1 and Cassini hit the observed nominal values , while for the flybys Galileo2 and Messenger , which for different reasons are measured with uncertain anomaly values , the simulated anomalies are within plausible ranges . Furthermore , the shape of the simulated anomaly curve is in qualitative agreement with the measured Doppler residuals immediately following the perigee of the first Earth flyby of Galileo . Based on the simulation , an estimation is made for possible anomalies of the recently carried out flybys of Rosetta at Mars on 25.02.07 and at the Earth on 13.11.07 , and for the forthcoming Earth flyby on 13.11.09 . It is discussed , why a so modelled gravitational field has not been discovered until now by analysis of the orbits of Earth satellites , and what consequences are to be considered with respect to General Relativity .
0711.2782	physics.plasm-ph	Interrelation of fast and slow electron waves at propagation of electromagnetic waves in Maxwellian collisionless plasma	It is shown in linear approximation that in the case of one-dimensional problem of transverse electron waves in a half-infinite slab of homogeneous Maxwellian collisionless plasma with the given boundary field frequency two wave branches of solution of the dispersion equation are simultaneously realizing . These are the branch of fast forward waves determined mainly by Maxwell equations of electromagnetic field , as well as the branch of forward and backward slow waves determined in the whole by kinetic properties of electrons in the collective electrical field . The physical nature of wave movements is revealed . A relation is found between electric field amplitudes of fast and slow waves . Multiform dividing the coupled slow waves into standing and traveling parts leads to a necessity of additional requirements to a selection of the type of a device analyzing these waves and its response interpretation .
0711.2790	physics.gen-ph physics.class-ph	Problem with the Derivation of the Navier-Stokes Equation by Means of Zwanzig-Mori Projection Technique of Statistical Mechanics	The derivation of the Navier-Stokes equation starting from the Liouville equation using projection techniques yields a friction term which is nonlinear in the velocity . Using the results of multilinear mode-coupling technique for calculating equlibrium correlation functions , it is shown that the second-order part of the term is non-zero , thus leading to an incorrect formula for the equation .
0711.2829	physics.flu-dyn nlin.CD	Spectral scaling of the Leray- $ \alpha $ model for two-dimensional turbulence	We present data from high-resolution numerical simulations of the Navier-Stokes- $ \alpha $ and the Leray- $ \alpha $ models for two-dimensional turbulence . It was shown previously ( Lunasin et al. , J. Turbulence , 8 , ( 2007 ) , 751-778 ) , that for wavenumbers $ k $ such that $ k\alpha\gg 1 $ , the energy spectrum of the smoothed velocity field for the two-dimensional Navier-Stokes- $ \alpha $ ( NS- $ \alpha $ ) model scales as $ k^ { -7 } $ . This result is in agreement with the scaling deduced by dimensional analysis of the flux of the conserved enstrophy using its characteristic time scale . We therefore hypothesize that the spectral scaling of any $ \alpha $ -model in the sub- $ \alpha $ spatial scales must depend only on the characteristic time scale and dynamics of the dominant cascading quantity in that regime of scales . The data presented here , from simulations of the two-dimensional Leray- $ \alpha $ model , confirm our hypothesis . We show that for $ k\alpha\gg 1 $ , the energy spectrum for the two-dimensional Leray- $ \alpha $ scales as $ k^ { -5 } $ , as expected by the characteristic time scale for the flux of the conserved enstrophy of the Leray- $ \alpha $ model . These results lead to our conclusion that the dominant directly cascading quantity of the model equations must determine the scaling of the energy spectrum .
