0704.3781	physics.flu-dyn	Matrix Exponential-Based Closures for the Turbulent Subgrid-Scale Stress Tensor	Two approaches for closing the turbulence subgrid-scale stress tensor in terms of matrix exponentials are introduced and compared . The first approach is based on a formal solution of the stress transport equation in which the production terms can be integrated exactly in terms of matrix exponentials . This formal solution of the subgrid-scale stress transport equation is shown to be useful to explore special cases , such as the response to constant velocity gradient , but neglecting pressure-strain correlations and diffusion effects . The second approach is based on an Eulerian-Lagrangian change of variables , combined with the assumption of isotropy for the conditionally averaged Lagrangian velocity gradient tensor and with the `Recent Fluid Deformation' ( RFD ) approximation . It is shown that both approaches lead to the same basic closure in which the stress tensor is expressed as the product of the matrix exponential of the resolved velocity gradient tensor multiplied by its transpose . Short-time expansions of the matrix exponentials are shown to provide an eddy-viscosity term and particular quadratic terms , and thus allow a reinterpretation of traditional eddy-viscosity and nonlinear stress closures . The basic feasibility of the matrix-exponential closure is illustrated by implementing it successfully in Large Eddy Simulation of forced isotropic turbulence . The matrix-exponential closure employs the drastic approximation of entirely omitting the pressure-strain correlation and other `nonlinear scrambling ' terms . But unlike eddy-viscosity closures , the matrix exponential approach provides a simple and local closure that can be derived directly from the stress transport equation with the production term , and using physically motivated assumptions about Lagrangian decorrelation and upstream isotropy .
0704.3809	physics.bio-ph physics.optics	Single NanoParticle Photothermal Tracking ( SNaPT ) of 5 nm gold beads in live cells	Tracking individual nano-objets in live cells during arbitrary long times is an ubiquitous need in modern biology . We present here a method for tracking individual 5 nm gold nanoparticles on live cells . It relies on the photothermal effect and the detection of the Laser Induced Scattering around a NanoAbsorber ( LISNA ) . The key point for recording trajectories at video rate is the use of a triangulation procedure . The effectiveness of the method is tested against Single fluorescent Molecule Tracking in live COS7 cells on subsecond time scales . We further demonstrate recordings for several minutes of AMPA receptors trajectories on the plasma membrane of live neurons . SNaPT has the unique potential to record arbitrary long trajectory of membrane proteins using non-fluorescent nanometer sized labels .
0704.3814	physics.optics cond-mat.other	Observation of intrinsic size effects in the optical response of individual gold nanoparticles	The Photothermal Heterodyne Imaging method is used to study for the first time the absorption spectra of individual gold nanoparticles with diameters down to 5 nm . Intrinsic size effects wich result in a broadening of the Surface Plasmon resonance are unambiguously observed . Dispersions in the peak energies and homogeneous widths of the single particle resonances are revealed . The experimental results are analysed within the frame of Mie theory .
0704.3815	physics.optics cond-mat.other	Photothermal Absorption Spectroscopy of Individual Semiconductor Nanocrystals	Photothermal heterodyne detection is used to record the first room-temperature absorption spectra of single CdSe/ZnS semiconductor nanocrystals . These spectra are recorded in the high cw excitation regime , and the observed bands are assigned to transitions involving biexciton and trion states . Comparison with the single nanocrystals photoluminescence spectra leads to the measurement of spectral Stokes shifts free from ensemble averaging .
0704.3816	physics.optics physics.bio-ph	Single metallic nanoparticle imaging for protein detection in cells	We performed a visualization of membrane proteins labeled with 10-nm gold nanoparticles in cells , using an all-optical method based on photothermal interference contrast . The high sensitivity of the method and the stability of the signals allows 3D imaging of individual nanoparticles without the drawbacks of photobleaching and blinking inherent to fluorescent markers . A simple analytical model is derived to account for the measurements of the signal amplitude and the spatial resolution . The photothermal interference contrast method provides an efficient , reproducible , and promising way to visualize low amounts of proteins in cells by optical means .
