0711.3679	physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph	Scaling Law for Radius of Gyration and Its Dependence on Hydrophobicity	Scaling law for geometrical and dynamical quantities of biological molecules is an interesting topic . According to Flory 's theory , a power law between radius of gyration and the length of homopolymer chain is found , with exponent 3/5 for good solvent and 1/3 for poor solvent . For protein in physiological condition , a solvent condition in between , a power law with exponent ~2/5 is obtained . In this paper , we present a unified formula to cover all above cases . It shows that the scaling exponents are generally correlated with fractal dimension of a chain under certain solvent condition . While applying our formula to protein , the fractal dimension is found to depend on its hydrophobicity . By turning a physical process-varying hydrophobicity of a chain by amino acid mutation , to an equivalent chemical process-varying polarity of solvent by adding polar or nonpolar molecules , we successfully deprive this relation , with reasonable agreement to statistical data . And it will be helpful for protein structure prediction . Our results indicate that the protein may share the same basic principle with homopolymer , despite its specificity as a heteropolymer .
0711.3698	physics.class-ph	Some results on ideal impacts of billiard balls	We analyze the impact of two equal billiard balls in three ideal situations : when the balls freely slide on the plane of the billiard , when they roll without sliding and when one of them freely slides and the other rolls . In all the cases we suppose that the contact between the balls is smooth . We base our analysis on some recent general theoretical results on ideal impacts obtained by means of Differential Geometric Impulsive Mechanics . We use symbolic computation software to solve the computational difficulties arising by the high number of degrees of freedom of the system . Some particular but significative impacts , with opportunely assigned left velocities and positions of the balls , are analyzed in details . The results admit easy interpretations that turn out to be in good agreement with the reasonable forecasts and the behaviours of real systems .
0711.3701	physics.gen-ph	q-deformed Lie algebras and fractional calculus	Fractional calculus and q-deformed Lie algebras are closely related . Both concepts expand the scope of standard Lie algebras to describe generalized symmetries . For the fractional harmonic oscillator , the corresponding q-number is derived . It is shown , that the resulting energy spectrum is an appropriate tool e.g . to describe the ground state spectra of even-even nuclei . In addition , the equivalence of rotational and vibrational spectra for fractional q-deformed Lie algebras is shown and the $ B_\alpha ( E2 ) $ values for the fractional q-deformed symmetric rotor are calculated .
0711.3704	physics.bio-ph	Acoustic Features and Perceptive Cues of Songs and Dialogues in Whistled Speech : Convergences with Sung Speech	Whistled speech is a little studied local use of language shaped by several cultures of the world either for distant dialogues or for rendering traditional songs . This practice consists of an emulation of the voice thanks to a simple modulated pitch . It is therefore the result of a transformation of the vocal signal that implies simplifications in the frequency domain . The whistlers adapt their productions to the way each language combines the qualities of height perceived simultaneously by the human ear in the complex frequency spectrum of the spoken or sung voice ( pitch , timbre ) . As a consequence , this practice underlines key acoustic cues for the intelligibility of the concerned languages . The present study provides an analysis of the acoustic and phonetic features selected by whistled speech in several traditions either in purely oral whistles ( Spanish , Turkish , Mazatec ) or in whistles produced with an instrument like a leaf ( Akha , Hmong ) . It underlines the convergences with the strategies of the singing voice to reach the audience or to render the phonetic information carried by the vowel ( tone , identity ) and some aesthetic effects like ornamentation .
0711.3710	physics.soc-ph	Robustness of the European power grids under intentional attack	The power grid defines one of the most important technological networks of our times and sustains our complex society . It has evolved for more than a century into an extremely huge and seemingly robust and well understood system . But it becomes extremely fragile as well , when unexpected , usually minimal , failures turn into unknown dynamical behaviours leading , for example , to sudden and massive blackouts . Here we explore the fragility of the European power grid under the effect of selective node removal . A mean field analysis of fragility against attacks is presented together with the observed patterns . Deviations from the theoretical conditions for network percolation ( and fragmentation ) under attacks are analysed and correlated with non topological reliability measures .
0711.3720	physics.ao-ph	How unusual was autumn 2006 in Europe ?	The temperatures in large parts of Europe have been record high during the meteorological autumn of 2006 . Compared to 1961-1990 , the 2m temperature was more than three degrees Celsius above normal from the North side of the Alps to southern Norway . This made it by far the warmest autumn on record in the United Kingdom , Belgium , the Netherlands , Denmark , Germany and Switzerland , with the records in Central England going back to 1659 , in the Netherlands to 1706 and in Denmark to 1768 . Assuming that the mean of the temperature distribution changes proportional to the global mean temperature , but the shape remains the same includes to first order the effects of global warming . Even under this assumption the autumn temperatures were very unusual , with estimates of the return time of 200 to 2000 years in this region . The lower bound of the 95 % confidence interval is more than 100 to 300 years . Climate models that simulate the current atmospheric circulation well underestimate the observed mean rise in autumn temperatures . They do not simulate a change in the shape of the distribution that would increase the probability of warm events under global warming . This implies that the warm autumn 2006 either was a very rare coincidence , or the local temperature rise is much stronger than modelled , or non-linear physics that is missing from these models increases the probability of warm extremes .
0711.3725	physics.plasm-ph hep-ph	Femtosecond non-equilibrium dynamics of clusters irradiated with short intense VUV pulses	The kinetic Boltzmann equation is used to model the non-equilibrium ionization phase that initiates the evolution of atomic clusters irradiated with single pulses of intense vacuum ultraviolet radiation . The duration of the pulses is < 50 fs and their intensity in the focus is < 10^ { 14 } W/cm^2 . This statistical model includes various processes contributing to the sample dynamics at this particular radiation wavelength , and is computationally efficient also for large samples . Two effects are investigated in detail : the impact of the electron heating rate and the effect of the plasma environment on the overall ionization dynamics . Results on the maximal ion charge , the average ion charge and the average energy absorbed per atom estimated with this model are compared to the experimental data obtained at the free-electron-laser facility FLASH at DESY . Our analysis confirms that the dynamics within the irradiated samples is complex , and the total ionization rate is the resultant of various processes . In particular , within the theoretical framework defined in this model the high charge states as observed in experiment can not be obtained with the standard heating rates derived with Coulomb atomic potentials . Such high charge states can be created with the enhanced heating rates derived with the effective atomic potentials . The modification of ionization potentials by plasma environment is found to have less effect on the ionization dynamics than the electron heating rate . We believe that our results are a step towards better understanding the dynamics within the samples irradiated with intense VUV radiation .
0711.3751	physics.ins-det	Triple GEM Detectors for the Forward Tracker in STAR	Future measurements of the flavor-separated spin structure of the proton via parity-violating W boson production at RHIC require an upgrade of the forward tracking system of the STAR detector . This upgrade will allow the reconstruction of the charge sign of electrons and positrons produced from decaying W bosons . A design based on six large area triple GEM disks using GEM foils produced by Tech-Etch Inc. has emerged as a cost-effective solution to provide the necessary tracking precision . We report first results from a beam test of three test detectors using Tech-Etch produced GEM foils and a laser etched two dimensional strip readout . The detectors show good operational stability , high efficiency and a spacial resolution of around 70 um or better , exceeding the requirements for the forward tracking upgrade . The influence of the angle of incidence of the particles on the spatial resolution of the detectors has also been studied in detail .
0711.3786	physics.med-ph q-bio.NC	Suppl\'eance perceptive par \'electro-stimulation linguale embarqu\'ee : perspectives pour la pr\'evention des escarres chez le bless\'e m\'edullaire	We introduce the innovative technologies , based on the concept of `` sensory substitution '' , we are developing in the fields of biomedical engineering and human disability . Precisely , our goal is to design , develop and validate practical assistive biomedical and/or technical devices and/or rehabilitating procedures for persons with disabilities , using artificial tongue-placed tactile biofeedback systems . This paper proposes an application for pressure sores prevention in case of spinal cord injuries ( persons with paraplegia , or tetraplegia ) .
0711.3804	physics.ed-ph	Sheep Collisions : the Good , the Bad , and the TBI	The title page of Chapter 9 in Fundamentals of Physics ( Halliday , Resnick , and Walker , 8th Edition , p. 201 ) shows a dramatic photograph of two Big Horn sheep butting heads and promises to explain how sheep survive such violent clashes without serious injury . However , the answer presented in sample problem 9-4 ( p. 213 ) errs in presuming an interaction time of 0.27 s which results in an unrealistically long stopping distance of 0.62 m. Furthermore , the assertion that the horns provide necessary cushioning of the blow is inconsistent with the absence of concussions in domestic breeds of hornless sheep . Results from traumatic brain injury ( TBI ) research allow acceleration tolerance of sheep to be estimated as 450 g facilitating an analysis of sheep collisions that is more consistent with available observations ( stopping distance less than 1 cm , impact time of roughly 2 ms ) .
0711.3815	physics.optics cond-mat.mtrl-sci	Optimisation of sample thickness for THz-TDS measurements	How thick should the sample be for a transmission THz-TDS measurement ? Should the sample be as thick as possible ? The answer is `no ' . Although more thickness allows T-rays to interact more with bulk material , SNR rolls off with thickness due to signal attenuation . Then , should the sample be extremely thin ? Again , the answer is `no ' . A sample that is too thin renders itself nearly invisible to T-rays , in such a way that the system can hardly sense the difference between the sample and a free space path . So , where is the optimal boundary between `too thick ' and `too thin ' ? The trade-off is analysed and revealed in this paper , where our approach is to find the optimal thickness that results in the minimal variance of measured optical constants .
