0709.1333	physics.acc-ph	R & D Status of ATF2 IP Beam Size Monitor ( Shintake Monitor )	Shintake monitor is a nanometer-scale electron beam size monitor . It probes a electron beam by an interference fringe pattern formed by split laser beams . Minimum measurable beam size by this method is less than 1/10 of laser wavelength . In ATF2 , Shintake monitor will be used for the IP beam size monitor to measure 37 nm ( design ) beam size . Development status of the Shintake monitor , including fringe phase monitoring and stabilization , gamma detector and collimators , is described . In addition , we discuss the beam size measurement by Shintake monitor in ILC .
0709.1346	physics.ins-det	A MAPS-based Digital Electromagnetic Calorimeter for the ILC	A novel design for a silicon-tungsten electromagnetic calorimeter is described , based on Monolithic Active Pixel Sensors ( MAPS ) . A test sensor with a pixel size of 50x50 um2 has been fabricated in July 2007 . The simulation of the physical sensor is done using a detailed three-dimensional charge spread algorithm . Physics studies of the sensor are done including a digitisation algorithm taking into account the charge sharing , charge collection efficiency , noise , and dead areas . The influence of the charge sharing effect is found to be important and hence needs to be measured precisely .
0709.1358	physics.chem-ph physics.atom-ph	Mori-Zwanzig Equations With Time-Dependent Liouvillian	We extend the Mori-Zwanzig equations to the case where the Liouvillian is time-dependent by way of a Dyson identity due to Holian and Evans . This extension makes it possible to treat , for example , more general cases of continuous-wave ( cw ) or pulsed irradiation in NMR and coherent optics . The formalism immediately allows for reference frame changes and approximations based on coherent averaging .
0709.1360	physics.ins-det physics.data-an	Progress with Particle Flow Calorimetry	One of the most important requirements for a detector at the ILC is good jet energy resolution . It is widely believed that the particle flow approach to calorimetry is the key to achieving the ILC goal of a di-jet invariant mass resolution sigma_m/m < Gamma_Z/m_Z . This paper describes the current performance of the PandoraPFA particle flow algorithm . For simulated light quark jets in the Tesla TDR detector , the jet energy resolution achieved is better than sigma_E/E ~ 3.4 % for jet energies in the range 45-250 GeV . This represents the first demonstration that Particle Flow Calorimetry can reach the ILC jet energy resolution goals .
0709.1363	physics.atom-ph astro-ph	Electron-ion recombination of Si IV forming Si III : Storage-ring measurement and multiconfiguration Dirac-Fock calculations	The electron-ion recombination rate coefficient for Si IV forming Si III was measured at the heavy-ion storage-ring TSR . The experimental electron-ion collision energy range of 0-186 eV encompassed the 2p ( 6 ) nl n'l ' dielectronic recombination ( DR ) resonances associated with 3s to nl core excitations , 2s 2p ( 6 ) 3s nl n'l ' resonances associated with 2s to nl ( n=3,4 ) core excitations , and 2p ( 5 ) 3s nl n'l ' resonances associated with 2p to nl ( n=3 , ... , infinity ) core excitations . The experimental DR results are compared with theoretical calculations using the multiconfiguration Dirac-Fock ( MCDF ) method for DR via the 3s to 3p n'l ' and 3s to 3d n'l ' ( both n'=3 , ... ,6 ) and 2p ( 5 ) 3s 3l n'l' ( n'=3,4 ) capture channels . Finally , the experimental and theoretical plasma DR rate coefficients for Si IV forming Si III are derived and compared with previously available results .
0709.1379	physics.class-ph math.AP physics.ao-ph	Enhancement of the Benjamin-Feir instability with dissipation	It is shown that there is an overlooked mechanism whereby some kinds of dissipation can enhance the Benjamin-Feir instability of water waves . This observation is new , and although it is counterintuitive , it is due to the fact that the Benjamin-Feir instability involves the collision of modes with opposite energy sign ( relative to the carrier wave ) , and it is the negative energy perturbations which are enhanced .
0709.1387	physics.hist-ph gr-qc	Kurt Goedel and His Universe	A portrait of Kurt Goedel with emphasis on his work on relativity theory and idealistic philosophy .
0709.1405	physics.med-ph	Degrees of freedom of tongue movements in speech may be constrained by biomechanics	A number of studies carried out on different languages have found that tongue movements in speech are made along two primary degrees of freedom ( d.f.s ) : the high-front to low-back axis and the high-back to low-front axis . We explore the hypothesis that these two main d.f.s could find their origins in the physical properties of the vocal tract . A large set of tongue shapes was generated with a biomechanical tongue model using a Monte-Carlo method to thoroughly sample the muscle control space . The resulting shapes were analyzed with PCA . The first two factors explain 84 % of the variance , and they are similar to the two experimentally observed d.f.s . This finding suggests that the d.f.s . are not speech-specific , and that speech takes advantage of biomechanically based tongue properties to form different sounds .
0709.1407	physics.gen-ph	Wave-packet view of the Dirac electron	By viewing the electron as a wavepacket in the positive energy spectrum of the Dirac equation , we are able to achieve a much clearer understanding of its behavior under weak electromagnetic fields . The intrinsic spin magnetic moment is found to be established from the self-rotation of the wavepacket . A non-canonical structure is also exhibited in the equations of motion due to non- Abelian geometric phases of the Dirac spinors . The wavepacket energy can be expressed simply in terms of the kinetic , electrostatic , and Zeeman terms only . This can be transformed into an effective quantum Hamiltonian by a novel scheme , and reproduces the Pauli Hamiltonian with all-order relativistic corrections .
0709.1418	physics.flu-dyn	Shock minimized supersonic flight by heating	Bow shocks radiate a lot of energy away around supersonic objects in air . To minimize such waves is urgent for fast aircraft . Heat experiments exist where air drag is minimized . Here is a theoretical description of how shocks can be prevented by special distribution of heating .
0709.1442	physics.optics cond-mat.soft quant-ph	Light-matter interaction in Mie nanolasers	By deriving a three dimensional vector set of Maxwell-Bloch equations , we report on an ab-initio investigation of a spherical Mie nanolaser . Parallel numerical simulations predict a rich physical scenario , ranging from a nontrivial vectorial energy-matter interplay in the initial stage of evolution to mode competition and dynamical frequency pulling effects . Application of these effects could favor the realization of nonlinearly-controlled largely-tunable nanolaser devices .
0709.1464	physics.comp-ph physics.flu-dyn	Discrete Rotational Symmetry , Moment Isotropy , and High Order Lattice Boltzmann Models	Conventional lattice Boltzmann models only satisfy moment isotropy up to fourth order . In order to accurately describe improtant physical effects beyond the isothermal Navier-Stokes fluid regime , higher order isotropy is required . In this paper , we present some basic results on moment isotropy and its relationship to the rotational symmetry of a generating discrete vector set . The anslysis provides a geometric understanding for popular lattice Boltzmann models , while offering a systematic procedure to construct higher order models .
0709.1503	physics.ins-det	A Scintillator Purification System for the Borexino Solar Neutrino Detector	Purification of the 278 tons of liquid scintillator and 889 tons of buffer shielding for the Borexino solar neutrino detector was performed with a system that combined distillation , water extraction , gas stripping and filtration . The purification of the scintillator achieved unprecedented low backgrounds for the large scale liquid scintillation detector . This paper describes the principles of operation , design , construction and commissioning of the purification system , and reviews the requirements and methods to achieve system cleanliness and leak-tightness .
0709.1504	physics.data-an	Maximum Entropy , Time Series and Statistical Inference	A brief discussion is given of the traditional version of the Maximum Entropy Method , including a review of some of the criticism that has been made in regard to its use in statistical inference . Motivated by these questions , a modified version of the method is proposed and applied to a simple problem , demonstrating its use in inference .
0709.1728	physics.hist-ph hep-th physics.gen-ph physics.pop-ph	Trouble with Physics ?	This is a review of Lee Smolin 's `` The Trouble with Physics '' . The main gist of the review is that the physics of the past three decades has been rich with new discoveries in a large number of domains . The Standard Model , while providing a successful framework for the electroweak and strong interactions still needs to be developed further to fully account fot the mass of strong interaction data collected over the decades . A multitude of new phenomena have been discovered however , or predicted theoretically , in the physics of very low temperatures ( e.g . fractional Hall effect , Bose-Einstein condensation ) and quantum macroscopic effects ( liquid crystals , high temperature superconductivity ) , some of which remain to be fully explained . Therefore if there is any `` Trouble with Physics '' , as implied by the author of this book , it mainly concerns speculative work on Superstring theory , which may or may not turn out to agree with the results of observation . The subject as a whole does not appear to be in trouble .
