0708.1060	physics.atom-ph	Coherent Electron Scattering Captured by an Attosecond Quantum Stroboscope	The basic properties of atoms , molecules and solids are governed by electron dynamics which take place on extremely short time scales . To measure and control these dynamics therefore requires ultrafast sources of radiation combined with efficient detection techniques . The generation of extreme ultraviolet ( XUV ) attosecond ( 1 as = 10-18 s ) pulses has , for the first time , made direct measurements of electron dynamics possible . Nevertheless , while various applications of attosecond pulses have been demonstrated experimentally , no one has yet captured or controlled the full three dimensional motion of an electron on an attosecond time scale . Here we demonstrate an attosecond quantum stroboscope capable of guiding and imaging electron motion on a sub-femtosecond ( 1 fs = 10-15 s ) time scale . It is based on a sequence of identical attosecond pulses which are synchronized with a guiding laser field . The pulse to pulse separation in the train is tailored to exactly match an optical cycle of the laser field and the electron momentum distributions are detected with a velocity map imaging spectrometer ( VMIS ) . This technique has enabled us to guide ionized electrons back to their parent ion and image the scattering event . We envision that coherent electron scattering from atoms , molecules and surfaces captured by the attosecond quantum stroboscope will complement more traditional scattering techniques since it provides high temporal as well as spatial resolution .
0708.1067	physics.bio-ph q-bio.BM	Interacting RNA polymerase motors on DNA track : effects of traffic congestion and intrinsic noise on RNA synthesis	RNA polymerase ( RNAP ) is an enzyme that synthesizes a messenger RNA ( mRNA ) strand which is complementary to a single-stranded DNA template . From the perspective of physicists , an RNAP is a molecular motor that utilizes chemical energy input to move along the track formed by a DNA . In many circumstances , which are described in this paper , a large number of RNAPs move simultaneously along the same track ; we refer to such collective movements of the RNAPs as RNAP traffic . Here we develop a theoretical model for RNAP traffic by incorporating the steric interactions between RNAPs as well as the mechano-chemical cycle of individual RNAPs during the elongation of the mRNA . By a combination of analytical and numerical techniques , we calculate the rates of mRNA synthesis and the average density profile of the RNAPs on the DNA track . We also introduce , and compute , two new measures of fluctuations in the synthesis of RNA . Analyzing these fluctuations , we show how the level of { \it intrinsic noise } in mRNA synthesis depends on the concentrations of the RNAPs as well as on those of some of the reactants and the products of the enzymatic reactions catalyzed by RNAP . We suggest appropriate experimental systems and techniques for testing our theoretical predictions .
0708.1099	physics.atom-ph	Attosecond Control of Ionization Dynamics	Attosecond pulses can be used to initiate and control electron dynamics on a sub-femtosecond time scale . The first step in this process occurs when an atom absorbs an ultraviolet photon leading to the formation of an attosecond electron wave packet ( EWP ) . Until now , attosecond pulses have been used to create free EWPs in the continuum , where they quickly disperse . In this paper we use a train of attosecond pulses , synchronized to an infrared ( IR ) laser field , to create a series of EWPs that are below the ionization threshold in helium . We show that the ionization probability then becomes a function of the delay between the IR and attosecond fields . Calculations that reproduce the experimental results demonstrate that this ionization control results from interference between transiently bound EWPs created by different pulses in the train . In this way , we are able to observe , for the first time , wave packet interference in a strongly driven atomic system .
0708.1108	physics.gen-ph physics.chem-ph	Linear Depenedences of Van Der Waals , Covalent and Valence Shell Radii of Atoms of Groups 1a - 8a on their Bohr Radii	An earlier finding that the van der waals radii are related to their de broglie wavelengths for some non-metallic elements has been extended here to show that in fact , they vary linearly with the ground state bohr radii for all the elements of groups 1a to 8 a . Similarly , the valence shell radii and the covalent radii are shown to be linearly dependent on the bohr radii . One table of data and 5 figures have been provided here showing that all the above radii are sums of two lengths , one of which is a multiple of the bohr radius and the other , a positive or negative constant for each group of elements .
0708.1209	physics.gen-ph physics.class-ph physics.optics	Structure of the Nondiffracting ( Localized ) Waves , and some interesting applications	Since the early works [ 1-4 ] on the so-called nondiffracting waves ( called also Localized Waves ) , a great deal of results has been published on this important subject , from both the theoretical and the experimental point of view . Initially , the theory was developed taking into account only free space ; however , in recent years , it has been extended for more complex media exhibiting effects such as dispersion [ 5-7 ] , nonlinearity [ 8 ] , anisotropy [ 9 ] and losses [ 10 ] . Such extensions have been carried out along with the development of efficient methods for obtaining nondiffracting beams and pulses in the subluminal , luminal and superluminal regimes [ 11-18 ] . This paper ( partly a review ) addresses some theoretical methods related to nondiffracting solutions of the linear wave equation in unbounded homogeneous media , as well as to some interesting applications of such waves . In section II we analyze the general structure of the Localized Waves , develop the so called Generalized Bidirectional Decomposition , and use it to obtain several luminal and superluminal ( especially X-shaped ) nondiffracting solutions of the wave equation . In section III we develop a space-time focusing method by a continuous superposition of X-Shaped pulses of different velocities . Section IV addresses the properties of chirped optical X-Shaped pulses propagating in material media without boundaries . Finally , in Section V , we show how a suitable superposition of Bessel beams can be used to obtain stationary localized wave fields , with a static envelope and a high transverse localization , and whose longitudinal intensity pattern can assume any desired shape within a chosen interval of the propagation axis .
