0704.0982	physics.gen-ph	Daemons and DAMA : Their Celestial-Mechanics Interrelations	The assumption of the capture by the Solar System of the electrically charged Planckian DM objects ( daemons ) from the galactic disk is confirmed not only by the St.Petersburg ( SPb ) experiments detecting particles with V < 30 km/s . Here the daemon approach is analyzed considering the positive model independent result of the DAMA/NaI experiment . We explain the maximum in DAMA signals observed in the May-June period to be associated with the formation behind the Sun of a trail of daemons that the Sun captures into elongated orbits as it moves to the apex . The range of significant 2-6-keV DAMA signals fits well the iodine nuclei elastically knocked out of the NaI ( Tl ) scintillator by particles falling on the Earth with V=30-50 km/s from strongly elongated heliocentric orbits . The half-year periodicity of the slower daemons observed in SPb originates from the transfer of particles that are deflected through ~90 deg into near-Earth orbits each time the particles cross the outer reaches of the Sun which had captured them . Their multi-loop ( cross-like ) trajectories traverse many times the Earth 's orbit in March and September , which increases the probability for the particles to enter near-Earth orbits during this time . Corroboration of celestial mechanics calculations with observations yields ~1e-19 cm2 for the cross section of daemon interaction with the solar matter .
0704.1044	physics.gen-ph	The redshift and geometrical aspect of photons	The cosmological redshift phenomenon can be described by the dark matter field fluid model , the results deduced from this model agree very well with the observations . The observed cosmological redshift of light depends on both the speed of the emitter and the distance between the emitter and the observer . If the emitter moves away from us , a redshift is observed . If the emitter moves towards us , whether a redshift , a blueshift or no shift is observed will depend on the speed vs. the distance . If the speed is in the range of c ( exp [ -beta*D ] -1 ) < v < 0 , a redshift is observed ; if the speed equals c ( exp [ -beta*D ] -1 ) , no shift is observed ; if the speed v less than c ( exp [ -beta*D ] -1 ) , a blueshift is observed . A redshift will be always observed in all directions for any celestial objects as long as their distance from us is large enough . Therefore , many more redshifts than blueshifts should be observed for galaxies and supernovae , etc in the sky . This conclusion agrees with current observations . The estimated value of the redshift constant beta of the dark matter field fluid is in the range of 10^ ( -3 ) ~ 10^ ( -5 ) /Mpc . A large redshift value from a distant celestial object may not necessarily indicate that it has a large receding speed . Based on the redshift effect of dark matter field fluid , it is concluded that at least in time average all photons have the same geometry ( size and shape ) in all inertial reference frames and do not have length contraction effect .
0704.1120	physics.soc-ph	`` Illusion of control '' in Minority and Parrondo Games	Human beings like to believe they are in control of their destiny . This ubiquitous trait seems to increase motivation and persistence , and is probably evolutionarily adaptive . But how good really is our ability to control ? How successful is our track record in these areas ? There is little understanding of when and under what circumstances we may over-estimate or even lose our ability to control and optimize outcomes , especially when they are the result of aggregations of individual optimization processes . Here , we demonstrate analytically using the theory of Markov Chains and by numerical simulations in two classes of games , the Minority game and the Parrondo Games , that agents who optimize their strategy based on past information actually perform worse than non-optimizing agents . In other words , low-entropy ( more informative ) strategies under-perform high-entropy ( or random ) strategies . This provides a precise definition of the `` illusion of control '' in set-ups a priori defined to emphasize the importance of optimization .
0704.1126	physics.optics	Negative- and positive-phase-velocity propagation in an isotropic chiral medium moving at constant velocity	Analysis of electromagnetic planewave propagation in a medium which is a spatiotemporally homogeneous , temporally nonlocal , isotropic , chiral medium in a co-moving frame of reference shows that the medium is both spatially and temporally nonlocal with respect to all non-co-moving inertial frames of reference . Using the Lorentz transformations of electric and magnetic fields , we show that plane waves which have positive phase velocity in the co-moving frame of reference can have negative phase velocity in certain non-co-moving frames of reference . Similarly , plane waves which have negative phase velocity in the co-moving frame can have positive phase velocity in certain non-co-moving frames .
0704.1130	physics.gen-ph physics.class-ph	Relativeca Dopplera efekto \^ce unuforme akcelata movo -- II	Extending physics/0701092 , a light source of monochromatic radiation , in rectilinear motion under constant proper acceleration , passes near an observer at rest . In the context of special relativity , we describe the observed Doppler effect . We describe also the interesting discontinuous effect when riding through occurs . An English version of this article is available . -- -- - Da^urigante physics/0701092 , luma fonto de unukolora radiado ^ce rekta movo ^ce konstanta propra akcelo pasas preter restanta observanto . ^Ce la special-relativeco , ni priskribas la observatan Doppleran efikon . Ni anka^u priskribas la interesan nekontinuan efikon se trapaso okazas .
0704.1134	physics.optics physics.med-ph	Experimental and theoretical study of light scattering by individual mature red blood cells by use of scanning flow cytometry and discrete dipole approximation	Elastic light scattering by mature red blood cells ( RBCs ) was theoretically and experimentally analyzed with the discrete dipole approximation ( DDA ) and the scanning flow cytometry ( SFC ) , respectively . SFC permits measurement of angular dependence of light-scattering intensity ( indicatrix ) of single particles . A mature RBC is modeled as a biconcave disk in DDA simulations of light scattering . We have studied the effect of RBC orientation related to the direction of the incident light upon the indicatrix . Numerical calculations of indicatrices for several aspect ratios and volumes of RBC have been carried out . Comparison of the simulated indicatrices and indicatrices measured by SFC showed good agreement , validating the biconcave disk model for a mature RBC . We simulated the light-scattering output signals from the SFC with the DDA for RBCs modeled as a disk-sphere and as an oblate spheroid . The biconcave disk , the disk-sphere , and the oblate spheroid models have been compared for two orientations , i.e . face-on and rim-on incidence . Only the oblate spheroid model for rim-on incidence gives results similar to the rigorous biconcave disk model .
0704.1147	physics.gen-ph physics.bio-ph	Information , complexity , brains and reality ( Kolmogorov Manifesto )	I discuss several aspects of information theory and its relationship to physics and neuroscience . The unifying thread of this somewhat chaotic essay is the concept of Kolmogorov or algorithmic complexity ( Kolmogorov Complexity , for short ) . I argue that it is natural to interpret cognition as the art of finding algorithms that apprach the Solomonoff-Kolmogorov-Chaitin ( algorithmic ) Complexity limit with appropriate tradeoffs . In addition , I claim that what we call the universe is an interpreted abstraction -- a mental construct -- based on the observed coherence between multiple sensory input streams and our own interactions . Hence , the notion of Universe is itself a model .
0704.1183	physics.optics	Confirmation of Cylindrical Perfect Invisibility Cloak Using Fourier-Bessel Analysis	A cylindrical wave expansion method is developed to obtain the scattering field for an ideal two-dimensional cylindrical invisibility cloak . A near-ideal model of the invisibility cloak is set up to solve the boundary problem at the inner boundary of the cloak shell . We confirm that a cloak with the ideal material parameters is a perfect invisibility cloak by systematically studying the change of the scattering coefficients from the near-ideal case to the ideal one . However , due to the slow convergence of the zero $ ^ { th } $ order scattering coefficients , a tiny perturbation on the cloak would induce a noticeable field scattering and penetration .
