0707.0920	physics.data-an physics.space-ph	Spatial Topology and its Structural Analysis based on the Concept of Simplicial Complex	This paper introduces a model that identifies spatial relationships for a structural analysis based on the concept of simplicial complex . The spatial relationships are identified through overlapping two map layers , namely a primary layer and a contextual layer . The identified spatial relationships are represented as a simplical complex , in which simplices and vertices respectively represent two layers of objects . The model relies on the simplical complex for structural representation and analysis . To quantify structural properties of individual primary objects ( or equivalently simplices ) , and the simplicial complex as a whole , we define a set of centrality measures by considering multidimensional chains of connectivity , i.e . the number of contextual objects shared by a pair of primary objects . With the model , the interaction and relationships with a geographic system are modeled from both local and global perspectives . The structural properties and modeling capabilities are illustrated with a simple example and a case study applied to the structural analysis of an urban system .
0707.0930	physics.data-an	Bayesian Learning of Neural Networks for Signal/Background Discrimination in Particle Physics	Neural networks are used extensively in classification problems in particle physics research . Since the training of neural networks can be viewed as a problem of inference , Bayesian learning of neural networks can provide more optimal and robust results than conventional learning methods . We have investigated the use of Bayesian neural networks for signal/background discrimination in the search for second generation leptoquarks at the Tevatron , as an example . We present a comparison of the results obtained from the conventional training of feedforward neural networks and networks trained with Bayesian methods .
0707.0935	physics.space-ph physics.plasm-ph	Magnetic double gradient instability and flapping waves in a current sheet	A new kind of magnetohydrodynamic instability and waves are analyzed for a current sheet in the presence of a small normal magnetic field component varying along the sheet . These waves and instability are related to existence of two gradients of the tangential and normal magnetic field components along the normal and tangential directions with respect to the current sheet . The current sheet can be stable or unstable if the multiplication of two magnetic gradients is positive or negative . In the stable region , the kink-like wave mode is interpreted as so called flapping waves observed in the Earth's magnetotail current sheet . The kink wave group velocity estimated for the Earth 's current sheet is of the order of a few tens kilometers per second . This is in good agreement with the observations of the flapping motions of the magnetotail current sheet .
0707.0938	physics.class-ph physics.gen-ph	Scaling Symmetries of Scatterers of Classical Zero-Point Radiation	Classical radiation equilibrium ( the blackbody problem ) is investigated by the use of an analogy . Scaling symmetries are noted for systems of classical charged particles moving in circular orbits in central potentials V ( r ) =-k/r^n when the particles are held in uniform circular motion against radiative collapse by a circularly polarized incident plane wave . Only in the case of a Coulomb potential n=1 with fixed charge e is there a unique scale-invariant spectrum of radiation versus frequency ( analogous to zero-point radiation ) obtained from the stable scattering arrangement . These results suggest that non-electromagnetic potentials are not appropriate for discussions of classical radiation equilibrium .
0707.0949	physics.acc-ph	Dynamic Aperture Optimization for the DAFNE Upgrade	Recently proposed novel idea of `` crabbed waist '' beam-beam collisions will be tested at DAFNE during the collider run for the Siddharta experiment . In order to achieve the goal luminosity , large dynamic aperture is a matter of primary importance . A new method of a dynamic aperture optimization based on step-by-step chromaticity compensation with choosing the `` best '' sextupole pair at each step was applied to the DAFNE upgrade lattice . Several tune points were considered taking into account both high luminosity and large dynamic aperture . Algorithm and results of optimization will be presented .
0707.0971	physics.optics	Extension matrix representation theory of light beams and the Beauregard effect	It is shown that a light beam in free space is representable by an integral over a vectorial angular spectrum that is expressed in terms of an extension matrix , which describes the vectorial nature of the beam . A symmetry axis of the extension matrix is identified . When it is neither perpendicular nor parallel to the propagation axis , we arrive at such beams that show us for the first time the observable evidence of the Beauregard effect . The advanced representation theory may yield any kinds of light beam , and the uncovered Beauregard effect would play its unique roles in applications .
0707.0982	physics.optics	Pulse propagation methods in nonlinear optics	I present an overview of pulse propagation methods used in nonlinear optics , covering both full-field and envelope-and-carrier methods . Both wideband and narrowband cases are discussed . Three basic forms are considered -- those based on ( a ) Maxwell 's equations , ( b ) directional fields , and ( c ) the second order wave equation . While Maxwell 's equations simulators are the most general , directional field methods can give significant computational and conceptual advantages . Factorizations of the second order wave equation complete the set by being the simplest to understand . One important conclusion is that that envelope methods based on forward-only directional field propagation has made the traditional envelope methods ( such as the SVEA , and extensions ) based on the second order wave equation utterly redundant .
0707.0986	physics.optics	Limits of the uni-directional pulse propagation approximation	I apply the method of characteristics to both bi-directional and uni-directional pulse propagation in dispersionless media containing nonlinearity of arbitrary order . The differing analytic predictions for the shocking distance quantify the effects of the uni-directional approximation used in many pulse propagation models . Results from numerical simulations support the theoretical predictions , and reveal the nature of the coupling between forward and backward waves .
0707.0987	physics.geo-ph	Inversion model validation of ground emissivity . Contribution to the development of SMOS algorithm	SMOS ( Soil Moisture and Ocean Salinity ) , is the second mission of 'Earth Explorer ' to be developed within the program 'Living Planet ' of the European Space Agency ( ESA ) . This satellite , containing the very first 1.4GHz interferometric radiometer 2D , will carry out the first cartography on a planetary scale of the moisture of the grounds and the salinity of the oceans . The forests are relatively opaque , and the knowledge of moisture remains problematic . The effect of the vegetation can be corrected thanks a simple radiative model . Nevertheless simulations show that the effect of the litter on the emissivity of a system litter + ground is not negligible . Our objective is to highlight the effects of this layer on the total multi layer system . This will make it possible to lead to a simple analytical formulation of a model of litter which can be integrated into the calculation algorithm of SMOS . Radiometer measurements , coupled to dielectric characterizations of samples in laboratory can enable us to characterize the geological structure . The goal of this article is to present the step which we chose to validate this analytical model .
0707.1001	physics.chem-ph	Full dimensional ( 15D ) quantum-dynamical simulation of the protonated water-dimer I : Hamiltonian setup and analysis of the ground vibrational state	Quantum-dynamical full-dimensional ( 15D ) calculations are reported for the protonated water dimer ( H5O2+ ) using the multiconfiguration time-dependent Hartree ( MCTDH ) method . The dynamics is described by curvilinear coordinates . The expression of the kinetic energy operator in this set of coordinates is given and its derivation , following the polyspherical method , is discussed . The PES employed is that of Huang et al . [ JCP , 122 , 044308 , ( 2005 ) ] . A scheme for the representation of the potential energy surface ( PES ) is discussed which is based on a high dimensional model representation scheme ( cut-HDMR ) , but modified to take advantage of the mode-combination representation of the vibrational wavefunction used in MCTDH . The convergence of the PES expansion used is quantified and evidence is provided that it correctly reproduces the reference PES at least for the range of energies of interest . The reported zero point energy of the system is converged with respect to the MCTDH expansion and in excellent agreement ( 16.7 cm-1 below ) with the diffusion Monte Carlo result on the PES of Huang et al . The highly fluxional nature of the cation is accounted for through use of curvilinear coordinates . The system is found to interconvert between equivalent minima through wagging and internal rotation motions already when in the ground vibrational-state , i.e. , T=0 . It is shown that a converged quantum-dynamical description of such a flexible , multi-minima system is possible .
0707.1004	physics.chem-ph	Full dimensional ( 15D ) quantum-dynamical simulation of the protonated water-dimer II : infrared spectrum and vibrational dynamics	The infrared absorption spectrum of the protonated water dimer ( H5O2+ ) is simulated in full dimensionality ( 15D ) in the spectral range 0-4000 cm-1 . The calculations are performed using the Multiconfiguration Time-Dependent Hartree ( MCTDH ) method for propagation of wavepackets . All the fundamentals and several overtones of the vibrational motion are computed . The spectrum of H5O2+ is shaped to a large extent by couplings of the proton-transfer motion to large amplitude fluxional motions of the water molecules , water bending and water-water stretch motions . These couplings are identified and discussed , and the corresponding spectral lines assigned . The large couplings featured by H5O2+ do not hinder , however , to describe the coupled vibrational motion by well defined simple types of vibration ( stretching , bending , etc . ) based on well defined modes of vibration , in terms of which the spectral lines are assigned . Comparison of our results to recent experiments and calculations on the system is given . The reported MCTDH IR-spectrum is in very good agreement to the recently measured spectrum by Hammer et al . [ JCP , 122 , 244301 , ( 2005 ) ] .
0707.1006	physics.atom-ph nlin.CD	The manifestation of quantum resonances and antiresonances in a finite temperature dilute atomic gas	We investigate the effect of temperature on resonant and antiresonant dynamics in a dilute atomic gas kicked periodically by a standing wave laser field . Our numerical calculations are based on a Monte Carlo method for an incoherent mixture of non-interacting plane waves , and show that the atomic dynamics are highly sensitive to the initial momentum width of the gas . We explain this sensitivity by examining the time evolution of individual atomic centre of mass momentum eigenstates with varying quasimomentum , and we have determined analytic expressions for the evolution of the second-order momentum moment to illustrate the range of behaviours .
0707.1026	physics.ins-det	The Status of CMS	After a brief overview of the Compact Muon Solenoid ( CMS ) experiment , the status of construction , installation and commissioning is described . Very good progress has been achieved in the past year . Though many significant challenges still lie ahead , CMS should be ready for recording data from first collisions in the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) accelerator complex at CERN
0707.1029	physics.class-ph	Systematic approximations for the period of a finite amplitude pendulum	The standard series expansion for the period of a finite amplitude pendulum as a function of energy ( and hence amplitude ) provides a lower limit on the period when the series is truncated . An adjustment to the last term in the truncated series to take account of the dropped terms improves the accuracy of the approximation and provides an upper limit on the period . More accurate approximations can then be obtained using intermediate expressions .
0707.1034	physics.optics	Accurate measurement of scattering and absorption loss in microphotonic devices	We present a simple measurement and analysis technique to determine the fraction of optical loss due to both radiation ( scattering ) and linear absorption in microphotonic components . The method is generally applicable to optical materials in which both nonlinear and linear absorption are present , and requires only limited knowledge of absolute optical power levels , material parameters , and the structure geometry . The technique is applied to high quality factor ( Q=1-5 X 10^6 ) silicon-on-insulator microdisk resonators . It is determined that linear absorption can account for more than half the total optical loss in the high-Q regime of these devices .
