0705.0849	physics.atom-ph	Enhanced sensitivity to variation of the fine structure constant and m_p/m_e in diatomic molecules	Sensitivity to temporal variation of the fundamental constants may be strongly enhanced in transitions between narrow close levels of different nature . This enhancement may be realized in a large number of molecules due to cancelation between the ground state fine structure omega_f and vibrational interval omega_v ( omega=omega_f - n omega_v is close to zero , delta omega/omega= K ( 2 delta alpha/alpha +0.5 delta mu/mu ) , K > > 1 , mu=m_p/m_e ) . The intervals between the levels are conveniently located in microwave frequency range and the level widths are very small . Required accuracy of the shift measurements is about 0.01-1 Hz . As examples , we consider molecules Cl_2+ , CuS , IrC , SiBr and HfF+ .
0705.0864	physics.optics	Tuning the shape of semiconductor microstadium laser	We presented a detailed experimental study on lasing in GaAs microstadium with various shapes . Unlike most deformed microcavities , the lasing threshold varies non-monotonically with the major-to-minor-axis ratio of the stadium . Under spatially uniform optical pumping , the first lasing mode corresponds to a high-quality scar mode consisting of several unstable periodic orbits . By tuning the shape of GaAs stadium , we are able to minimize the lasing threshold . This work demonstrates the possibility of controlling chaotic microcavity laser .
0705.0869	physics.optics	Wave interference effect on polymer microstadium laser	We investigate the lasing modes in fully chaotic polymer microstadiums under optical pumping . The lasing modes are regularly spaced in frequency , and their amplitudes oscillate with frequency . Our numerical simulations reveal that the lasing modes are multi-orbit scar modes . The interference of partial waves propagating along the constituent orbits results in local maxima of quality factor at certain frequencies . The observed modulation of lasing mode amplitude with frequency results from the variation of quality factor , which provides the direct evidence of wave interference effect in open chaotic microcavities .
0705.0872	physics.plasm-ph physics.gen-ph	Relativistic Tennis with Photons : Demonstration of Frequency Upshifting by a Relativistic Flying Mirror through Two Colliding Laser Pulses	Since the advent of chirped pulse amplification1 the peak power of lasers has grown dramatically and opened the new branch of high field science , delivering the focused irradiance , electric fields of which drive electrons into the relativistic regime . In a plasma wake wave generated by such a laser , modulations of the electron density naturally and robustly take the shape of paraboloidal dense shells , separated by evacuated regions , moving almost at the speed of light . When we inject another counter-propagating laser pulse , it is partially reflected from the shells , acting as relativistic flying ( semi-transparent ) mirrors , producing an extremely time-compressed frequency-multiplied pulse which may be focused tightly to the diffraction limit . This is as if the counterstreaming laser pulse bounces off a relativistically swung tennis racket , turning the ball of the laser photons into another ball of coherent X-ray photons but with a form extremely relativistically compressed to attosecond and zeptosecond levels . Here we report the first demonstration of the frequency multiplication detected from the reflection of a weak laser pulse in the region of the wake wave generated by the driver pulse in helium plasma . This leads to the possibility of very strong pulse compression and extreme coherent light intensification . This Relativistic Tennis with photon beams is demonstrated leading to the possibility toward reaching enormous electromagnetic field intensification and finally approaching the Schwinger field , toward which the vacuum nonlinearly warps and eventually breaks , producing electron-positron pairs .
0705.0873	physics.space-ph	Modelling long-term trends in lunar exposure to the Earth 's plasmasheet	This paper shows how the exposure of the Moon to the Earth 's plasmasheet is subject to decadal variations due to lunar precession . The latter is a key property of the Moon 's apparent orbit around the Earth - the nodes of that orbit precess around the ecliptic , completing one revolution every 18.6 years . This precession is responsible for a number of astronomical phenomena , e.g . the year to year drift of solar and lunar eclipse periods . It also controls the ecliptic latitude at which the Moon crosses the magnetotail and thus the number and duration of lunar encounters with the plasmasheet . This paper presents a detailed model of those encounters and applies it to the period 1960 to 2030 . This shows that the total lunar exposure to the plasmasheet will vary from 10 hours per month at a minimum of the eighteen-year cycle rising to 40 hours per month at the maximum . These variations could have a profound impact on the accumulation of charge due plasmasheet electrons impacting the lunar surface . Thus we should expect the level of lunar surface charging to vary over the eighteen-year cycle . The literature contains reports that support this : several observations made during the cycle maximum of 1994-2000 are attributed to bombardment and charging of the lunar surface by plasmasheet electrons . Thus we conclude that lunar surface charging will vary markedly over an eighteen-year cycle driven by lunar precession . It is important to interpret lunar environment measurements in the context of this cycle and to allow for the cycle when designing equipment for deployment on the lunar surface . This is particularly important in respect of developing plans for robotic exploration on the lunar surface during the next cycle maximum of 2012-19 .
0705.0891	physics.soc-ph	Opinion Dynamics and Sociophysics	No abstract given . Contents : I . Definition and Introduction II . Schelling Model III . Opinion Dynamics IV . Languages , Hierarchies and Football V. Future Directions
0705.0899	physics.gen-ph	C-symmetric quantization of fields leading to a natural normal ordering	At the quantization of fields , due to the non-linear character of the time reversal , the creation-annihilation operators for the negative frequency modes should be replaced to the operators of antiparticles not directly in the field operators , but in the operator products . For the standard minimal Lagrangians ( asymmetrical under the complex conjugated fields ) it is shown that the charge conjugation ( C- ) symmetry conditions for the Hamiltonian and the charge operator lead to the identities for the operator products allowing one to replace the negative frequency operator products to the positive frequency ones . At the same time the operators in observables become normal ordered and the zero-point energy does not appear . Only the symmetrized under the field operators Lagrangians lead to the zero-point energy . The confrontation by the experiments of the such C-symmetric quantization of fields and the solution some of the vacuum energy problems are discussed .
0705.0902	physics.bio-ph physics.comp-ph	The role of elastic stresses on leaf venation morphogenesis	We explore the possible role of elastic mismatch between epidermis and mesophyll as a driving force for the development of leaf venation . The current prevalent 'canalization ' hypothesis for the formation of veins claims that the transport of the hormone auxin out of the leaves triggers cell differentiation to form veins . Although there is evidence that auxin plays a fundamental role in vein formation , the simple canalization mechanism may not be enough to explain some features observed in the vascular system of leaves , in particular , the abundance of vein loops . We present a model based on the existence of mechanical instabilities that leads very naturally to hierarchical patterns with a large number of closed loops . When applied to the structure of high order veins , the numerical results show the same qualitative features as actual venation patterns and , furthermore , have the same statistical properties . We argue that the agreement between actual and simulated patterns provides strong evidence for the role of mechanical effects on venation development .
0705.0925	physics.ins-det	Water Vapour Effects in Mass Measurement	Water vapour inside the mass comparator enclosure is a critical parameter . In fact , fluctuations of this parameter during mass weighing can lead to errors in the determination of an unknown mass . To control that , a proposal method is given and tested . Preliminary results of our observation of water vapour sorption and desorption processes from walls and mass standard are reported .
0705.0941	physics.gen-ph	On spacetime coordinates in special relativity	Starting with two light clocks to derive time dilation expression , as many textbooks do , and then adding a third one , we work on relativistic spacetime coordinates relations for some simple events as emission , reflection and return of light pulses . Besides time dilation , we get , in the following order , Doppler k-factor , addition of velocities , length contraction , Lorentz Transformations and spacetime interval invariance . We also use Minkowski spacetime diagram to show how to interpret some few events in terms of spacetime coordinates in three different inertial frames .
0705.0975	physics.gen-ph quant-ph	Quantum Interference and Superposition in Cognition : Development of a Theory for the Disjunction of Concepts	We elaborate a theory for the modeling of concepts using the mathematical structure of quantum mechanics . Concepts are represented by vectors in the complex Hilbert space of quantum mechanics and membership weights of items are modeled by quantum weights calculated following the quantum rules . We apply this theory to model the disjunction of concepts and show that experimental data of membership weights of items with respect to the disjunction of concepts can be modeled accurately . It is the quantum effects of interference and superposition , combined with an effect of context , that are at the origin of the effects of overextension and underextension observed as deviations from a classical use of the disjunction . We put forward a graphical explanation of the effects of overextension and underextension by interpreting the quantum model applied to the modeling of the disjunction of concepts .
0705.1021	physics.plasm-ph physics.space-ph	Satellite Observations of Separator Line Geometry of Three-Dimensional Magnetic Reconnection	Detection of a separator line that connects magnetic nulls and the determination of the dynamics and plasma environment of such a structure can improve our understanding of the three-dimensional ( 3D ) magnetic reconnection process . However , this type of field and particle configuration has not been directly observed in space plasmas . Here we report the identification of a pair of nulls , the null-null line that connects them , and associated fans and spines in the magnetotail of Earth using data from the four Cluster spacecraft . With di and de designating the ion and electron inertial lengths , respectively , the separation between the nulls is found to be ~0.7di and an associated oscillation is identified as a lower hybrid wave with wavelength ~ de . This in situ evidence of the full 3D reconnection geometry and associated dynamics provides an important step toward to establishing an observational framework of 3D reconnection .
