0711.4365	physics.optics	Coherent Control of Ultra-High Frequency Acoustic Resonances in Photonic Crystal Fibers	Ultra-high frequency acoustic resonances ( $ \backsim $ 2 GHz ) trapped within the glass core ( $ \backsim $ 1 $ \mu $ m diameter ) of a photonic crystal fiber are selectively excited through electrostriction using laser pulses of duration 100 ps and energy 500 pJ . Using precisely timed sequences of such driving pulses , we achieve coherent control of the acoustic resonances by constructive or destructive interference , demonstrating both enhancement and suppression of the vibrations . A sequence of 27 resonantly-timed pulses provides a 100-fold increase in the amplitude of the vibrational mode . The results are explained and interpreted using a semi-analytical theory , and supported by precise numerical simulations of the complex light-matter interaction .
0711.4418	physics.atom-ph	A pumped atom laser	We present the experimental realization of a pumped atom laser . We demonstrate the pumping through measurements of the source and laser-mode atom numbers , making a rate equation study of the pumping process .
0711.4425	physics.plasm-ph	Positive and negative effective mass of classical particles in oscillatory and static fields	A classical particle oscillating in an arbitrary high-frequency or static field effectively exhibits a modified rest mass m_eff derived from the particle averaged Lagrangian . Relativistic ponderomotive and diamagnetic forces , as well as magnetic drifts , are obtained from the m_eff dependence on the guiding center location and velocity . The effective mass is not necessarily positive and can result in backward acceleration when an additional perturbation force is applied . As an example , adiabatic dynamics with m_|| > 0 and m_|| < 0 is demonstrated for a wave-driven particle along a dc magnetic field , m_|| being the effective longitudinal mass derived from m_eff . Multiple energy states are realized in this case , yielding up to three branches of m_|| for a given magnetic moment and parallel velocity .
0711.4428	physics.atom-ph	Relativistic corrections to transition frequencies of Fe I and search for variation of the fine structure constant	Relativistic energy shifts of the low energy levels of Fe have been calculated using the Dirac-Hartree-Fock and configuration interaction techniques . The results are to be used in the search for the space-time variation of the fine structure constant in quasar absorption spectra . The values of the shifts are the largest among those used in the analysis so far . This makes Fe a good candidate for the inclusion into the analysis .
0711.4433	physics.soc-ph	The Architecture of a Novel Weighted Network : Knowledge Network	Networked structure emerged from a wide range of fields such as biological systems , World Wide Web and technological infrastructure . A deeply insight into the topological complexity of these networks has been gained . Some works start to pay attention to the weighted network , like the world-wide airport network and the collaboration network , where links are not binary , but have intensities . Here , we construct a novel knowledge network , through which we take the first step to uncover the topological structure of the knowledge system . Furthermore , the network is extended to the weighted one by assigning weights to the edges . Thus , we also investigate the relationship between the intensity of edges and the topological structure . These results provide a novel description to understand the hierarchies and organizational principles in knowledge system , and the interaction between the intensity of edges and topological structure . This system also provides a good paradigm to study weighted networks .
0711.4437	physics.class-ph	Weierstrass 's criterion and compact solitary waves	Weierstrass 's theory is a standard qualitative tool for single degree of freedom equations , used in classical mechanics and in many textbooks . In this Brief Report we show how a simple generalization of this tool makes it possible to identify some differential equations for which compact and even semicompact traveling solitary waves exist . In the framework of continuum mechanics , these differential equations correspond to bulk shear waves for a special class of constitutive laws .
0711.4438	physics.flu-dyn	Acoustic waves at the interface of a pre-stressed incompressible elastic solid and a viscous fluid	We analyse the influence of pre-stress on the propagation of interfacial waves along the boundary of an incompressible hyperelastic half-space that is in contact with a viscous fluid extending to infinity in the adjoining half-space . One aim is to derive rigorously the incremental boundary conditions at the interface ; this derivation is delicate because of the interplay between the Lagrangian and the Eulerian descriptions but is crucial for numerous problems concerned with the interaction between a compliant wall and a viscous fluid . A second aim of this work is to model the ultrasonic waves used in the assessment of aortic aneurysms , and here we find that for this purpose the half-space idealization is justified at high frequencies . A third goal is to shed some light on the stability behaviour in compression of the solid half-space , as compared with the situation in the absence of fluid ; we find that the usual technique of seeking standing waves solutions is not appropriate when the half-space is in contact with a fluid ; in fact , a correct analysis reveals that the presence of a viscous fluid makes a compressed neo-Hookean half-space slightly more stable . For a wave travelling in a direction of principal strain , we obtain results for the case of a general ( incompressible isotropic ) strain-energy function . For a wave travelling parallel to the interface and in an arbitrary direction in a plane of principal strain , we specialize the analysis to the neo-Hookean strain-energy function .
0711.4449	physics.data-an physics.comp-ph	Fitting function for asymmetric peaks	In the paper a new fitting function is suggested , which can essentially increase the existing instrumentation for fitting of asymmetric peaks with the only maximum .
0711.4501	physics.class-ph	Relativistic energy of a moving spherical capacitor	We discuss the relativistic transformation of the energy of a charged spherical capacitor . The energy stored in the electromagnetic fields observed by an uniformly moving frame is related to that of the rest frame by a factor different from $ \gamma $ . Considering the energy and the stresses in the capacitor shells we show that the total energy of the system satisfies the expected relativistic transformation .
0711.4528	physics.data-an physics.space-ph	Polyphase alternating codes	This work introduces a method for constructing polyphase alternating codes in which the length of a code transmission cycle can be $ p^m $ or $ p-1 $ , where $ p $ is a prime number and $ m $ is a positive integer . The relevant properties leading to the construction alternating codes and the algorithm for generating alternating codes is described . Examples of all practical and some not that practical polyphase code lengths are given .
0711.4530	physics.class-ph	Temperature measurement of sub-micrometric ICs by scanning thermal microscopy	Surface temperature measurements were performed with a Scanning Thermal Microscope mounted with a thermoresistive wire probe of micrometrSurface temperature measurements were performed with a Scanning Thermal Microscope mounted with a thermoresistive wire probe of micrometric size . A CMOS device was designed with arrays of resistive lines 0.35 $ \mu $ m in width . The array periods are 0.8micron and 10micron to study the spatial resolution of the SThM . Integrated Circuits with passivation layers of micrometric and nanometric thicknesses were tested . To enhance signal-to-noise ratio , the resistive lines were heated with an AC current . The passivation layer of nanometric thickness allows us to distinguish the lines when the array period is 10micron . The results raise the difficulties of the SThM measurement due to the design and the topography of ICs on one hand and the size of the thermal probe on the other hand.ic size . A CMOS device was designed with arrays of resistive lines 0.35 $ \mu $ m in width . The array periods are 0.8micron and 10micron to study the spatial resolution of the SThM . Integrated Circuits with passivation layers of micrometric and nanometric thicknesses were tested . To enhance signal-to-noise ratio , the resistive lines were heated with an AC current . The passivation layer of nanometric thickness allows us to distinguish the lines when the array period is 10micron . The results raise the difficulties of the SThM measurement due to the design and the topography of ICs on one hand and the size of the thermal probe on the other hand .
0711.4536	physics.atom-ph	Studying variation of fundamental constants with molecules	This review article is devoted to application of precision molecular spectroscopy to studies of the possible spatial and temporal variations of the fundamental constants . Both astrophysical observations and laboratory experiments are discussed .
0711.4553	physics.optics	Waveguiding and Plasmon Resonances in Two-Dimensional Photonic Lattices of Gold and Silver Nanowires	We report the fabrication of triangular lattices of parallel gold and silver nanowires of high optical quality , with diameters down to 500 nm and length-to-diameter ratios as high as 100,000 . The nanowires are supported by a silica glass matrix and are disposed around a central solid glass core , i.e. , a missing nanowire . These cm-long structures make it possible to trap light within an array of nanowires and characterize the plasmon resonances that form at specific optical frequencies . Such nanowire arrays have many potential applications , e.g. , to imaging on the sub-wavelength scale .
0711.4567	physics.atom-ph	Guide for atomic and particle physicists to CODATA 's recommended values of the fundamental physical constants	The CODATA recommended values of the fundamental constants are widely applied in particle , nuclear and atomic physics . They are a result of a complicated evaluation ( adjustment ) of numerous correlated data of different nature . Their application is often rather mechanical and as a result is not free of various confusions which are discussed in this note .
0711.4568	physics.ed-ph	Quantifying Student Effort and Class Involvement in the Introductory Higher Education Science Classroom	This note details a minimal effort program , Cash Participation , that quantifies class participation while increasing class energy , decreasing student apathy and removing student embraced anonymity .
0711.4569	physics.atom-ph	Conceptual problems in phenomenological interpretation in searches for variation of constants & violation of various invariances	At present a number of current or proposed experiments are directed towards a search for a `new physics ' by detecting variations of fundamental physical constants or violations of certain basic symmetries . Various problems related to the phenomenology of such experiments are considered here .
0711.4570	physics.ins-det	Development of one-coordinate gaseous detector for wide angle diffraction studies	A one-coordinate gaseous detector of soft X-ray photons for wide-angle X-ray scattering ( WAXS ) studies is being developed . The detector operates in counting mode and is based on multi-stage Gas Electron Multiplier ( GEM ) . Full size detector is assembled and has 67 degrees aperture with 350mm distance to the source , readout multi-strip structure with 2048 strips at 0.2mm pitch and is partially equipped with readout electronics in the central part . Main parameters of the detector have been measured with 8keV X-ray beam at VEPP-3 synchrotron ring . Spatial resolution of 470 um ( FWHM ) has been demonstrated that will allow to distinguish diffraction spots at 0.1 degrees .
0711.4574	physics.geo-ph nlin.CD	Direct Numerical Simulation of structural vacillation in the transition to geostrophic turbulence	The onset of small-scale fluctuations around a steady convection pattern in a rotating baroclinic annulus filled with air is investigated using Direct Numerical Simulation . In previous laboratory experiments of baroclinic waves , such fluctuations have been associated with a flow regime termed Structural Vacillation which is regarded as the first step in the transition to fully-developed geostrophic turbulence .
0711.4576	physics.geo-ph	Seismic Rayleigh waves on an exponentially graded , orthotropic half-space	Efforts at modelling the propagation of seismic waves in half-spaces with continuously varying properties have been mostly focused on shear-horizontal waves . Here a sagittaly polarized ( Rayleigh type ) wave travels along a symmetry axis ( and is attenuated along another ) of an orthotropic material with stiffnesses and mass density varying in the same exponential manner with depth . Contrary to what could be expected at first sight , the analysis is very similar to that of the homogeneous half-space , with the main and capital difference that the Rayleigh wave is now dispersive . The results are illustrated numerically for ( i ) an orthotropic half-space typical of horizontally layered and vertically fractured shales and ( ii ) for an isotropic half-space made of silica . In both examples , the wave travels at a slower speed and penetrates deeper than in the homogeneous case ; in the second example , the inhomogeneity can force the wave amplitude to oscillate as well as decay with depth , in marked contrast with the homogeneous isotropic general case .
0711.4601	physics.chem-ph	Colossal Van der Waals small-polaron superlattice : a hint to understanding the colossal magnetoresistance and electroresistance in manganites	A mechanism is proposed to explain the formation of a small-polaron superlattice above the Curie temperature in manganites . The order-disorder transition initiated by the external field at a lattice is known responsible for the colossal resistance effect . We attribute the lattice formation to the occurrence of strong Van der Waals pairing of vibronic small polarons arising from the phonon coupling of highly polarizable two-level orbital systems . The latter having inherent electric and magnetic dipoles associated with them , they couple to the external field leading to the observed colossal effects . We find numerical estimates of the critical field compatible .
0711.4606	physics.pop-ph	Physics in Carnacki 's investigations	In the stories of Carnacki , created by the English writer William H. Hodgson and written between 1910 and 1912 , we find an interesting mixture of science and fantasy . In spite of the fact that Carnacki is a ghost finder , who investigates in an environment where supernatural is acting , we see the character using technology and sometimes discussing of physics phenomena such as X-rays . The Carnacki 's stories can be seen as mirrors of the physics and technology knowledge at the beginning of Twentieth Century , in the society outside scientific circles .
0711.4607	physics.atom-ph	Nuclear deformation effect on the binding energies in heavy ions	Nuclear deformation effects on the binding energies in heavy ions are investigated . Approximate formulas for the nuclear-size correction and the isotope shift for deformed nuclei are derived . Combined with direct numerical evaluations , these formulas are employed to reanalyse experimental data on the nuclear-charge-distribution parameters in $ ^ { 238 } \textrm { U } $ and to revise the nuclear-size corrections to the binding energies in H- and Li-like $ ^ { 238 } \textrm { U } $ . As a result , the theoretical uncertainties for the ground-state Lamb shift in $ ^ { 238 } \textrm { U } ^ { 91+ } $ and for the $ 2p_ { 1/2 } -2s $ transition energy in $ ^ { 238 } \textrm { U } ^ { 89+ } $ are significantly reduced . The isotope shift of the $ 2p_ { j } -2s $ transition energies for $ ^ { 142 } \textrm { Nd } ^ { 57+ } $ and $ ^ { 150 } \textrm { Nd } ^ { 57+ } $ is also evaluated including nuclear size and nuclear recoil effects within a full QED treatment .
0711.4615	physics.atom-ph physics.atm-clus	Equation of State and Phases of Polarized Unitary Fermi Gas	The equation of state of the partially polarized two component Fermi gas at zero temperature in the unitary limit is computed by { \it ab initio } auxiliary field Monte Carlo method . We obtain the critical ratio of the chemical potentials $ \mu_\downarrow/\mu_\uparrow $ at the phase transitions . The value of $ \mu_\downarrow/\mu_\uparrow $ at the transition between the fully paired superfluid and the partially polarized phase is 0.11 while the critical value for the phase transition between the partially polarized phase and the fully polarized normal fluid is -0.59 . We also determine the radial boundaries of the phase transitions of the Fermi gas in the harmonic trap as function of the total polarization . We find that beyond the critical polarization 0.65 , the fully paired superfluid core disappears in the trapped Fermi gas .
0711.4638	physics.atom-ph	Trapping of Neutral Mercury Atoms and Prospects for Optical Lattice Clocks	We report a vapor-cell magneto-optical trapping of Hg isotopes on the $ { } ^1S_0- { } ^3P_1 $ intercombination transition . Six abundant isotopes , including four bosons and two fermions , were trapped . Hg is the heaviest non-radioactive atom trapped so far , which enables sensitive atomic searches for `` new physics '' beyond the standard model . We propose an accurate optical lattice clock based on Hg and evaluate its systematic accuracy to be better than $ 10^ { -18 } $ . Highly accurate and stable Hg-based clocks will provide a new avenue for the research of optical lattice clocks and the time variation of the fine-structure constant .
