0705.0212	physics.plasm-ph physics.gen-ph	Attosecond electron pulses from interference of above-threshold de Broglie waves	It is shown that the the interference of above-threshold electron de Broglie waves , generated by an intense laser pulse at a metal surface yields attosecond electron pulses . This inerference is an analogon of the superposition of high harmonics generated from rare gas atoms , resulting in trains of attosecond light pulses.Owing to the inherent kinematic dispersion , the propagation of attosecond de Broglie waves in vacuum is very different from that of attosecond light pulses , which propagate without changing shape . Above the metal surface there are `` collaps bands '' and `` revival layers '' of the electron current even at macroscopic distances . In the range of parameters considered , the maximum value of the current densities of such ultrashort electron pulses has been estimated to be of order of couple of tenths of milliamps per square centimeters .
0705.0222	physics.gen-ph	The connection between field-theory and the equations for material sistems	The existing field theories are based on the properties of closed exterior forms , which correspond to conservation laws for physical fields . In the present paper it is shown that closed exterior forms corresponding to field theories are obtained from the equations modelling conservation ( balance ) laws for material sistems ( material media ) . The process of obtaining closed exterior forms demonstrates the connection between field-theory equations and the equations for material sistems and points to the fact that the foundations of field theories must be conditioned by the properties of equations conservation laws for material sistems .
0705.0224	physics.atom-ph	Evaporation of buffer gas-thermalized anions out of a multipole rf ion trap	We identify plain evaporation of ions as the fundamental loss mechanism out of a multipole ion trap . Using thermalized negative Cl- ions we find that the evaporative loss rate is proportional to a Boltzmann factor . This thermodynamic description sheds new light on the dynamics of particles in time-varying confining potentials . It specifically allows us to extract the effective depth of the ion trap as the activation energy for evaporation . As a function of the rf amplitude we find two distinct regimes related to the stability of motion of the trapped ions . For low amplitudes the entire trap allows for stable motion and the trap depth increases with the rf field . For larger rf amplitudes , however , rapid energy transfer from the field to the ion motion can occur at large trap radii , which leads to a reduction of the effective trapping volume . In this regime the trap depth decreases again with increasing rf amplitude . We give an analytical parameterization of the trap depth for various multipole traps that allows predictions of the most favorable trapping conditions .
0705.0239	physics.ins-det	Pulse-Shape discrimination with the Counting Test Facility	Pulse shape discrimination ( PSD ) is one of the most distinctive features of liquid scintillators . Since the introduction of the scintillation techniques in the field of particle detection , many studies have been carried out to characterize intrinsic properties of the most common liquid scintillator mixtures in this respect . Several application methods and algorithms able to achieve optimum discrimination performances have been developed . However , the vast majority of these studies have been performed on samples of small dimensions . The Counting Test Facility , prototype of the solar neutrino experiment Borexino , as a 4 ton spherical scintillation detector immersed in 1000 tons of shielding water , represents a unique opportunity to extend the small-sample PSD studies to a large-volume setup . Specifically , in this work we consider two different liquid scintillation mixtures employed in CTF , illustrating for both the PSD characterization results obtained either with the processing of the scintillation waveform through the optimum Gatti 's method , or via a more conventional approach based on the charge content of the scintillation tail . The outcomes of this study , while interesting per se , are also of paramount importance in view of the expected Borexino detector performances , where PSD will be an essential tool in the framework of the background rejection strategy needed to achieve the required sensitivity to the solar neutrino signals .
0705.0241	physics.class-ph	New paradox in the special theory of relativity generated by the string dynamics	It is proved that the definition of simultaneity by Einstein leads to the paradox motion of he string from the viewpoint of the observer in the inertial system S ' moving with velocity v with regard to the inertial system S .
0705.0248	physics.med-ph	MCHIT - Monte Carlo model for proton and heavy-ion therapy	We study the propagation of nucleons and nuclei in tissue-like media within a Monte Carlo Model for Heavy-ion Therapy ( MCHIT ) based on the GEANT4 toolkit ( version 8.2 ) . The model takes into account fragmentation of projectile nuclei and secondary interactions of produced nuclear fragments . Model predictions are validated with available experimental data obtained for water and PMMA phantoms irradiated by monoenergetic carbon-ion beams . The MCHIT model describes well ( 1 ) the depth-dose distributions in water and PMMA , ( 2 ) the doses measured for fragments of certain charge , ( 3 ) the distributions of positron emitting nuclear fragments produced by carbon-ion beams , and ( 4 ) the energy spectra of secondary neutrons measured at different angles to the beam direction . Radial dose profiles for primary nuclei and for different projectile fragments are calculated and discussed as possible input for evaluation of biological dose distributions . It is shown that at the periphery of the transverse dose profile close to the Bragg peak the dose from secondary nuclear fragments is comparable to the dose from primary nuclei .
0705.0295	physics.optics physics.acc-ph	Theory of Nonlinear Harmonic Generation in Free-Electron Lasers with Helical Wigglers	Coherent Harmonic Generation ( CHG ) , and in particular Nonlinear Harmonic Generation ( NHG ) , is of importance for both short wavelength Free-Electron Lasers ( FELs ) , in relation with the achievement of shorter wavelengths with a fixed electron-beam energy , and high-average power FEL resonators , in relation with destructive effects of higher harmonics radiation on mirrors . In this paper we present a treatment of NHG from helical wigglers with particular emphasis on the second harmonic . Our study is based on an exact analytical solution of Maxwell 's equations , derived with the help of a Green 's function method . In particular , we demonstrate that nonlinear harmonic generation ( NHG ) from helical wigglers vanishes on axis . Our conclusion is in open contrast with results in literature , that include a kinematical mistake in the description of the electron motion .
0705.0310	physics.ins-det	The Level-0 Muon Trigger for the LHCb Experiment	A very compact architecture has been developed for the first level Muon Trigger of the LHCb experiment that processes 40 millions of proton-proton collisions per second . For each collision , it receives 3.2 kBytes of data and it finds straight tracks within a 1.2 microseconds latency . The trigger implementation is massively parallel , pipelined and fully synchronous with the LHC clock . It relies on 248 high density Field Programable Gate arrays and on the massive use of multigigabit serial link transceivers embedded inside FPGAs .
0705.0311	physics.class-ph nlin.CD physics.gen-ph	Resonant forcing of select degrees of freedom of multidimensional chaotic map dynamics	We study resonances of multidimensional chaotic map dynamics . We use the calculus of variations to determine the additive forcing function that induces the largest response , that is , the greatest deviation from the unperturbed dynamics . We include the additional constraint that only select degrees of freedom be forced , corresponding to a very general class of problems in which not all of the degrees of freedom in an experimental system are accessible to forcing . We find that certain Lagrange multipliers take on a fundamental physical role as the efficiency of the forcing function and the effective forcing experienced by the degrees of freedom which are not forced directly . Furthermore , we find that the product of the displacement of nearby trajectories and the effective total forcing function is a conserved quantity . We demonstrate the efficacy of this methodology with several examples .
0705.0320	physics.acc-ph	Experimental Demonstration of Compensation of Beam-Beam Effects by Electron Lenses	We report the first experimental demonstration of compensation of beam-beam interaction effects in high-energy particle collider by using space-charge forces of a low-energy electron beam . In our experiments , an electron lens , a novel instrument developed for the beam-beam compensation , was set on a 980-GeV proton bunch in the Tevatron proton-antiproton collider . The proton bunch losses due to its interaction with antiproton beam were reduced by a factor of 2 when the electron lens was operating . We describe the principle of electron lens operation and present experimental results .
0705.0337	physics.chem-ph cond-mat.other physics.comp-ph	A mathematical and computational review of Hartree-Fock SCF methods in Quantum Chemistry	We present here a review of the fundamental topics of Hartree-Fock theory in Quantum Chemistry . From the molecular Hamiltonian , using and discussing the Born-Oppenheimer approximation , we arrive to the Hartree and Hartree-Fock equations for the electronic problem . Special emphasis is placed in the most relevant mathematical aspects of the theoretical derivation of the final equations , as well as in the results regarding the existence and uniqueness of their solutions . All Hartree-Fock versions with different spin restrictions are systematically extracted from the general case , thus providing a unifying framework . Then , the discretization of the one-electron orbitals space is reviewed and the Roothaan-Hall formalism introduced . This leads to a exposition of the basic underlying concepts related to the construction and selection of Gaussian basis sets , focusing in algorithmic efficiency issues . Finally , we close the review with a section in which the most relevant modern developments ( specially those related to the design of linear-scaling methods ) are commented and linked to the issues discussed . The whole work is intentionally introductory and rather self-contained , so that it may be useful for non experts that aim to use quantum chemical methods in interdisciplinary applications . Moreover , much material that is found scattered in the literature has been put together here to facilitate comprehension and to serve as a handy reference .
0705.0339	physics.acc-ph	Theory of the friction force using electron cooling as an intrabeam scattering process	Using the results found previously for the cooling rates of the emittances , due to collisions between the electrons and the ions , a result is found for the friction force acting on the ions . It is shown that the friction force found here when used to track the ion bunch will give the same emittance cooling rates as those found using the intrabeam scattering theory for electron cooling > .For the case of the uniform in space electron bunch distribution , the friction force found here agrees with the friction force result found with the usual theory of electron cooling .
0705.0353	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech physics.data-an	The interplay of university and industry through the FP5 network	To improve the quality of life in a modern society it is essential to reduce the distance between basic research and applications , whose crucial roles in shaping today 's society prompt us to seek their understanding . Existing studies on this subject , however , have neglected the network character of the interaction between university and industry . Here we use state-of-the-art network theory methods to analyze this interplay in the so-called Framework Programme -- an initiative which sets out the priorities for the European Union's research and technological development . In particular we study in the 5th Framework Programme ( FP5 ) the role played by companies and scientific institutions and how they contribute to enhance the relationship between research and industry . Our approach provides quantitative evidence that while firms are size hierarchically organized , universities and research organizations keep the network from falling into pieces , paving the way for an effective knowledge transfer .
0705.0361	physics.optics	Optical Bistability in Nonlinear Optical Coupler with Negative Index Channel	We discuss a novel kind of nonlinear coupler with one channel filled with a negative index material ( NIM ) . The opposite directionality of the phase velocity and the energy flow in the NIM channel facilitates an effective feedback mechanism that leads to optical bistability and gap soliton formation .
0705.0389	physics.pop-ph	The Truth About Ballistic Coefficients	The ballistic coefficient of a bullet describes how it slows in flight due to air resistance . This article presents experimental determinations of ballistic coefficients showing that the majority of bullets tested have their previously published ballistic coefficients exaggerated from 5-25 % by the bullet manufacturers . These exaggerated ballistic coefficients lead to inaccurate predictions of long range bullet drop , retained energy and wind drift .
0705.0391	physics.pop-ph	An Acoustic Method for Determining Ballistic Coefficients	This paper presents a method for using a PC soundcard , microphone and a chronograph to determine bullet BC with an accuracy of 6 % . This is useful when a second chronograph is unavailable or when the projectile accuracy is insufficient to use a far chronograph .
