0705.2637	physics.optics physics.ao-ph	A method for volume stabilization of single , dye-doped water microdroplets with femtoliter resolution	A self-control mechanism that stabilizes the size of Rhodamine B-doped water microdroplets standing on a superhydrophobic surface is demonstrated . The mechanism relies on the interplay between the condensation rate that was kept constant and evaporation rate induced by laser excitation which critically depends on the size of the microdroplets . The radii of individual water microdroplets ( > 5 um ) stayed within a few nanometers during long time periods ( up to 455 seconds ) . By blocking the laser excitation for 500 msec , the stable volume of individual microdroplets was shown to change stepwise .
0705.2638	physics.plasm-ph astro-ph	Radiation-condensation instability in a four-fluid dusty plasma	In this work linear stability analysis of a four-fluid optically thin plasma consisting of electrons , ions , neutral atoms , and charged dust particles is performed with respect to the radiation-condensation ( RC ) instability . The energy budget of the plasma involves the input from heating through photo-electron emission by dust particles under external ultraviolet radiation as well as radiative losses in inelastic electron-neutral , electron-ion , neutral-neutral collisions . It is shown that negatively charged particles stimulate the RC instability in the sense that the conditions for the instability to hold are wider than similar conditions in a single-fluid description .
0705.2652	physics.optics	Weak-Light Ultraslow Vector Optical Solitons via Electromagnetically Induced Transparency	We propose a scheme to generate temporal vector optical solitons in a lifetime broadened five-state atomic medium via electromagnetically induced transparency . We show that this scheme , which is fundamentally different from the passive one by using optical fibers , is capable of achieving distortion-free vector optical solitons with ultraslow propagating velocity under very weak drive conditions . We demonstrate both analytically and numerically that it is easy to realize Manakov temporal vector solitons by actively manipulating the dispersion and self- and cross-phase modulation effects of the system .
0705.2655	physics.gen-ph	Counting energy packets in the electromagnetic wave	We discuss the concept of energy packets in respect to the energy transported by electromagnetic waves and we demonstrate that this physical quantity can be used in physical problems involving relativistic effects . This refined concept provides results compatible to those obtained by simpler definition of energy density when relativistic effects apply to the free electromagnetic waves . We found this concept further compatible to quantum theory perceptions and we show how it could be used to conciliate between different physical approaches including the classical electromagnetic wave theory , the special relativity and the quantum theories .
0705.2673	physics.data-an	Noise characteristics of 3D time-of-flight cameras	Time-of-flight ( TOF ) cameras are based on a new technology that delivers distance maps by the use of a modulated light source . In this paper we first describe a set of experiments that we performed with TOF cameras . We then propose a noise model which is able to explain some of the phenomena observed in the experiments . The model is based on assuming a noise source that is correlated with the light source ( shot noise ) and an additional additive noise source ( dark current noise ) . The model predicts well the dependency of the distance errors on the image intensity and the true distance at an individual pixel .
0705.2698	physics.data-an physics.comp-ph	Computed tomography image reconstruction from only two projections	English : This paper concerns the image reconstruction from a few projections in Computed Tomography ( CT ) . The main objective of this paper is to show that the problem is so ill posed that no classical method , such as analytical methods based on inverse Radon transform , nor the algebraic methods such as Least squares ( LS ) or regularization theory can give satisfactory result . As an example , we consider in detail the case of image reconstruction from two horizontal and vertical projections . We then show how a particular composite Markov modeling and the Bayesian estimation framework can possibly propose satisfactory solutions to the problem . For demonstration and educational purpose a set of Matlab programs are given for a live presentation of the results . -- -- - French : Ce travail , \`a but p\'edagogique , pr\'esente le probl\`eme inverse de la reconstruction d'image en tomographie X lorsque le nombre des projections est tr\`es limit\'e . voir le texte en Anglais et en Fran\c { c } ais .
0705.2720	physics.data-an physics.comp-ph	Inverse problems in imaging systems and the general Bayesian inversion frawework	In this paper , first a great number of inverse problems which arise in instrumentation , in computer imaging systems and in computer vision are presented . Then a common general forward modeling for them is given and the corresponding inversion problem is presented . Then , after showing the inadequacy of the classical analytical and least square methods for these ill posed inverse problems , a Bayesian estimation framework is presented which can handle , in a coherent way , all these problems . One of the main steps , in Bayesian inversion framework is the prior modeling of the unknowns . For this reason , a great number of such models and in particular the compound hidden Markov models are presented . Then , the main computational tools of the Bayesian estimation are briefly presented . Finally , some particular cases are studied in detail and new results are presented .
0705.2721	physics.geo-ph	Scaling and correlations in the dynamics of forest-fire occurrence	Forest-fire waiting times , defined as the time between successive events above a certain size in a given region , are calculated for Italy . The probability densities of the waiting times are found to verify a scaling law , despite that fact that the distribution of fire sizes is not a power law . The meaning of such behavior in terms of the possible self-similarity of the process in a nonstationary system is discussed . We find that the scaling law arises as a consequence of the stationarity of fire sizes and the existence of a non-trivial `` instantaneous '' scaling law , sustained by the correlations of the process .
0705.2724	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech	Self-affirmation model for football goal distributions	Analyzing football score data with statistical techniques , we investigate how the highly co-operative nature of the game is reflected in averaged properties such as the distributions of scored goals for the home and away teams . It turns out that in particular the tails of the distributions are not well described by independent Bernoulli trials , but rather well modeled by negative binomial or generalized extreme value distributions . To understand this behavior from first principles , we suggest to modify the Bernoulli random process to include a simple component of self-affirmation which seems to describe the data surprisingly well and allows to interpret the observed deviation from Gaussian statistics . The phenomenological distributions used before can be understood as special cases within this framework . We analyzed historical football score data from many leagues in Europe as well as from international tournaments and found the proposed models to be applicable rather universally . In particular , here we compare men 's and women 's leagues and the separate German leagues during the cold war times and find some remarkable differences .
0705.2754	physics.class-ph	Acoustic response of a rigid frame porous medium slab with a periodic set of inclusions	The acoustic response of a rigid frame porous slab with a periodic set of inclusions is calculated by use of a multipole method . The acoustic properties , in particular the absorption , of such a structure are then derived and studied . Numerical results together with a modal analysis show that the addition of a periodic set of high-contrast inclusions leads to quasi-modes excitation of both the slab and the gratings , and to a large increase of the acoustic absorption of the initial slab , this being partly due to the quasi-modes excitation .
0705.2762	physics.hist-ph physics.gen-ph	Complementarity in the Bohr-Einstein Photon Box	The photon box thought experiment can be considered a forerunner of the EPR-experiment : by performing suitable measurements on the box it is possible to `` prepare '' the photon , long after it has escaped , in either of two complementary states . Consistency requires that the corresponding box measurements be complementary as well . At first sight it seems , however , that these measurements can be jointly performed with arbitrary precision : they pertain to different systems ( the center of mass of the box and an internal clock , respectively ) . But this is deceptive . As we show by explicit calculation , although the relevant quantities are simultaneously measurable , they develop non-vanishing commutators when calculated back to the time of escape of the photon . This justifies Bohr 's qualitative arguments in a precise way ; and it illustrates how the details of the dynamics conspire to guarantee the requirements of complementarity . In addition , our calculations exhibit a `` fine structure '' in the distribution of the uncertainties over the complementary quantities : depending on \textit { when } the box measurement is performed , the resulting quantum description of the photon differs . This brings us close to the argumentation of the later EPR thought experiment .
0705.2775	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	Exact analytical expression for the electromagnetic field in a focused laser beam or pulse	We present a new class of exact nonsingular solutions for the Maxwell equations in vacuum , which describe the electromagnetic field of the counterpropagating focused laser beams and the subperiod focused laser pulse . These solutions are derived by the use of a modification of the `` complex source method '' , investigated and visualized .
