0708.0049	physics.class-ph	Near-Field Focusing Plates and Their Design	This paper describes the design of near-field focusing plates , which are grating-like structures that can focus electromagnetic radiation to spots or lines of arbitrarily small subwavelength dimension . A general procedure is outlined for designing a near-field plate given a desired image , and its implementation at microwave frequencies is discussed . Full-wave ( method of moments ) simulations clearly demonstrate the near-field plate 's ability to overcome the diffraction limit . Finally , it is shown that the performance of near-field plates is weakly affected by losses .
0708.0091	physics.flu-dyn physics.bio-ph	A useful correspondence between fluid convection and ecosystem operation	Both ecological systems and convective fluid systems are examples of open systems which operate far-from-equilibrium . This article demonstrates that there is a correspondence between a resource-consumer chemostat ecosystem and the Rayleigh-Benard ( RB ) convective fluid system . The Lorenz dynamics of the RB system can be translated into an ecosystem dynamics . Not only is there a correspondence between the dynamical equations , also the physical interpretations show interesting analogies . By using this fluid-ecosystem analogy , we are able to derive the correct value of the size of convection rolls by competitive fitness arguments borrowed from ecology . We finally conjecture that the Lorenz dynamics can be extended to describe more complex convection patterns that resemble ecological predation .
0708.0101	physics.atom-ph	Radiative and interelectronic-interaction corrections to the hyperfine splitting in highly charged B-like ions	The ground-state hyperfine splitting values of high-Z boronlike ions are calculated . Calculation of the interelectronic-interaction contribution is based on a combination of the 1/Z perturbation theory and the large-scale configuration-interaction Dirac-Fock-Sturm method . The screened QED corrections are evaluated utilizing an effective screening potential approach . Total hyperfine splitting energies are presented for several B-like ions of particular interest : { } ^ { 45 } Sc { } ^ { 16+ } , { } ^ { 57 } Fe { } ^ { 21+ } , { } ^ { 207 } Pb { } ^ { 77+ } , and { } ^ { 209 } Bi { } ^ { 78+ } . For lead and bismuth the experimental values of the 1s hyperfine splitting are employed to improve significantly the theoretical results by reducing the uncertainty due to the nuclear effects .
0708.0120	physics.soc-ph	A case study of the Hirsch index for 26 non-prominent physicists	The h index was introduced by Hirsch to quantify an individual 's scientific research output . It has been widely used in different fields to show the relevance of the research work of prominent scientists . I have worked out 26 practical cases of physicists which are not so prominent . Therefore this case study should be more relevant to discuss various features of the Hirsch index which are interesting or disturbing or both for the more average situation . In particular , I investigate quantitatively some pitfalls in the evaluation and the influence of self-citations .
0708.0141	physics.optics	Using ultra-short pulses to determine particle size and density distributions	We analyze the time dependent response of strongly scattering media ( SSM ) to ultra-short pulses of light . A random walk technique is used to model the optical scattering of ultra-short pulses of light propagating through media with random shapes and various packing densities . The pulse spreading was found to be strongly dependent on the average particle size , particle size distribution , and the packing fraction . We also show that the intensity as a function of time-delay can be used to analyze the particle size distribution and packing fraction of an optically thick sample independently of the presence of absorption features . Finally , we propose an all new way to measure the shape of ultra-short pulses that have propagated through a SSM .
0708.0164	physics.bio-ph physics.soc-ph	Biologically Inspired Nanomaterials : A Conference Report	The understanding of the nanoscale physical properties of biomolecules and biomaterials will ultimately promote the research in the biological sciences . In this review , we focused on theory , simulation , and experiments involving nanoscale materials inspired by biological systems . Specifically , self-assembly in living and synthetic materials , bio-functionalized nanomaterials and probing techniques that use nanomaterials are discussed .
0708.0262	physics.optics	Magnifying perfect lens and superlens design by coordinate transformation	The coordinate transformation technique is applied to the design of perfect lenses and superlenses . In particular , anisotropic metamaterials that magnify two-dimensional planar images beyond the diffraction limit are designed by the use of oblate spheroidal coordinates . The oblate spheroidal perfect lens or superlens can naturally be used in reverse for lithography of planar subwavelength patterns .
