0704.1190	physics.geo-ph physics.gen-ph	Topological Properties of Phase Singularities in Wave Fields	Phase singularities as topological objects of wave fields appear in a variety of physical , chemical , and biological scenarios . In this paper , by making use of the $ \phi $ -mapping topological current theory , we study the topological properties of the phase singularities in two and three dimensional space in details . The topological inner structure of the phase singularities are obtained , and the topological charge of the phase singularities are expressed by the topological numbers : Hopf indices and Brouwer degrees . Furthermore , the topological invariant of the closed and knotted phase singularities in three dimensional space are also discussed in details .
0704.1212	physics.optics	Optical carrier wave shocking : detection and dispersion	Carrier wave shocking is studied using the Pseudo-Spectral Spatial Domain ( PSSD ) technique . We describe the shock detection diagnostics necessary for this numerical study , and verify them against theoretical shocking predictions for the dispersionless case . These predictions show Carrier Envelope Phase ( CEP ) and pulse bandwidth sensitivity in the single-cycle regime . The flexible dispersion management offered by PSSD enables us to independently control the linear and nonlinear dispersion . Customized dispersion profiles allow us to analyze the development of both carrier self-steepening and shocks . The results exhibit a marked asymmetry between normal and anomalous dispersion , both in the limits of the shocking regime and in the ( near ) shocked pulse waveforms . Combining these insights , we offer some suggestions on how carrier shocking ( or at least extreme self-steepening ) might be realised experimentally .
0704.1255	physics.flu-dyn nlin.CD	Two-way coupling of FENE dumbbells with a turbulent shear flow	We present numerical studies for finitely extensible nonlinear elastic ( FENE ) dumbbells which are dispersed in a turbulent plane shear flow at moderate Reynolds number . The polymer ensemble is described on the mesoscopic level by a set of stochastic ordinary differential equations with Brownian noise . The dynamics of the Newtonian solvent is determined by the Navier-Stokes equations . Momentum transfer of the dumbbells with the solvent is implemented by an additional volume forcing term in the Navier-Stokes equations , such that both components of the resulting viscoelastic fluid are connected by a two-way coupling . The dynamics of the dumbbells is given then by Newton 's second law of motion including small inertia effects . We investigate the dynamics of the flow for different degrees of dumbbell elasticity and inertia , as given by Weissenberg and Stokes numbers , respectively . For the parameters accessible in our study , the magnitude of the feedback of the polymers on the macroscopic properties of turbulence remains small as quantified by the global energy budget and the Reynolds stresses . A reduction of the turbulent drag by up to 20 % is observed for the larger particle inertia . The angular statistics of the dumbbells shows an increasing alignment with the mean flow direction for both , increasing elasticity and inertia . This goes in line with a growing asymmetry of the probability density function of the transverse derivative of the streamwise turbulent velocity component . We find that dumbbells get stretched referentially in regions where vortex stretching or bi-axial strain dominate the local dynamics and topology of the velocity gradient tensor .
0704.1262	physics.data-an cond-mat.other nlin.CD nucl-th	Symmetry Breaking Study with Deformed Ensembles	A random matrix model to describe the coupling of m-fold symmetry in constructed . The particular threefold case is used to analyze data on eigenfrequencies of elastomechanical vibration of an anisotropic quartz block . It is suggested that such experimental/theoretical study may supply powerful means to discern intrinsic symmetries in physical systems .
0704.1279	physics.optics	Wide-bandwidth , tunable , multiple-pulse-width optical delays using slow light in cesium vapor	We demonstrate an all-optical delay line in hot cesium vapor that tunably delays 275 ps input pulses up to 6.8 ns and 740 input ps pulses up to 59 ns ( group index of approximately 200 ) with little pulse distortion . The delay is made tunable with a fast reconfiguration time ( hundreds of ns ) by optically pumping out of the atomic ground states .
0704.1303	physics.gen-ph	General Doppler Shift Equation and the Possibility of Systematic Error in Calculation of Z for High Redshift Type Ia Supernovae	Systematic error in calculation of z for high redshift type Ia supernovae could help explain unexpected luminosity values that indicate an accelerating rate of expansion of the universe .
0704.1314	physics.flu-dyn	Acoustic resonances in microfluidic chips : full-image micro-PIV experiments and numerical simulations	We show that full-image micro-PIV analysis in combination with images of transient particle motion is a powerful tool for experimental studies of acoustic radiation forces and acoustic streaming in microfluidic chambers under piezo-actuation in the MHz range . The measured steady-state motion of both large 5 um and small 1 um particles can be understood in terms of the acoustic eigenmodes or standing ultra-sound waves in the given experimental microsystems . This interpretation is supported by numerical solutions of the corresponding acoustic wave equation .
0704.1319	physics.ed-ph	Using conceptual metaphor and functional grammar to explore how language used in physics affects student learning	This paper introduces a theory about the role of language in learning physics . The theory is developed in the context of physics students ' and physicists ' talking and writing about the subject of quantum mechanics . We found that physicists ' language encodes different varieties of analogical models through the use of grammar and conceptual metaphor . We hypothesize that students categorize concepts into ontological categories based on the grammatical structure of physicists ' language . We also hypothesize that students over-extend and misapply conceptual metaphors in physicists ' speech and writing . Using our theory , we will show how , in some cases , we can explain student difficulties in quantum mechanics as difficulties with language .
0704.1321	physics.flu-dyn	Reversed flow at low frequencies in a microfabricated AC electrokinetic pump	Microfluidic chips have been fabricated to study electrokinetic pumping generated by a low voltage AC signal applied to an asymmetric electrode array . A measurement procedure has been established and followed carefully resulting in a high degree of reproducibility of the measurements . Depending on the ionic concentration as well as the amplitude of the applied voltage , the observed direction of the DC flow component is either forward or reverse . The impedance spectrum has been thoroughly measured and analyzed in terms of an equivalent circuit diagram . Our observations agree qualitatively , but not quantitatively , with theoretical models published in the literature .
0704.1322	physics.gen-ph	Energy of 4-Dimensional Black Hole , etc	In this letter I suggest possible redefinition of mass density , not depending on speed of the mass element , which leads to a more simple stress-energy for an object . I calculate energy of black hole .
0704.1334	physics.ins-det	Fabrication of Analog Electronics for Serial Readout of Silicon Strip Sensors	A set of analog electronics boards for serial readout of silicon strip sensors was fabricated . A commercially available amplifier is mounted on a homemade hybrid board in order to receive analog signals from silicon strip sensors . Also , another homemade circuit board is fabricated in order to translate amplifier control signals into a suitable format and to provide bias voltage to the amplifier as well as to the silicon sensors . We discuss technical details of the fabrication process and performance of the circuit boards we developed .
