0712.3126	physics.bio-ph cond-mat.stat-mech physics.comp-ph	Diffusion-limited unbinding of small peptides from PDZ domains	PDZ domains are typical examples of binding motifs mediating the formation of protein-protein assemblies in many different cells . A quantitative characterization of the mechanisms intertwining structure , chemistry and dynamics with the PDZ function represent a challenge in molecular biology . Here we investigated the influence of native state topology on the thermodynamics and the dissociation kinetics for a complex PDZ-peptide via Molecular Dynamics simulations based on a coarse-grained description of PDZ domains . Our native-centric approach neglects chemical details but incorporates the basic structural information to reproduce the protein functional dynamics as it couples to the binding . We found that at physiological temperatures the unbinding of a peptide from the PDZ domain becomes increasingly diffusive rather than thermally activated , as a consequence of the significant reduction of the free energy barrier with temperature . In turn , this results in a significant slowing down of the process of two orders of magnitude with respect to the conventional Arrhenius extrapolation from low temperature calculations . Finally , a detailed analysis of a typical unbinding event based on the rupture times of single peptide-PDZ contacts allows to shed further light on the dissociation mechanism and to elaborate a coherent picture of the relation between function and dynamics in PDZ domains .
0712.3132	physics.optics physics.class-ph	On the electromagnetic properties of active media	Several results concerning active media or metamaterials are proved and discussed . In particular , we consider the permittivity , permeability , wave vector , and refractive index , and discuss stability , refraction , gain , and fundamental limitations resulting from causality .
0712.3156	physics.optics physics.class-ph	Enhanced Transmission of Light and Particle Waves through Subwavelength Nanoapertures by Far-Field Interference	Subwavelength aperture arrays in thin metal films can enable enhanced transmission of light and matter ( atom ) waves . The phenomenon relies on resonant excitation and interference of the plasmon or matter waves on the metal surface . We show a new mechanism that could provide a great resonant and nonresonant transmission enhancement of the light or de Broglie particle waves passed through the apertures not by the surface waves , but by the constructive interference of diffracted waves ( beams generated by the apertures ) at the detector placed in the far-field zone . In contrast to other models , the mechanism depends neither on the nature ( light or matter ) of the beams ( continuous waves or pulses ) nor on material and shape of the multiple-beam source ( arrays of 1-D and 2-D subwavelength apertures , fibers , dipoles or atoms ) . The Wood anomalies in transmission spectra of gratings , a long standing problem in optics , follow naturally from the interference properties of our model . The new point is the prediction of the Wood anomaly in a classical Young-type two-source system . The new mechanism could be interpreted as a non-quantum analog of the superradiance emission of a subwavelength ensemble of atoms ( the light power and energy scales as the number of light-sources squared , regardless of periodicity ) predicted by the well-known Dicke quantum model .
0712.3174	physics.space-ph physics.ao-ph	Application of afxy-code for parameterization of ionization yield function Y in the atmosphere for primary cosmic ray protons	In this work is obtained new approximation for the yield function Y for cosmic ray induced ionization in the Earth atmosphere on the basis of simulated data . The parameterization is obtained using inverse nonlinear problem solution with afxy ( analyze fx=y ) -code . Short description of the methods is given . The found approximation is for primary proton nuclei , inclined up to 70 degrees zenith angle . This permits to estimate the direct ionization by primary cosmic rays explicitly . The parameterization is applicable to the entire atmosphere , from ground level to upper atmosphere . Several implications of the found parameterization are discussed .
0712.3214	physics.data-an	Symmetry Breaking Study with Random Matrix Ensembles	A random matrix model to describe the coupling of $ m $ -fold symmetry is constructed . The particular threefold case is used to analyze data on eigenfrequencies of elastomechanical vibration of an anisotropic quartz block . It is suggested that such experimental/theoretical study may supply a powerful means to discern intrinsic symmetry of physical systems .
0712.3253	physics.atm-clus physics.atom-ph	Destruction and Resurrection of Atomic Giant resonances in Endohedral Atoms A @ C60	It is demonstrated that in photoabsorption by endohedral atoms some atomic Giant resonances are almost completely destroyed while the others are totally preserved due to different action on it of the fullerenes shell . As the first example we discuss the 4d10 Giant resonance in Xe @ C60 whereas as the second serves the Giant autoionization resonance in Eu @ C60 . The qualitative difference comes from the fact that photoelectrons from the 4d Giant resonance has small energies ( tens of eV ) and are strongly reflected by the C60 fullerenes shell . As to the Eu @ C60 , Giant autoionization leads to fast photoelectrons ( about hundred eV ) that go out almost untouched by the C60 shell . As a result of the outgoing electrons energy difference the atomic Giant resonances will be largely destroyed in A @ C60 while the Giant autoionization resonance will be almost completely preserved . Thus , on the way from Xe @ C60 Giant resonance to Eu @ C60 Giant autoionization resonance the oscillation structure should disappear . Similar will be the decrease of oscillations on the way from pure Giant to pure Giant autoionization resonances for the angular anisotropy parameters . At Giant resonance frequencies the role of polarization of the fullerenes shell by the incoming photon beam is inessential . Quite different is the situation for the outer electrons in Eu @ C60 , the photoionization of which will be also considered .
0712.3258	physics.optics quant-ph	Systematic Numerical Study of the Propagation of Monochromatic Radiation through a Stationary Atmosphere in a Model of Plane Plane-Parallel Layers	In this paper , the authors compare the security bounds for different quantum communication protocols with the numerically evaluated losses in the transmission channel , due to the interaction between the atmosphere and the photon , which is the information carrier . The analysis is carried out using a free-source library , which can solve the radiative transfer equation for a parallel-plane atmosphere .
0712.3281	physics.flu-dyn physics.space-ph	Bifurcations of Free Thermal Vibrational Convection in Cylindrical Fluid Layer in Micro-Gravity : Numerical and Analytical Research	The analysis of vibration effect on non-isothermal fluid in closed cavity is important for planning technological experiments in space . Control and optimization of these processes critically depend on the understanding of liquid response to the vibrations . With this aim the theoretical investigation for infinite plane and cylindrical fluid layers are performed . We investigated simple case of the fluid response-thermal vibrational convection in a cylindrical fluid layer with rigid conducting boundaries . It is found that steady modes of thermal vibrational convection are subjected to various bifurcations . Bifurcations cause sharp changes in heat transfer . The Lorenz model is generalized ( GLM ) and used to conduct the analysis of bifurcations caused by the changing of the cavity shape and vibrational Rayleigh number . The shape of steady-state surface in 3D space of the streamfunction of mean flow , vibrational Rayleigh number and the cavity curvature is found . The numerical 2D solution is performed for plane and cylindrical fluid layers . The results of the analysis based on the GLM model are compared with the data obtained by direct numerical simulation . The bifurcation curve with extremum is found . Thus , bifurcations of complex shape could be observed . Comparisons with space experiments and its discussions are presented .
0712.3295	physics.optics physics.ins-det	High performance NbN nanowire superconducting single photon detectors fabricated on MgO substrates	We demonstrate high-performance nanowire superconducting single photon detectors ( SSPDs ) on ultrathin NbN films grown at a temperature compatible with monolithic integration . NbN films ranging from 150nm to 3nm in thickness were deposited by dc magnetron sputtering on MgO substrates at 400C . The superconducting properties of NbN films were optimized studying the effects of deposition parameters on film properties . SSPDs were fabricated on high quality NbN films of different thickness ( 7 to 3nm ) deposited under optimal conditions . Electrical and optical characterizations were performed on the SSPDs . The highest QE value measured at 4.2K is 20 % at 1300nm .
0712.3302	physics.plasm-ph	Using dust particle vertical chains for wakefield investigation	Dust particles often form vertical chains due to the influence of the wakefield produced by the streaming ions in the plasma sheath . These particle chains are proving useful as a unique diagnostic tool for investigating the physics behind the basic properties of the ion wakefield within the plasma sheath . In this paper , an experimental method is presented for investigating the ion wakefield which employs a new oscillation technique designed to perturb a two-particle vertical chain . Using this technique , damped free fall oscillations are generated via an external DC bias to the lower electrode . A fast Fourier transformation is then used to produce a spectrum from the collected oscillation data and a center of mass oscillation is identified .
0712.3316	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Site-resolved Bragg scattering	We numerically calculate the reliability with which one can optically determine the presence or absence of an individual scatterer in a randomly occupied 3D array of well-localized , coherently radiating scatterers . The reliability depends in a complicated way on the ratio of lattice spacing to wavelength and the numerical aperture of the imaging system . The behavior can be qualitatively understood by considering the dependence of Bragg scattering modes on lattice spacing . These results are of interest for atomic implementations of quantum information processing .
