0708.4253	physics.soc-ph physics.comp-ph	An exhaustive exploration of the parameter space of the Prisoners' Dilemma in one-dimensional cellular automata	The Prisoner 's Dilemma ( PD ) is one of the most popular games of the Game Theory due to the emergence of cooperation among competitive rational players . In this paper , we present the PD played in cells of one-dimension cellular automata , where the number of possible neighbors that each cell interacts , z , can vary . This makes possible to retrieve results obtained previously in regular lattices . Exhaustive exploration of the parameters space is presented . We show that the final state of the system is governed mainly by the number of neighbors z and there is a drastic difference if it is even or odd .
0708.4289	physics.gen-ph	The rest mass of a system of two photons in different inertial reference frames : 0+0=0 and 0+0 > 0	We show that the rest mass of a system consisting of two photons is a relativistic invariant having the same magnitude in all inertial reference frames in relative motion . A scenario which starts with two photons where theirs frequencies are equal to each other the magnitude of the rest mass of the system depends on the angle made by the momentums of the two photons . The behavior of the photons when detected from two inertial reference frames is illustrated using a relativistic diagram which displays in true values the physical quantities ( scalar and vector ) introduced in order to characterize the dynamical properties of the photon . We consider that the obtained results should be taken in the discussions , some time fierce , between those who ban the concept of relativistic mass and those who consider that its use is harmless .
0708.4291	physics.flu-dyn	Polymer and surface roughness effects on the drag crisis for falling spheres	We make time resolved velocity measurements of steel spheres in free fall through liquid using a continuous ultrasound technique . We explore two different ways to induce large changes in drag on the spheres : 1 ) a small quantity of viscoelastic polymer added to water and 2 ) altering the surface of the sphere . Low concentration polymer solutions and/or a pattern of grooves in the sphere surface induce an early drag crisis , which may reduce drag by more than 50 percent compared to smooth spheres in pure water . On the other hand , random surface roughness and/or high concentration polymer solutions reduce drag progressively and suppress the drag crisis . We also present a qualititative argument which ties the drag reduction observed in low concentration polymer solutions to the Weissenberg number and normal stress difference .
0708.4293	physics.flu-dyn	Viscous Withdrawal of Miscible Liquid Layers	In viscous withdrawal , a converging flow imposed in an upper layer of viscous liquid entrains liquid from a lower , stably stratified layer . Using the idea that a thin tendril is entrained by a local straining flow , we propose a scaling law for the volume flux of liquid entrained from miscible liquid layers . A long-wavelength model including only local information about the withdrawal flow is degenerate , with multiple tendril solutions for one withdrawal condition . Including information about the global geometry of the withdrawal flow removes the degeneracy while introducing only a logarithmic dependence on the global flow parameters into the scaling law .
0708.4317	physics.plasm-ph	Bifurcation in electrostatic resistive drift wave turbulence	The Hasegawa-Wakatani equations , coupling plasma density and electrostatic potential through an approximation to the physics of parallel electron motions , are a simple model that describes resistive drift wave turbulence . We present numerical analyses of bifurcation phenomena in the model that provide new insights into the interactions between turbulence and zonal flows in the tokamak plasma edge region . The simulation results show a regime where , after an initial transient , drift wave turbulence is suppressed through zonal flow generation . As a parameter controlling the strength of the turbulence is tuned , this zonal flow dominated state is rapidly destroyed and a turbulence-dominated state re-emerges . The transition is explained in terms of the Kelvin-Helmholtz stability of zonal flows . This is the first observation of an upshift of turbulence onset in the resistive drift wave system , which is analogous to the well-known Dimits shift in turbulence driven by ion temperature gradients .
0708.4343	physics.soc-ph	Order preservation in a generalized version of Krause 's opinion dynamics model	Krause 's model of opinion dynamics has recently been the object of several studies , partly because it is one of the simplest multi-agent systems involving position-dependent changing topologies . In this model , agents have an opinion represented by a real number and they update it by averaging those agent opinions distant from their opinion by less than a certain interaction radius . Some results obtained on this model rely on the fact that the opinion orders remain unchanged under iteration , a property that is consistent with the intuition in models with simultaneous updating on a fully connected communication topology . Several variations of this model have been proposed . We show that some natural variations are not order preserving and therefore cause potential problems with the theoretical analysis and the consistence with the intuition . We consider a generic version of Krause 's model parameterized by an influence function that encapsulates most of the variations proposed in the literature . We then derive a necessary and sufficient condition on this function for the opinion order to be preserved .
0708.4348	physics.chem-ph physics.comp-ph	An optimized algebraic basis for molecular potentials	The computation of vibrational spectra of diatomic molecules through the exact diagonalization of algebraically determined matrixes based on powers of Morse coordinates is made substantially more efficient by choosing a properly adapted quantum-mechanical basis , specifically tuned to the molecular potential . A substantial improvement is achieved while still retaining the full advantage of the simplicity and numerical light-weightedness of an algebraic approach . In the scheme we propose , the basis is parameterized by two quantities which can be adjusted to best suit the molecular potential through a simple minimization procedure .
0708.4360	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech	Modeling urban street patterns	Urban streets patterns form planar networks whose empirical properties can not be accounted for by simple models such as regular grids or Voronoi tesselations . Striking statistical regularities across different cities have been recently empirically found , suggesting that a general and details-independent mechanism may be in action . We propose a simple model based on a local optimization process combined with ideas previously proposed in studies of leaf pattern formation . The statistical properties of this model are in good agreement with the observed empirical patterns . Our results thus suggests that in the absence of a global design strategy , the evolution of many different transportation networks indeed follow a simple universal mechanism .
0708.4368	physics.geo-ph	Parabolic dunes in north-eastern Brazil	In this work we present measurements of vegetation cover over parabolic dunes with different degree of activation along the north-eastern Brazilian coast . We are able to extend the local values of the vegetation cover density to the whole dune by correlating measurements with the gray-scale levels of a high resolution satellite image of the dune field . The empirical vegetation distribution is finally used to validate the results of a recent continuous model of dune motion coupling sand erosion and vegetation growth .
0708.4373	physics.chem-ph physics.comp-ph	Systematic calculation of molecular vibrational spectra through a complete Morse expansion	We propose an accurate and efficient method to compute vibrational spectra of molecules , based on exact diagonalization of an algebraically calculated matrix based on powers of Morse coordinate . The present work focuses on the 1D potential of diatomic molecules : as typical examples , we apply this method to the standard Lennard-Jones oscillator , and to the ab initio potential of the H2 molecule . Global cm-1 accuracy is exhibited through the H2 spectrum , obtained through the diagonalization of a 30 x 30 matrix . This theory is at the root of a new method to obtain globally accurate vibrational spectral data in the context of the multi-dimensional potential of polyatomic molecules , at an affordable computational cost .
0708.4382	physics.optics	Sensitivity of photonic crystal fiber grating sensors : biosensing , refractive index , strain , and temperature sensing	We study the sensitivity of fiber grating sensors in the applications of strain , temperature , internal label-free biosensing , and internal refractive index sensing . It is shown that optical dispersion plays a central role in determining the sensitivity , and the dispersion may enhance or suppress sensitivity as well as change the sign of the resonant wavelength shifts . We propose a quality factor , $ Q $ , for characterizing LPGs .
0709.0014	physics.atom-ph	Accurate determination of electric-dipole matrix elements in K and Rb from Stark shift measurements	Stark shifts of potassium and rubidium D1 lines have been measured with high precision by Miller et al [ 1 ] . In this work , we combine these measurements with our all-order calculations to determine the values of the electric-dipole matrix elements for the 4p_j-3d_j ' transitions in K and for the 5p_j-4d_j' transitions in Rb to high precision . The 4p_1/2-3d_3/2 and 5p_1/2-4d_3/2 transitions contribute on the order of 90 % to the respective polarizabilities of the np_1/2 states in K and Rb , and the remaining 10 % can be accurately calculated using the relativistic all-order method . Therefore , the combination of the experimental data and theoretical calculations allows us to determine the np- ( n-1 ) d matrix elements and their uncertainties . We compare these values with our all-order calculations of the np- ( n-1 ) d matrix elements in K and Rb for a benchmark test of the accuracy of the all-order method for transitions involving nd states . Such matrix elements are of special interest for many applications , such as determination of magic wavelengths in alkali-metal atoms for state-insensitive cooling and trapping and determination of blackbody radiation shifts in optical frequency standards with ions .
