0708.4038	physics.optics	Studies of magnetogyration in cubic Bi12GeO20 crystals using small-angular magnetooptic polarimetry	We present the results of studies for magnetogyration ( MG ) effect in non-centro-symmetric , non-polar Bi12GeO20 crystals performed with the small-angular polarimetric mapping technique . The magnitude of MG rotation obtained with the small-angular mapping is close to the corresponding values obtained recently on the basis of single-ray polarimetry . Our results demonstrate that multiple reflections of light play a key role in the studies of MG effect in Bi12GeO20 crystals . They lead to the error , which is at least two times as large as the expected value of the MG rotation .
0708.4072	physics.atom-ph	Autoionization of spin-polarized metastable helium in tight anisotropic harmonic traps	Spin-dipole mediated interactions between tightly confined metastable helium atoms couple the spin-polarized quintet $ { } ^ { 5 } \Sigma^ { + } _ { g } $ state to the singlet $ { } ^ { 1 } \Sigma^ { + } _ { g } $ state from which autoionization is highly probable , resulting in finite lifetimes for the trap eigenstates . We extend our earlier study on spherically symmetric harmonic traps to the interesting cases of axially symmetric anisotropic harmonic traps and report results for the lowest 10 states in `` cigar-like '' and `` pancake-like '' traps with average frequencies of 100 kHz and 1 MHz . We find that there is a significant suppression of ionization , and subsequent increase in lifetimes , at trap aspect ratios $ A=p/q $ , where $ p $ and $ q $ are integers , for those states that are degenerate in the absence of collisions or spin-dipole interactions .
0708.4111	physics.optics physics.soc-ph	Full Spectrum Diffused and Beamed Solar Energy Application Using Optical Fibre	Existing solar energy application systems use small fraction of full spectrum of solar energy . So attempts are made to show how full spectrum solar energy can be used for diffused and beamed form of incident solar energy . Luminescent Solar Concentrator ( LSC ) principle with optical fibre in diffused sun light and dielectric mirror separation technique with optical fibre in beamed form are discussed . Comparison of both the cases are done . Keywords : full spectrum , solar photonics , diffused solar energy , beamed solar energy , LSC , dielectric mirror , optical fibre , Photo-Voltaic
0708.4112	physics.optics	Phase coherence and extreme self phase modulation	I study how pulse to pulse phase coherence in a pulse train can survive super-broadening by extreme self phase modulation ( SPM ) . Such pulse trains have been used in phase self-stabilizing schemes as an alternative to using a feedback process . However , such super-broadened pulses have undergone considerable distortion , and it is far from obvious that they necessarily retain any useful phase information . I propose measures of phase coherence ( i.e . supercontinuum coherence ) applicable to such pulse trains , and use them to analyze numerical simulations comparable to self-stabilization experiments .
0708.4113	physics.optics	Conoscopic Patterns for Optically Uniaxial Gyrotropic Crystals in the Vicinity of Isotropic Point	We have presented computer simulations of conoscopic patterns occurring in optically uniaxial gyrotropic crystals in the vicinity of isotropic point for a number of sets of crystal parameters and orientations . The appearance of special directions characterized by equalization of linear and circular birefringences has been revealed .
0708.4130	physics.optics	Electrically and magnetically induced optical rotation in Pb5Ge3O11 : Cr crystals at the phase transition . 1 . Electrogyration effect in Pb5Ge3O11 : Cr	We present the results of studies for temperature dependences of electrogyration ( EG ) effect and natural optical activity in Pb5Ge3O11 : Cr crystals . Extremely high magnitude of EG coefficient is found for these crystals . We also demonstrate how the Curie-Weiss constant , the critical exponents of the order parameter and the dielectric permittivity , as well as the coefficients of thermodynamic potential , could be derived from the temperature dependences of optical activity and EG coefficient .
0708.4158	physics.optics	Application of Small-Angular Magnetooptic Polarimetry for Study of Magnetogyration in ( Ga0.3In0.7 ) 2Se3 and SiO2 Crystals	We present the results of studies for magnetogyration ( MG ) effect in ( Ga0.3In0.7 ) 2Se3 and SiO2 crystals performed with the small-angular polarimetric mapping technique . It is shown that the MG effect magnitude is comparable with the experimental error .
0708.4180	physics.gen-ph	On The Arrow of Time	The interface between classical physics and quantum physics is explained from the point of view of quantum information theory ( Feynman Processes ) . The interpretation depends on a hefty sacrifice : the classical determinism or the arrow of time . The wave-particle duality steams from the qubit model , as the root of creation and annihilation of possibilities . A few key experiments are briefly reviewed from the above perspective : quantum erasure , delayed-choice and wave-particle correlation . The CPT-Theorem is interpreted in the framework of categories with duality and a timeless interpretation of the Feynman Processes is proposed . A connection between the fine-structure constant and algebraic number theory is suggested .
0708.4182	physics.comp-ph physics.class-ph	Lattice Boltzmann simulation of electrowetting-on-dielectric in a rough-wall channel	A lattice Boltzmann model was proposed to simulate electrowetting-on-dielectric ( EWOD ) . The insulative vapor and the electrolyte liquid droplet were simulated by the lattice Boltzmann method respectively , and the linear property between cosine of contact angle and the electric field force confirms the reliability of this model . In the simulation of electrolyte flowing in a rough-wall channel under an external electric field , we found that a narrow channel is more sensitive than a broad channel and the flux decreases monotonously as the electric field increase , but may suddenly increase if the electric field is strong enough .
0708.4193	physics.gen-ph	On the temperature of the moving rod	In this paper the Lorentz transformation for temperature is derived and discussed . Considering the hyperbolic heat transport equation it is shown that T ( prim ) = gamma T , where gamma is the Lorentz factor , T denotes the temperature in the rest system and T ( prim ) is the temperature in the moving system ( rod ) .
0708.4194	physics.gen-ph physics.class-ph	Nonlinear electrostatics : steps towards a neoclassical electron model	The equations of electrostatics are presented in pre-metric form , and it is pointed out that if the origin of the nonlinearity is the constitutive law for the medium then the differential equations themselves remain linear , while the nonlinearity is confined to an algebraic equation . These equations are solved for a general class of electric fields that include the common textbook examples , namely , fields that are adapted to a coordinate vector field . The special forms that they then take for particular electric constitutive laws of quantum origin , namely , the constitutive laws derived from the Born-Infeld and Heisenberg-Euler Lagrangians , are then discussed . Finally , the classical problem of modeling the electron is redefined in light of the established facts of quantum physics .
0708.4198	physics.ao-ph physics.flu-dyn	Tracing the early development of harmful algal blooms with the aid of Lagrangian coherent structures	Several theories have been proposed to explain the development of harmful algal blooms ( HABs ) produced by the toxic dinoflagellate \emph { Karenia brevis } on the West Florida Shelf . However , because the early stages of HAB development are usually not detected , these theories have been so far very difficult to verify . In this paper we employ simulated \emph { Lagrangian coherent structures } ( LCSs ) to trace the early location of a HAB in late 2004 before it was transported to an area where it could be detected by satellite imagery , and then we make use of a population dynamics model to infer the factors that may have led to its development . The LCSs , which are computed based on a surface flow description provided by an ocean circulation model , delineate past and future histories of boundaries of passively advected fluid domains . The population dynamics model determines nitrogen in two components , nutrients and phytoplankton , which are assumed to be passively advected by the simulated surface currents . Two nearshore nutrient sources are identified for the HAB whose evolution is found to be strongly tied to the simulated LCSs . While one nutrient source can be associated with a coastal upwelling event , the other is seen to be produced by river runoff , which provides support to a theory of HAB development that considers nutrient loading into coastal waters produced by human activities as a critical element . Our results show that the use of simulated LCSs and a population dynamics model can greatly enhance our understanding of the early stages of the development of HABs .
0708.4229	physics.med-ph	In-vivo measurement of the human soft tissues constitutive laws . Applications to Computer Aided Surgery	In the 80 's , biomechanicians were asked to work on Computer Aided Surgery applications since orthopaedic surgeons were looking for numerical tools able to predict risks of fractures . More recently , biomechanicians started to address soft tissues arguing that most of the human body is made of such tissues that can move as well as deform during surgical gestures [ 1 ] . An intra-operative use of a continuous Finite Element ( FE ) Model of a given tissue mainly faces two problems : ( 1 ) the numerical simulations have to be '' interactive '' , i.e . sufficiently fast to provide results during surgery ( which can be a strong issue in the context of hyperelastic models for example ) and ( 2 ) during the intervention , the surgeon needs a device that can be used to provide to the model an estimation of the patient-specific constitutive behaviour of the soft tissues . This work proposes an answer to the second point , with the design of a new aspiration device aiming at characterizing the in vivo constitutive laws of human soft tissues . The device was defined in order to permit sterilization as well an easy intra-operative use .
0708.4249	physics.hist-ph	Examples of the Zeroth Theorem of the History of Physics	The zeroth theorem of the history of science ( enunciated by E. P. Fischer ) and widely known in the mathematics community as Arnol'd 's Principle ( decreed by M. V. Berry ) , states that a discovery ( rule , regularity , insight ) named after someone ( often ) did not originate with that person . I present five examples from physics : the Lorentz condition defining the Lorentz gauge of the electromagnetic potentials ; the Dirac delta function ( x ) ; the Schumann resonances of the earth-ionosphere cavity ; the Weizsacker-Williams method of virtual quanta ; the BMT equation of spin dynamics . I give illustrated thumbnail sketches of both the true and reputed discoverers and quote from their '' discovery '' publications .
