0707.1189	physics.optics	Air-clad fibers : pump absorption assisted by chaotic wave dynamics ?	Wave chaos is a concept which has already proved its practical usefulness in design of double-clad fibers for cladding-pumped fiber lasers and fiber amplifiers . In general , classically chaotic geometries will favor strong pump absorption and we address the extent of chaotic wave dynamics in typical air-clad geometries . While air-clad structures supporting sup-wavelength convex air-glass interfaces ( viewed from the high-index side ) will promote chaotic dynamics we find guidance of regular whispering-gallery modes in air-clad structures resembling an overall cylindrical symmetry . Highly symmetric air-clad structures may thus suppress the pump-absorption efficiency eta below the ergodic scaling law eta proportional to Ac/Acl , where Ac and Acl are the areas of the rare-earth doped core and the cladding , respectively .
0707.1194	physics.optics cond-mat.other	Liquid-infiltrated photonic crystals - enhanced light-matter interactions for lab-on-a-chip applications	Optical techniques are finding widespread use in analytical chemistry for chemical and bio-chemical analysis . During the past decade , there has been an increasing emphasis on miniaturization of chemical analysis systems and naturally this has stimulated a large effort in integrating microfluidics and optics in lab-on-a-chip microsystems . This development is partly defining the emerging field of optofluidics . Scaling analysis and experiments have demonstrated the advantage of micro-scale devices over their macroscopic counterparts for a number of chemical applications . However , from an optical point of view , miniaturized devices suffer dramatically from the reduced optical path compared to macroscale experiments , e.g . in a cuvette . Obviously , the reduced optical path complicates the application of optical techniques in lab-on-a-chip systems . In this paper we theoretically discuss how a strongly dispersive photonic crystal environment may be used to enhance the light-matter interactions , thus potentially compensating for the reduced optical path in lab-on-a-chip systems . Combining electromagnetic perturbation theory with full-wave electromagnetic simulations we address the prospects for achieving slow-light enhancement of Beer-Lambert-Bouguer absorption , photonic band-gap based refractometry , and high-Q cavity sensing .
0707.1198	physics.acc-ph hep-ex	Hector , a fast simulator for the transport of particles in beamlines	Computing the trajectories of particles in generic beamlines is an important ingredient of experimental particle physics , in particular regarding near-beam detectors . A new tool , Hector , has been built for such calculations , using the transfer matrix approach and energy corrections . The limiting aperture effects are also taken into account . As an illustration , the tool was used to simulate the LHC beamlines , in particular around the high luminosity interaction points ( IPs ) , and validated with results of the Mad-X simulator . The LHC beam profiles , trajectories and beta functions are presented . Assuming certain forward proton detector scenarios around the IP5 , acceptance plots , irradiation doses and chromaticity grids are produced . Furthermore , the reconstruction of proton kinematic variables at the IP ( energy and angle ) is studied as well as the impact of the misalignment of beamline elements .
0707.1216	physics.class-ph physics.gen-ph	Effective chiral magnetic currents , topological magnetic charges , and microwave vortices in a cavity with an enclosed ferrite disk	In microwaves , a TE-polarized rectangular-waveguide resonator with an inserted thin ferrite disk gives an example of a nonintegrable system . The interplay of reflection and transmission at the disk interfaces together with the material gyrotropy effect gives rise to whirlpool-like electromagnetic vortices in the proximity of the ferromagnetic resonance . Based on numerical simulation , we show that a character of microwave vortices in a cavity can be analyzed by means of consideration of equivalent magnetic currents . Maxwell equations allows introduction of a magnetic current as a source of the electromagnetic field . Specifically , we found that in such nonintegrable structures , magnetic gyrotropy and geometrical factors leads to the effect of symmetry breaking resulting in effective chiral magnetic currents and topological magnetic charges . As an intriguing fact , one can observe precessing behavior of the electric-dipole polarization inside a ferrite disk .
0707.1236	physics.class-ph physics.gen-ph	Microwave whirlpools in a rectangular-waveguide cavity with a thin ferrite disk	We study a three dimensional system of a rectangular-waveguide resonator with an inserted thin ferrite disk . The interplay of reflection and transmission at the disk interfaces together with material gyrotropy effect , gives rise to a rich variety of wave phenomena . We analyze the wave propagation based on full Maxwell-equation numerical solutions of the problem . We show that the power-flow lines of the microwave-cavity field interacting with a ferrite disk , in the proximity of its ferromagnetic resonance , form whirlpool-like electromagnetic vortices . Such vortices are characterized by the dynamical symmetry breaking . The role of ohmic losses in waveguide walls and dielectric and magnetic losses in a disk is a subject of our investigations .
0707.1245	physics.ins-det	CALICE Report to the Calorimeter R & D Review Panel	The report describes the status of the calorimeter R & D for ILC detector performed in the CALICE collaboration . This status has been presented to the review panel at the LCWS07 workshop at DESY in June 2007 .
0707.1249	physics.soc-ph	Coevolution of agents and networks in an epidemiological model	We study the spreading of an infection within an SIS epidemiological model on a network . Susceptible agents are given the opportunity of breaking their links with infected agents , and reconnecting those links with the rest of the population . Thus , the network coevolves with the population as the infection progresses . We show that a moderate reconnection frequency is enough to completely suppress the infection . A partial , rather weak isolation of infected agents suffices to eliminate the endemic state .
0707.1276	physics.geo-ph physics.ao-ph	Quantitative implications of the secondary role of carbon dioxide climate forcing in the past glacial-interglacial cycles for the likely future climatic impacts of anthropogenic greenhouse-gas forcings	A review of the recent refereed literature fails to confirm quantitatively that carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) radiative forcing was the prime mover in the changes in temperature , ice-sheet volume , and related climatic variables in the glacial and interglacial periods of the past 650,000 years , even under the `` fast response '' framework where the convenient if artificial distinction between forcing and feedback is assumed . Atmospheric CO2 variations generally follow changes in temperature and other climatic variables rather than preceding them . Likewise , there is no confirmation of the often-posited significant supporting role of methane ( CH4 ) forcing , which despite its faster atmospheric response time is simply too small , amounting to less than 0.2 W/m2 from a change of 400 ppb . We can not quantitatively validate the numerous qualitative suggestions that the CO2 and CH4 forcings that occurred in response to the Milankovich orbital cycles accounted for more than half of the amplitude of the changes in the glacial/interglacial cycles of global temperature , sea level , and ice volume . Consequently , we infer that natural climatic variability notably the persistence of insolation forcing at key seasons and geographical locations , taken with closely-related thermal , hydrological , and cryospheric changes ( such as the water vapor , cloud , and ice-albedo feedbacks ) suffices in se to explain the proxy-derived , global and regional , climatic and environmental phase-transitions in the paleoclimate . If so , it may be appropriate to place anthropogenic greenhouse-gas emissions in context by separating their medium-term climatic impacts from those of a host of natural forcings and feedbacks that may , as in paleoclimatological times , prove just as significant .
0707.1312	physics.geo-ph	Etude Des Signaux Recueillis Par Un Radar Embarque Sur Un Vehicule En Deplacement . Application a L'Interpretation Des Signaux Recoltes Par Le Radar Wisdom De la Mission Spatiale Exomars	The ExoMars mission of the program Aurora ( ESA ) aims to send a vehicle ( Rover ) on Mars in 2013 . Beyond the technological aspects of the mission , the Rover will also carry scientific instruments for the analysis of Mars subsurface to search traces of past or present life in the Martian soil . The Rover will embark a drilling machine which will give access to samples of sub-surface of Mars to 2 meters depth . This constitutes the great originality of ExoMars , because the Mars sub-surface remains still unknown and seems to be the best place to shelter good conditions to create life . This drilling machine will be guided by a radar system sounder UHF , the WISDOM instrument , which will also make possible to probe the Mars sub-surface to a few meters of depth to detect water and to study the geological structures . We have analytical and numerical electromagnetic models to simulate the behavior of an electromagnetic wave in the Mars sub-surface , but also to simulate the interactions between the wave and the structure of the Rover . The objective of the work which we present consists in the study of the factors able to create disturbances of measurements in order to correct the effects on the measured signal . Initially we present the solution which we retained in order to be able during the same calculation to simulate the displacement of the Rover on several tens of meters . We also present the results relating to the effect of the orientation of the antenna during displacement due to topography of the observation site .
0707.1315	physics.optics math-ph math.MP	Effectiveness and improvement of cylindrical cloaking with the SHS lining	We analyze , both analytically and numerically , the effectiveness of cloaking an infinite cylinder from observations by electromagnetic waves in three dimensions . We show that , as truncated approximations of the ideal permittivity and permeability tensors tend towards the singular ideal cloaking fields , so that the anisotropy ratio tends to infinity , the $ D $ and $ B $ fields blow up near the cloaking surface . We also consider cloaking with and without the SHS ( soft-and-hard surface ) lining . We demonstrate numerically that cloaking is significantly improved by the SHS lining , with both the far field of the scattered wave significantly reduced and the blow up of $ D $ and $ B $ prevented .
