0704.2946	physics.ins-det astro-ph	Background study for the pn-CCD detector of CERN Axion Solar Telescope	The CERN Axion Solar Telescope ( CAST ) experiment searches for axions from the Sun converted into photons with energies up to around 10 keV via the inverse Primakoff effect in the high magnetic field of a superconducting Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) prototype magnet . A backside illuminated pn-CCD detector in conjunction with an X-ray mirror optics is one of the three detectors used in CAST to register the expected photon signal . Since this signal is very rare and different background components ( environmental gamma radiation , cosmic rays , intrinsic radioactive impurities in the set-up , ... ) entangle it , a detailed study of the detector background has been undertaken with the aim to understand and further reduce the background level of the detector . The analysis is based on measured data taken during the Phase I of CAST and on Monte Carlo simulations of different background components . This study will show that the observed background level ( at a rate of ( 8.00+-0.07 ) 10^-5 counts/cm^2/s/keV between 1 and 7 keV ) seems to be dominated by the external gamma background due to usual activities at the experimental site , while radioactive impurities in the detector itself and cosmic neutrons could make just smaller contribution .
0704.2951	physics.soc-ph	Recursive weighted treelike networks	We propose a geometric growth model for weighted scale-free networks , which is controlled by two tunable parameters . We derive exactly the main characteristics of the networks , which are partially determined by the parameters . Analytical results indicate that the resulting networks have power-law distributions of degree , strength , weight and betweenness , a scale-free behavior for degree correlations , logarithmic small average path length and diameter with network size . The obtained properties are in agreement with empirical data observed in many real-life networks , which shows that the presented model may provide valuable insight into the real systems .
0704.2955	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.other physics.data-an	How a `` Hit '' is Born : The Emergence of Popularity from the Dynamics of Collective Choice	In recent times there has been a surge of interest in seeking out patterns in the aggregate behavior of socio-economic systems . One such domain is the emergence of statistical regularities in the evolution of collective choice from individual behavior . This is manifested in the sudden emergence of popularity or `` success '' of certain ideas or products , compared to their numerous , often very similar , competitors . In this paper , we present an empirical study of a wide range of popularity distributions , spanning from scientific paper citations to movie gross income . Our results show that in the majority of cases , the distribution follows a log-normal form , suggesting that multiplicative stochastic processes are the basis for emergence of popular entities . This suggests the existence of some general principles of complex organization leading to the emergence of popularity . We discuss the theoretical principles needed to explain this socio-economic phenomenon , and present a model for collective behavior that exhibits bimodality , which has been observed in certain empirical popularity distributions .
0704.2965	physics.atom-ph	Relativistic corrections of order m\alpha^6 to the two-center problem	Effective potentials of the relativistic m\alpha^6 order correction for the ground state of the Coulomb two-center problem are calculated . They can be used to evaluate the relativistic contribution of that order to the energies of hydrogen molecular ions or metastable states of the antiprotonic helium atom , where precision spectroscopic data are available . In our studies we use the variational expansion based on randomly chosen exponents that permits to achieve high numerical accuracy .
0704.2987	physics.chem-ph cond-mat.mtrl-sci physics.atom-ph	How tight is the Lieb-Oxford bound ?	Density-functional theory requires ever better exchange-correlation ( xc ) functionals for the ever more precise description of many-body effects on electronic structure . Universal constraints on the xc energy are important ingredients in the construction of improved functionals . Here we investigate one such universal property of xc functionals : the Lieb-Oxford lower bound on the exchange-correlation energy , $ E_ { xc } [ n ] \ge -C \int d^3r n^ { 4/3 } $ , where $ C\leq C_ { LO } =1.68 $ . To this end , we perform a survey of available exact or near-exact data on xc energies of atoms , ions , molecules , solids , and some model Hamiltonians ( the electron liquid , Hooke 's atom and the Hubbard model ) . All physically realistic density distributions investigated are consistent with the tighter limit $ C \leq 1 $ . For large classes of systems one can obtain class-specific ( but not fully universal ) similar bounds . The Lieb-Oxford bound with $ C_ { LO } =1.68 $ is a key ingredient in the construction of modern xc functionals , and a substantial change in the prefactor $ C $ will have consequences for the performance of these functionals .
0704.2990	physics.ins-det	The principle of a virtual multi-channel lock-in amplifier and its application to magnetoelectric measurement system	This letter presents principles and applications of a virtual multi-channel lock-in amplifier that is a simple but effective method to recover small ac signal from noise with high presison . The fundamentals of this method are based on calculation of cross-correlation function . Via this method , we successfully built up a magnetoelectric measurement system which can perform precise and versatile measurements without any analog lock-in amplifier . Using the virtual multi-channel lock-in amplifier , the output of the magnetoelectric measurement system is extensively rich in magnetoelectric coupling behaviors , including coupling strength and phase lag , under various dc bias magnetic field and ac magnetic field .
0704.2998	physics.gen-ph	Reconciliation of Zero-Point and Dark Energies in a Friedman Dust Universe with Einstein 's Lambda	In this paper , it is shown that the cosmological model that was introduced in a sequence of three earlier papers under the title , A Dust Universe Solution to the Dark Energy Problem , can be used to resolve the problem of the great mismatch of numerical values between dark energy from cosmology and zero point energy from quantum theory . It is shown that , if the zero point energies for the cosmic microwave background and for all the rest of the universe that is not cosmic microwave background are introduced into this model as two entities , their separate values appear within this theory in the form of a numerical difference . It is this difference that gives the numerical value for the zero point value of Einstein 's dark energy density . Consequently , although the two zero point energies may be large , their difference can give the known small dark energy value from cosmology for dark energy density . Issues relating to interpretation , calculation and measurement associated with this result and an interpretation of dark energy as a measure of polarisation of the vacuum are discussed . In the first appendix to this paper , problems associated with the standard model of cosmology are solved by redefining temperature in the dust universe model . In the second appendix of this paper , an examination of the dark matter problem in relation to a general relativistic generalisation of Newton 's inverse square law is undertaken . In the third appendix to this paper , the formalism is used to derive a formula that gives a possible value for the mass of the universe in terms of Newton 's gravitation constant , Einstein's Lambda and the velocity of light . All three appendices have their own detailed abstracts .
0704.3003	physics.gen-ph	Deformation principle and further geometrization of physics	The space-time geometry is considered to be a physical geometry , i.e . a geometry described completely by the world function . All geometrical concepts and geometric objects are taken from the proper Euclidean geometry . They are expressed via the Euclidean world function \sigma_E and declared to be concepts and objects of any physical geometry , provided the Euclidean world function \sigma_E is replaced by the world function \sigma of the physical geometry in question . The set of physical geometries is more powerful , than the set of Riemannian geometries , and one needs to choose a true space-time geometry . In general , the physical geometry is multivariant ( there are many vectors which are equivalent to a given vector , but are not equivalent between themselves ) . The multivariance admits one to describe quantum effects as geometric effects and to consider existence of elementary particles as a geometrical problem , when the possibility of the physical existence of an elementary geometric object in the form of a physical body is determined by the space-time geometry . Multivariance admits one to describe discrete and continuous geometries , using the same technique . A use of physical geometry admits one to realize the geometrical approach to the quantum theory and to the theory of elementary particles .
0704.3010	physics.atom-ph	Ground-state magneto-optical resonances in Cesium vapour confined in an extremely thin cell	Experimental and theoretical studies are presented related to the ground-state magneto-optical resonance prepared in Cesium vapour confined in an Extremely Thin Cell ( ETC , with thickness equal to the wavelength of the irradiating light ) . It is shown that the utilization of the ETC allows one to examine the formation of a magneto-optical resonance on the individual hyperfine transitions , thus distinguishing processes resulting in dark ( reduced absorption ) or bright ( enhanced absorption ) resonance formation . We report on an experimental evidence of the bright magneto-optical resonance sign reversal in Cs atoms confined in the ETC . A theoretical model is proposed based on the optical Bloch equations that involves the elastic interaction processes of atoms in the ETC with its walls resulting in depolarization of the Cs excited state which is polarized by the exciting radiation . This depolarization leads to the sign reversal of the bright resonance . Using the proposed model , the magneto-optical resonance amplitude and width as a function of laser power are calculated and compared with the experimental ones . The numerical results are in good agreement with the experiment .
0704.3039	physics.class-ph	Yield design for porous media subjected to unconfined flow : construction of approximate pressure fields	We consider the stability of a porous medium submitted to a steady-state flow with free-boundary . Assuming some hypotheses , it is possible to implement the kinematic method by using an approximate pressure field bounding the true pressure field from below . We are interested in finding such approximate pressure fields and in proving that they bound the true pressure field from below without knowing the true pressure field . We use fields which are solutions of a problem with relaxed conditions with regard to the real problem . Under a uniqueness condition of the solution of a weak formulation of the problem , such fields are lower bounds for the true pressure field . Finally , we give the example of a vertical dam .
0704.3051	physics.class-ph	A new numerical algorithm for Low Mach number supercritical fluids	A new algorithm has been developed to compute low Mach Numbers supercritical fluid flows . The algorithm is applied using a finite volume method based on the SIMPLER algorithm . Its main advantages are to decrease significantly the CPU time , and the possibility for supercritical fluid flow modelisation to use other discretisation methods ( such as spectral methods and/or finite differences ) and other algorithms such as PISO or projection . It makes it possible to solve 3D problems within reasonable CPU time even when considering complex equations of state . The algorithm is given after first a brief description of the previously existing algorithm to solve for supercritical fluids . The side and bottom heated near critical carbon dioxide filled cavity problems are respectively solved and compared to the previously obtained results .
0704.3074	physics.gen-ph	Quantum Mechanics and Closed Timelike Curves	General relativity allows solutions exhibiting closed timelike curves . Time travel generates paradoxes and quantum mechanics generalizations were proposed to solve those paradoxes . The implications of self-consistent interactions on acausal region of space-time are investigated . If the correspondence principle is true , then all generalizations of quantum mechanics on acausal manifolds are not renormalizable . Therefore quantum mechanics can only be defined on global hyperbolic manifolds and all general relativity solutions exhibiting time travel are unphysical .
0704.3079	physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph	Ab initio theory of helix-coil phase transition	In this paper we suggest a theoretical method based on the statistical mechanics for treating the alpha-helix-random coil transition in alanine polypeptides . We consider this process as a first-order phase transition and develop a theory which is free of model parameters and is based solely on fundamental physical principles . It describes essential thermodynamical properties of the system such as heat capacity , the phase transition temperature and others from the analysis of the polypeptide potential energy surface calculated as a function of two dihedral angles , responsible for the polypeptide twisting . The suggested theory is general and with some modification can be applied for the description of phase transitions in other complex molecular systems ( e.g . proteins , DNA , nanotubes , atomic clusters , fullerenes ) .
0704.3085	physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph	Alpha helix-coil phase transition : analysis of ab initio theory predictions	In the present paper we present results of calculations obtained with the use of the theoretical method described in our preceding paper [ 1 ] and perform detail analysis of alpha helix-random coil transition in alanine polypeptides of different length . We have calculated the potential energy surfaces of polypeptides with respect to their twisting degrees of freedom and construct a parameter-free partition function of the polypeptide using the suggested method [ 1 ] . From the build up partition function we derive various thermodynamical characteristics for alanine polypeptides of different length as a function of temperature . Thus , we analyze the temperature dependence of the heat capacity , latent heat and helicity for alanine polypeptides consisting of 21 , 30 , 40 , 50 and 100 amino acids . Alternatively , we have obtained same thermodynamical characteristics from the use of molecular dynamics simulations and compared them with the results of the new statistical mechanics approach . The comparison proves the validity of the statistical mechanic approach and establishes its accuracy .
0704.3103	physics.plasm-ph nlin.PS physics.space-ph	Communication through plasma sheaths	We wish to transmit messages to and from a hypersonic vehicle around which a plasma sheath has formed . For long distance transmission , the signal carrying these messages must be necessarily low frequency , typically 2 GHz , to which the plasma sheath is opaque . The idea is to use the plasma properties to make the plasma sheath appear transparent .
