0707.1541	physics.ed-ph	Why we should teach the Bohr model and how to teach it effectively	Some education researchers have claimed that we should not teach the Bohr model of the atom because it inhibits students ' ability to learn the true quantum nature of electrons in atoms . Although the evidence for this claim is weak , many have accepted it . This claim has implications for how to present atoms in classes ranging from elementary school to graduate school . We present results from a study designed to test this claim by developing a curriculum on models of the atom , including the Bohr and Schrodinger models . We examine student descriptions of atoms on final exams in transformed modern physics classes using various versions of this curriculum . We find that if the curriculum does not include sufficient connections between different models , many students still have a Bohr-like view of atoms , rather than a more accurate Schrodinger model . However , with an improved curriculum designed to develop model-building skills and with better integration between different models , it is possible to get most students to describe atoms using the Schrodinger model . In comparing our results with previous research , we find that comparing and contrasting different models is a key feature of a curriculum that helps students move beyond the Bohr model and adopt Schrodinger 's view of the atom . We find that understanding the reasons for the development of models is much more difficult for students than understanding the features of the models . We also present interactive computer simulations designed to help students build models of the atom more effectively .
0707.1571	physics.gen-ph	Observations on the motion of a Tachyon	Some aspects of the motion of a tachyon is discussed . It is shown that the inertial frame Sigma-Prime around which the tachyon switches the direction of its motion , does not observe any movement of the tachyon at all . Inertial frames on either side of Sigma-Prime observe the tachyon to be moving at very large speeds but in opposite direction . Sigma-Prime itself observes only a sudden appearance and immediate disappearance of a long rod like object . Thus unbounded speeds in either direction give the same result in the limit . This suggests that negative numbers as a physical quantity are not meaningful . Subtraction can be used integral to a formula but the final result has to be interpreted with a positive answer . This means the abstract quantity -infinity indicating an unbounded negative number is not meaningful . The situation is also compared with Tan ( Pi/2 ) + and Tan ( Pi/2 ) - . The conclusion is that in the limit , travel at unbounded speed is direction independent and gives the connotation of many identities to the same particle .
0707.1596	physics.comp-ph physics.atom-ph	From Useful Algorithms for Slowly Convergent Series to Physical Predictions Based on Divergent Perturbative Expansions	This review is focused on the borderline region of theoretical physics and mathematics . First , we describe numerical methods for the acceleration of the convergence of series . These provide a useful toolbox for theoretical physics which has hitherto not received the attention it actually deserves . The unifying concept for convergence acceleration methods is that in many cases , one can reach much faster convergence than by adding a particular series term by term . In some cases , it is even possible to use a divergent input series , together with a suitable sequence transformation , for the construction of numerical methods that can be applied to the calculation of special functions . This review both aims to provide some practical guidance as well as a groundwork for the study of specialized literature . As a second topic , we review some recent developments in the field of Borel resummation , which is generally recognized as one of the most versatile methods for the summation of factorially divergent ( perturbation ) series . Here , the focus is on algorithms which make optimal use of all information contained in a finite set of perturbative coefficients . The unifying concept for the various aspects of the Borel method investigated here is given by the singularities of the Borel transform , which introduce ambiguities from a mathematical point of view and lead to different possible physical interpretations . The two most important cases are : ( i ) the residues at the singularities correspond to the decay width of a resonance , and ( ii ) the presence of the singularities indicates the existence of nonperturbative contributions which can not be accounted for on the basis of a Borel resummation and require generalizations toward resurgent expansions . Both of these cases are illustrated by examples .
0707.1598	physics.optics nlin.PS	Theory of radiation trapping by the accelerating solitons in optical fibers	We present a theory describing trapping of the normally dispersive radiation by the Raman solitons in optical fibers . Frequency of the radiation component is continuously blue shifting , while the soliton is red shifting . Underlying physics of the trapping effect is in the existence of the inertial gravity-like force acting on light in the accelerating frame of reference . We present analytical calculations of the rate of the opposing frequency shifts of the soliton and trapped radiation and find it to be greater than the rate of the red shift of the bare Raman soliton . Our findings are essential for understanding of the continuous shift of the high frequency edge of the supercontinuum spectra generated in photonic crystal fibers towards higher frequencies .
0707.1616	physics.data-an cond-mat.stat-mech physics.soc-ph	Modularity and community detection in bipartite networks	The modularity of a network quantifies the extent , relative to a null model network , to which vertices cluster into community groups . We define a null model appropriate for bipartite networks , and use it to define a bipartite modularity . The bipartite modularity is presented in terms of a modularity matrix B ; some key properties of the eigenspectrum of B are identified and used to describe an algorithm for identifying modules in bipartite networks . The algorithm is based on the idea that the modules in the two parts of the network are dependent , with each part mutually being used to induce the vertices for the other part into the modules . We apply the algorithm to real-world network data , showing that the algorithm successfully identifies the modular structure of bipartite networks .
0707.1624	physics.class-ph physics.optics	Sound beyond the speed of light : destructive interference , anomalous dispersion and nonlocality of near field	Experimentally fixed sound pulse beyond of light speed in the region of anomalous dispersion [ W. M. Robertson , e. a. Appl . Phys . Lett , 90 , 014102 ( 2007 ) ] can be explained , as well as the similar superluminal phenomena , by '' the nonlocality in the small '' of near electromagnetic field at transferring of relevanted excitations .
0707.1638	physics.gen-ph	Quantum Limits in Nanomechanical Systems	In two articles , the authors claim that the Heisenberg uncertainty principle limits the precision of simultaneous measurements of the position and velocity of a particle and refer to experimental evidence that supports their claim . It is true that ever since the inception of quantum mechanics , the uncertainty relation that corresponds to a pair of observables represented by non-commuting operators is interpreted by many scientists and engineers , including Heisenberg himself , as a limitation on the accuracy with which observables can be measured . However , such a limitation can not be deduced from the postulates and theorems of quantum thermodynamics .
0707.1646	physics.soc-ph	Fuzzy communities and the concept of bridgeness in complex networks	We consider the problem of fuzzy community detection in networks , which complements and expands the concept of overlapping community structure . Our approach allows each vertex of the graph to belong to multiple communities at the same time , determined by exact numerical membership degrees , even in the presence of uncertainty in the data being analyzed . We created an algorithm for determining the optimal membership degrees with respect to a given goal function . Based on the membership degrees , we introduce a new measure that is able to identify outlier vertices that do not belong to any of the communities , bridge vertices that belong significantly to more than one single community , and regular vertices that fundamentally restrict their interactions within their own community , while also being able to quantify the centrality of a vertex with respect to its dominant community . The method can also be used for prediction in case of uncertainty in the dataset analyzed . The number of communities can be given in advance , or determined by the algorithm itself using a fuzzified variant of the modularity function . The technique is able to discover the fuzzy community structure of different real world networks including , but not limited to social networks , scientific collaboration networks and cortical networks with high confidence .
0707.1672	physics.soc-ph physics.bio-ph q-bio.OT	Spreading of sexually transmitted diseases in heterosexual populations	The spread of sexually transmitted diseases ( e.g . Chlamydia , Syphilis , Gonorrhea , HIV ) across populations is a major concern for scientists and health agencies . In this context , both data collection on sexual contact networks and the modeling of disease spreading , are intensively contributing to the search for effective immunization policies . Here , the spreading of sexually transmitted diseases on bipartite scale-free graphs , representing heterosexual contact networks , is considered . We analytically derive the expression for the epidemic threshold and its dependence with the system size in finite populations . We show that the epidemic outbreak in bipartite populations , with number of sexual partners distributed as in empirical observations from national sex surveys , takes place for larger spreading rates than for the case in which the bipartite nature of the network is not taken into account . Numerical simulations confirm the validity of the theoretical results . Our findings indicate that the restriction to crossed infections between the two classes of individuals ( males and females ) has to be taken into account in the design of efficient immunization strategies for sexually transmitted diseases .
0707.1673	physics.soc-ph physics.bio-ph	Disease spreading in populations of moving agents	We study the effect of motion on disease spreading in a system of random walkers which additionally perform long-distance jumps . A small percentage of jumps in the agent motion is sufficient to destroy the local correlations and to produce a large drop in the epidemic threshold , well explained in terms of a mean-field approximation . This effect is similar to the crossover found in static small-world networks , and can be furthermore linked to the structural properties of the dynamical network of agent interactions .
0707.1681	physics.soc-ph	Statistical physics of the Schelling model of segregation	We investigate the static and dynamic properties of a celebrated model of social segregation , providing a complete explanation of the mechanisms leading to segregation both in one- and two-dimensional systems . Standard statistical physics methods shed light on the rich phenomenology of this simple model , exhibiting static phase transitions typical of kinetic constrained models , nontrivial coarsening like in driven-particle systems and percolation-related phenomena .
0707.1683	physics.ed-ph	Travaux pratiques sur les r\'eseaux locaux de type WIFI utilisant des simulations num\'eriques des ph\'enom\`enes de propagation des ondes \'electromagn\'etiques	The wireless network technology WiFi finds more and more applications in the industrial field as for the exchange of information between the people or the equipment . It has the advantage of allowing a great flexibility of the network but requires precautions of installation to be effective ( flow , reliability ... ) . The fitter of such a network must have knowledge to install and configure the materials ( access points , wifi interface ) but also of knowledge in propagation of electromagnetic waves which is the support of the transmission of data . The teaching of this technology requires practical works which must make it possible for the student to implement this knowledge . This article presents the various means of calculations which we implemented within the framework of practical works to allow the student to visualize and thus to better control the phenomena of propagation existing in a WiFI network .
0707.1685	physics.acc-ph	Plasma Lens for Us Based Super Neutrino Beam at Either FNAL or BNL	The plasma lens concept is examined as an alternative to focusing horns and solenoids for a neutrino beam facility . The concept is based on a combined high-current lens/target configuration . Current is fed at an electrode located downstream from the beginning of the target where pion capturing is needed . The current is carried by plasma outside the target . A second plasma lens section , with an additional current feed , follows the target . The plasma is immersed in a relatively small solenoidal magnetic field to facilitate its current profile shaping to optimize pion capture . Simulations of the not yet fully optimized configuration yielded a 25 % higher neutrino flux at a detector situated at 3 km from the target than the horn system for the entire energy spectrum and a factor of 2.5 higher flux for neutrinos with energy larger than 3 GeV . A major advantage of plasma lenses is in background reduction . In antineutrino operation , neutrino background is reduced by a factor of close to 3 for the whole spectrum , and for energy larger than 3 GeV , neutrino background is reduced by a factor of 3.6 . Plasma lenses have additional advantages : larger axial currents , high signal purity : minimal neutrino background in antineutrino runs . The lens medium consists of plasma , consequently , particle absorption and scattering is negligible . Withstanding high mechanical and thermal stresses in a plasma is not an issue .
0707.1703	physics.atom-ph	Trapping of Neutral Rubidium with a Macroscopic Three-Phase Electric Trap	We trap neutral ground-state rubidium atoms in a macroscopic trap based on purely electric fields . For this , three electrostatic field configurations are alternated in a periodic manner . The rubidium is precooled in a magneto-optical trap , transferred into a magnetic trap and then translated into the electric trap . The electric trap consists of six rod-shaped electrodes in cubic arrangement , giving ample optical access . Up to 10^5 atoms have been trapped with an initial temperature of around 20 microkelvin in the three-phase electric trap . The observations are in good agreement with detailed numerical simulations .
0707.1704	physics.ao-ph physics.flu-dyn	Non-spectral methods of analysis of the internal gravity waves measurements in ocean	The paper is devoted to the presentation of the non-spectral methods of analysis of the natural measurements of the internal gravity waves in the ocean with the purpose to determine characteristics of the wave-trains composing the measured field , the forms and parameters of the ocean along the pass of these wave-trains propagation . The problem of the analysis of the data of the natural measurements of the internal waves with the purpose to separate the single wave-trains from the measured field , and on this basis to determine the characteristics of these wave-trains , to receive the information on the sources of excitation of the waves , and the information on the properties of the ocean along the pass of the waves propagation , is directly connected with the problems of the wave dynamics . The basis of the offered algorithms of the analysis is the supposition , that the measured wave field represents the sum of the plane wave-trains having the certain speed and directions of propagation . Transformation of the packages of the internal waves , which can be determined by the given methods , may testify about the passage of the wave-trains through the big-size oceanic formations , that makes it possible to remotely determine the characteristics of these formations .
0707.1719	physics.hist-ph physics.ed-ph physics.soc-ph	The Scientific Method	The nature of the scientific method is controversial with claims that a single scientific method does not even exist . However the scientific method does exist . It is the building of logical and self consistent models to describe nature . The models are constrained by past observations and judged by their ability to correctly predict new observations and interesting phenomena . The observations exist independent of the models but acquire meaning from their context within a model . Observations must be carefully done and reproducible to minimize errors . Models assumptions that do not lead to testable predictions are rejected as unnecessary .
0707.1720	physics.bio-ph	Cell Dissociation : A Cohesive Force of Hydrodynamic Origin	When an experimentalist or a biological mechanism applies an external force onto a cell chemically sticking to its substrate , a reacting 'suction ' force , due to the slow penetration of the surrounding fluid between the cell and the substrate , opposes to the dissociation . This force can overcome other known adhesive forces when the process is sufficiently violent ( typically 100000pN ) . Its maximal contribution to the total adhesive energy of the cell can then be estimated to 0.002 J/m2 . The physical origin of this effect is quite simple , and it may be compared with that leaning a 'suction-cup ' against a bathroom wall . We address the consequences of this effect on ( i ) the dissociation energy , ( ii ) the motion of the fluid surrounding the cell , more especially , on the pumping of the fluid by moving cells , and ( iii ) the inhibition of cell motion .
0707.1721	physics.flu-dyn	The Bouncing Jet : A Newtonian Liquid Rebounding off a Free Surface	We find that a liquid jet can bounce off a bath of the same liquid if the bath is moving horizontally with respect to the jet . Previous observations of jets rebounding off a bath ( e.g . Kaye effect ) have been reported only for non-Newtonian fluids , while we observe bouncing jets in a variety of Newtonian fluids , including mineral oil poured by hand . A thin layer of air separates the bouncing jet from the bath , and the relative motion replenishes the film of air . Jets with one or two bounces are stable for a range of viscosity , jet flow rate and velocity , and bath velocity . The bouncing phenomenon exhibits hysteresis and multiple steady states .
