0709.1550	physics.optics	A particle mechanism for the index of refraction	We propose to go away from the electromagnetic wave description of light and to explain through a purely corpuscular and neutral approach , the phenomenon of the slowing down of light in a transparent medium . The quantum predictions and ours are compared against experimental refractive indices . In our framework the optical Kerr phenomenon finds a very natural interpretation and its numerical values are obtained easily
0709.1555	physics.plasm-ph nlin.AO	Turing structures in dc gas discharges	Self-organized spatial plasma structures exhibit many similarities with Turing structures obtained in biology and chemistry . Using an analytical mesoscopic approach it is shown that plasma balls of fire belong to the same class of Turing structures like the Brusselator . It is also mathematically proved that the existence of these self-organized plasma structures is related with a negative differential resistance . There are also established the mathematical conditions which the negative differential resistance must satisfy for obtaining a stationary ball of fire at the anode of a plasma diode .
0709.1695	physics.optics nlin.PS	Dynamics of surface solitons at the edge of chirped optical lattices	We address soliton formation at the edge of chirped optical lattices imprinted in Kerr-type nonlinear media . We find families of power thresholdless surface waves that do not exist at other types of lattice interfaces . Such solitons form due to combined action of internal reflection at the interface , distributed Bragg-type reflection , and focusing nonlinearity . Remarkably , we discover that surfaces of chirped lattices are soliton attractors : Below an energy threshold , solitons launched well within the lattice self-bend toward the interface , and then stick to it .
0709.1741	physics.gen-ph	How do black holes move , as quantum objects or as classical objects ?	Results of a recent study of the transition between quantum and classical behavior are applied to black holes . The study led to a criterion separating quantum from classical behavior on the basis of mass or size , dependent on local effects of cosmic expansion . Application of this criterion to black holes indicates that the motion of smaller black holes will be characteristically quantum mechanical , while the motion of larger black holes must be classical , with a threshold distinguishing these behaviors at a Schwartzschild radius of roughly the size of a nucleon .
0709.1747	physics.flu-dyn	Bounds on the mixing enhancement for a stirred binary fluid	The Cahn-Hilliard equation describes phase separation in binary liquids . Here we study this equation with spatially-varying sources and stirring , or advection . We specialize to symmetric mixtures and time-independent sources and discuss stirring strategies that homogenize the binary fluid . By measuring fluctuations of the composition away from its mean value , we quantify the amount of homogenization achievable . We find upper and lower bounds on our measure of homogenization using only the Cahn-Hilliard equation and the incompressibility of the advecting flow . We compare these theoretical bounds with numerical simulations for two model flows : the constant flow , and the random-phase sine flow . Using the sine flow as an example , we show how our bounds on composition fluctuations provide a measure of the effectiveness of a given stirring protocol in homogenizing a phase-separating binary fluid .
0709.1748	physics.flu-dyn	Heat Transfer in Underground Rail Tunnels	The transfer of heat between the air and surrounding soil in underground tunnels ins investigated , as part of the analysis of environmental conditions in underground rail systems . Using standard turbulent modelling assumptions , flow profiles are obtained in both open tunnels and in the annulus between a tunnel wall and a moving train , from which the heat transfer coefficient between the air and tunnel wall is computed . The radial conduction of heat through the surrounding soil resulting from changes in the temperature of air in the tunnel are determined . An impulse change and an oscillating tunnel air temperature are considered separately . The correlations between fluctuations in heat transfer coefficient and air temperature are found to increase the mean soil temperature . Finally , a model for the coupled evolution of the air and surrounding soil temperature along a tunnel of finite length is given .
