0706.1821	physics.atom-ph	Holographic storage of multiple coherence gratings in a Bose-Einstein condensate	We demonstrate superradiant conversion between a two-mode collective atomic state and a single-mode light field in an elongated cloud of Bose-condensed atoms . Two off-resonant write beams induce superradiant Raman scattering , producing two independent coherence gratings with a different wave vector in the cloud . By applying phase-matched read beams after a controllable delay , the gratings can be selectively converted into the light field also in a superradiant way . Due to the large cooperativity parameter and the small velocity width of the condensate , a high conversion efficiency of $ > 70 $ % and a long storage time of $ > 120 $ $ \mu $ s were achieved .
0706.1827	physics.geo-ph	Use of high resolution satellite images for tracking of changes in the lineament structure , caused by earthquakes	Over the last decades strong efforts have been made to apply new spaceborn technologies to the study and possible forecast of strong earthquakes . In this study we use ASTER/TERRA multispectral satellite images for detection and analysis of changes in the system of lineaments previous to a strong earthquake . A lineament is a straight or a somewhat curved feature in an image , which it is possible to detect by a special processing of images based on directional filtering and or Hough transform . `` The Lineament Extraction and Stripes Statistic Analysis '' ( LESSA ) software package , developed by Zlatopolsy ( 1992 , 1997 ) . We assume that the lineaments allow to detect , at least partially , the presence ruptures in the Earths crust , and therefore enable one to follow the changes in the system of faults and fractures associated with strong earthquakes . We analysed 6 earthquakes occurred in the Pacific coast of the South America and XXX with the Richter scale magnitude > 4.5 . They were located in the regions with small seasonal variations and limited vegetation to facilitate the tracking of features associated with the seismic activity only . It was found that the number and orientation of lineaments changed significantly about one month before an earthquake approximately , and a few months later the system returns to its initial state . This effect increases with the earthquake magnitude , and it is much more easily detectable in case of convergent plate boundaries ( for example , Nasca and South American plates ) . The results obtained open a possibility to develop a methodology able to evaluate the seismic risk in the regions with similar geological conditions .
0706.1831	physics.optics cond-mat.mes-hall	Single quantum dot spectroscopy using a fiber taper waveguide near-field optic	Photoluminescence spectroscopy of single InAs quantum dots at cryogenic temperatures ( ~14 K ) is performed using a micron-scale optical fiber taper waveguide as a near-field optic . The measured collection efficiency of quantum dot spontaneous emission into the fundamental guided mode of the fiber taper is estimated at 0.1 % , and spatially-resolved measurements with ~600 nm resolution are obtained by varying the taper position with respect to the sample and using the fiber taper for both the pump and collection channels .
0706.1839	physics.soc-ph q-fin.GN	Nurturing Breakthroughs : Lessons from Complexity Theory	A general theory of innovation and progress in human society is outlined , based on the combat between two opposite forces ( conservatism/inertia and speculative herding `` bubble '' behavior ) . We contend that human affairs are characterized by ubiquitous `` bubbles '' , which involve huge risks which would not otherwise be taken using standard cost/benefit analysis . Bubbles result from self-reinforcing positive feedbacks . This leads to explore uncharted territories and niches whose rare successes lead to extraordinary discoveries and provide the base for the observed accelerating development of technology and of the economy . But the returns are very heterogeneous , very risky and may not occur . In other words , bubbles , which are characteristic definitions of human activity , allow huge risks to get huge returns over large scales . We outline some underlying mathematical structure and a few results involving positive feedbacks , emergence , heavy-tailed power laws , outliers/kings/black swans , the problem of predictability and the illusion of control , as well as some policy implications .
0706.1842	physics.soc-ph	Do language change rates depend on population size ?	An earlier study ( Nettle 1999b ) concluded , based on computer simulations and some inferences from empirical data , that languages will change the more slowly the larger the population gets . We replicate this study using a more complete language model for simulations ( the Schulze model combined with a Barabasi-Albert net- work ) and a richer empirical dataset ( the World Atlas of Language Structures edited by Haspelmath et al . 2005 ) . Our simulations show either a weak or stronger dependence of language change on population sizes depending on the parameter settings , and empirical data , like some of the simulations , show a weak dependence .
0706.1853	physics.ins-det	Development of a 5 MHz frequency difference pre-multiplier for a short term frequency stability bench of the oscillators	This paper reports the realization of a 5 MHz frequency difference x10 pre-multiplier , developed in the laboratory to replace an obsolete one . The principle we chose is to synthesize a 45 MHz and a 50 MHz from a reference signal and from the signal to be measured , and to subtract one to the other to generate a 5 MHz , whose precision on the measurement is increased by a factor 10 . Obtained Allan variance & # 61555 ; y ( & # 61556 ; ) at 1 s is 5.10-14 and output spectral density of phase noise floor is about -160 dBc/Hz at 5 MHz .
0706.1858	physics.ins-det	Advanced bridge instrument for the measurement of the phase noise and of the short-term frequency stability of ultra-stable quartz resonators	High-stability quartz oscillators are needed in a number of space applications . A short-term stability of parts in 10^ { -14 } [ Allan deviation \sigma y ( \tau ) ] is sometimes required , for integration time \tau of approximately 1-10 s. The Centre National d'Etudes Spatiales ( CNES ) and the FEMTO-ST Institute ( formerly LPMO and LCEP ) , have been collaborating for many years in this domain , aiming at measuring and at understanding the oscillator noise . The highest stability has been observed on 5 MHz and 10 MHz bulk acoustic-wave resonators . Yet this stability is still not sufficient , or the the manufacturing method is not reproducible . Recently , the analysis of a few premium-stability oscillators has demonstrated that the oscillator frequency instability is due to the fluctuation of the resonator natural frequency , rather than to the noise of the sustaining amplifier via the Leeson effect . It is therefore natural to give attention to the measurement of the resonator fluctuations .
0706.1861	physics.flu-dyn math-ph math.AP math.MP nlin.SI	Asymmetric and Moving-Frame Approaches to Navier-Stokes Equations	In this paper , we introduce a method of imposing asymmetric conditions on the velocity vector with respect to independent variables and a method of moving frame for solving the three dimensional Navier-Stokes equations . Seven families of non-steady rotating asymmetric solutions with various parameters are obtained . In particular , one family of solutions blow up at any point on a moving plane with a line deleted , which may be used to study turbulence . Using Fourier expansion and two families of our solutions , one can obtain discontinuous solutions that may be useful in study of shock waves . Another family of solutions are partially cylindrical invariant , contain two parameter functions of $ t $ and structurally depend on two arbitrary polynomials , which may be used to describe incompressible fluid in a nozzle . Most of our solutions are globally analytic with respect to spacial variables .
0706.1864	physics.flu-dyn math-ph math.AP math.MP nlin.SI	New Algebraic Approaches to Classical Boundary Layer Problems	In this paper , we use various ansatzes with undetermined functions and the technique of moving frame to find solutions with parameter functions modulo the Lie point symmetries for the classical non-steady boundary layer problems . These parameter functions enable one to find the solutions of some related practical models and boundary value problems .
0706.1878	physics.ins-det	Spectral density of phase noise inter-laboratory comparison final results	This paper reports main results of the phase noise comparison that has been performed between october 2005 and december 2006 , using two oscillators at 5 and 100 MHz and un DRO at 3.5 GHz . The problem is not to compare the performances of several oscillators , but to compare and to make an evaluation of the uncertainties , and of course the resolution and the reproducibility of the measurements . This comparison allow us to determine the ability to get various systems traceable together in order to increase the trust that one can have in phase noise measurements .
0706.1903	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Ultra-cold atoms in an optical cavity : two-mode laser locking to the cavity avoiding radiation pressure	The combination of ultra-cold atomic clouds with the light fields of optical cavities provides a powerful model system for the development of new types of laser cooling and for studying cooperative phenomena . These experiments critically depend on the precise tuning of an incident pump laser with respect to a cavity resonance . Here , we present a simple and reliable experimental tuning scheme based on a two-mode laser spectrometer . The scheme uses a first laser for probing higher-order transversal modes of the cavity having an intensity minimum near the cavity 's optical axis , where the atoms are confined by a magnetic trap . In this way the cavity resonance is observed without exposing the atoms to unwanted radiation pressure . A second laser , which is phase-locked to the first one and tuned close to a fundamental cavity mode drives the coherent atom-field dynamics .
0706.1910	physics.gen-ph	Bispinor Formulation of Spin 3/2 Field Theory	In this paper , we investigate an alternative formulation for spin 3/2 field equation . First we will review equation of motion of Dirac and Maxwell , and then construct the equation for spin 3/2 in the similar fashion . Our method actually a generalization of relativistic equation of motion based on spin operator and Hamiltonian similar to Dirac and Maxwell equation in ref . [ 1 ] pp . 50 . Furthermore , we could not bring the equation to the Klein Gordon limit for every wave function component in spin 3/2 formalism .
0706.1911	physics.optics	Holographic formation of large area split-ring arrays for magnetic metamaterials	We theoretically demonstrate the formation of different kinds of two-dimensional split-ring arrays in both triangular and square lattices by one-step holographic interference . The slit width of the split-ring can be adjusted by proper polarization configurations . The dimension of the rings can be adjusted easily by using different wavelengths for interference , so the resonant frequency of the split-rings can be obtained in a wide range . Our theory is also proved in experiment . Our work would extend the application of holographic lithography to the fabrication of magnetic metamaterials .
0706.1914	physics.data-an physics.comp-ph	Approche variationnelle pour le calcul bay\'esien dans les probl\`emes inverses en imagerie	In a non supervised Bayesian estimation approach for inverse problems in imaging systems , one tries to estimate jointly the unknown image pixels $ \fb $ and the hyperparameters $ \thetab $ . This is , in general , done through the joint posterior law $ p ( \fb , \thetab|\gb ) $ . The expression of this joint law is often very complex and its exploration through sampling and computation of the point estimators such as MAP and posterior means need either optimization of non convex criteria or int\'egration of non Gaussian and multi variate probability laws . In any of these cases , we need to do approximations . We had explored before the possibilities of Laplace approximation and sampling by MCMC . In this paper , we explore the possibility of approximating this joint law by a separable one in $ \fb $ and in $ \thetab $ . This gives the possibility of developing iterative algorithms with more reasonable computational cost , in particular , if the approximating laws are choosed in the exponential conjugate families . The main objective of this paper is to give details of different algorithms we obtain with different choices of these families .
0706.1925	physics.plasm-ph physics.space-ph	Hamiltonian Theory of Adiabatic Motion of Relativistic Charged Particles	A general Hamiltonian theory for the adiabatic motion of relativistic charged particles confined by slowly-varying background electromagnetic fields is presented based on a unified Lie-transform perturbation analysis in extended phase space ( which includes energy and time as independent coordinates ) for all three adiabatic invariants . First , the guiding-center equations of motion for a relativistic particle are derived from the particle Lagrangian . Covariant aspects of the resulting relativistic guiding-center equations of motion are discussed and contrasted with previous works . Next , the second and third invariants for the bounce motion and drift motion , respectively , are obtained by successively removing the bounce phase and the drift phase from the guiding-center Lagrangian . First-order corrections to the second and third adiabatic invariants for a relativistic particle are derived . These results simplify and generalize previous works to all three adiabatic motions of relativistic magnetically-trapped particles .
0706.1933	physics.optics	Nonlocal explanation of stationary and nonstationary regimes in cascaded soliton pulse compression	We study soliton pulse compression in materials with cascaded quadratic nonlinearities , and show that the group-velocity mismatch creates two different temporally nonlocal regimes . They correspond to what is known as the stationary and nonstationary regimes . The theory accurately predicts the transition to the stationary regime , where highly efficient pulse compression is possible .
0706.1935	physics.geo-ph	Toward Forecasting Volcanic Eruptions using Seismic Noise	During inter-eruption periods , magma pressurization yields subtle changes of the elastic properties of volcanic edifices . We use the reproducibility properties of the ambient seismic noise recorded on the Piton de la Fournaise volcano to measure relative seismic velocity variations of less than 0.1 % with a temporal resolution of one day . Our results show that five studied volcanic eruptions were preceded by clearly detectable seismic velocity decreases within the zone of magma injection . These precursors reflect the edifice dilatation induced by magma pressurization and can be useful indicators to improve the forecasting of volcanic eruptions .
0706.1947	physics.optics physics.atom-ph	Macroscopic effects in attosecond pulse generation	We examine how the generation and propagation of high-order harmonics in a partly ionized gas medium affect their strength and synchronization . The temporal properties of the resulting attosecond pulses generated in long gas targets can be significantly influenced by macroscopic effects , in particular by the intensity in the medium and the degree of ionization . Under some conditions , the use of gas targets longer than the absorption length can lead to the generation of self-compressed attosecond pulses . We show this effect experimentally , using long argon-filled gas cells as generating medium .
0706.2023	physics.plasm-ph	Electric fields in plasmas under pulsed currents	Electric fields in a plasma that conducts a high-current pulse are measured as a function of time and space . The experiment is performed using a coaxial configuration , in which a current rising to 160 kA in 100 ns is conducted through a plasma that prefills the region between two coaxial electrodes . The electric field is determined using laser spectroscopy and line-shape analysis . Plasma doping allows for 3D spatially resolved measurements . The measured peak magnitude and propagation velocity of the electric field is found to match those of the Hall electric field , inferred from the magnetic-field front propagation measured previously .
0706.2031	physics.class-ph gr-qc hep-ph physics.hist-ph	Relativity tests by complementary rotating Michelson-Morley experiments	We report Relativity tests based on data from two simultaneous Michelson-Morley experiments , spanning a period of more than one year . Both were actively rotated on turntables . One ( in Berlin , Germany ) uses optical Fabry-Perot resonators made of fused silica ; the other ( in Perth , Australia ) uses microwave whispering-gallery sapphire resonators . Within the standard model extension , we obtain simultaneous limits on Lorentz violation for electrons ( 5 coefficients ) and photons ( 8 ) at levels down to $ 10^ { -16 } $ , improved by factors between 3 and 50 compared to previous work .
