0712.0079	physics.flu-dyn	Non-Oberbeck-Boussinesq effects in turbulent thermal convection in ethane close to the critical point	As shown in earlier work ( Ahlers et al. , J. Fluid Mech . 569 , p.409 ( 2006 ) ) , non-Oberbeck Boussinesq ( NOB ) corrections to the center temperature in turbulent Rayleigh-Benard convection in water and also in glycerol are governed by the temperature dependences of the kinematic viscosity and the thermal diffusion coefficient . If the working fluid is ethane close to the critical point the origin of non-Oberbeck-Boussinesq corrections is very different , as will be shown in the present paper . Namely , the main origin of NOB corrections then lies in the strong temperature dependence of the isobaric thermal expansion coefficient \beta ( T ) . More precisely , it is the nonlinear T-dependence of the density \rho ( T ) in the buoyancy force which causes another type of NOB effect . We demonstrate that through a combination of experimental , numerical , and theoretical work , the latter in the framework of the extended Prandtl-Blasius boundary layer theory developed in Ahlers et al. , J. Fluid Mech . 569 , p.409 ( 2006 ) . The latter comes to its limits , if the temperature dependence of the thermal expension coefficient \beta ( T ) is significant .
0712.0133	physics.bio-ph cond-mat.stat-mech q-bio.CB	Mechanism of murine epidermal maintenance : Cell division and the Voter Model	This paper presents an interesting experimental example of voter-model statistics in biology . In recent work on mouse tail-skin , where proliferating cells are confined to a two-dimensional layer , we showed that cells proliferate and differentiate according to a simple stochastic model of cell division involving just one type of proliferating cell that may divide both symmetrically and asymmetrically . Curiously , these simple rules provide excellent predictions of the cell population dynamics without having to address their spatial distribution . Yet , if the spatial behaviour of cells is addressed by allowing cells to diffuse at random , one deduces that density fluctuations destroy tissue confluence , implying some hidden degree of spatial regulation in the physical system . To infer the mechanism of spatial regulation , we consider a two-dimensional model of cell fate that preserves the overall population dynamics . By identifying the resulting behaviour with a three-species variation of the `` Voter '' model , we predict that proliferating cells in the basal layer should cluster . Analysis of empirical correlations of cells stained for proliferation activity confirms that the expected clustering behaviour is indeed seen in nature .
0712.0153	physics.soc-ph	Generating functional analysis of minority games with inner product strategy definitions	We use generating functional methods to solve the so-called inner product versions of the minority game ( MG ) , with fake and/or real market histories , by generalizing the theory developed recently for look-up table MGs with real histories . The phase diagrams of the lookup table and inner product MG versions are generally found to be identical , with the exception of inner product MGs where histories are sampled linearly , which are found to be structurally critical . However , we encounter interesting differences both in the theory ( where the role of the history frequency distribution in lookup table MGs is taken over by the eigenvalue spectrum of a history covariance matrix in inner product MGs ) and in the static and dynamic phenomenology of the models . Our theoretical predictions are supported by numerical simulations .
0712.0182	physics.class-ph physics.ed-ph	Magnetic Flux Diffusion and Expulsion with Thin Conducting Sheets	We present visualizations of the diffusion and expulsion of magnetic flux for thin conducting sheets , both stationary and moving , including representations of the eddy currents and of the associated magnetic fields . Such visualizations can play an important role in making the abstract mathematics of eddy current phenomena more understandable from a physical and conceptual point of view .
0712.0185	physics.space-ph	Deformation of electron holes in phase space as prerequisite for narrow band maser emission : A qualitative discussion	A qualitative discussion is given of the role electron holes play in generating fine structure on the electron cyclotron maser radiation . It is argued that electron holes become deformed in phase space when interacting with an incomplete ring or horseshoe distribution which occurs in the presence of strong field aligned electric fields in the upward current region and in the presence of a loss cone . This interaction is based on momentum balance considerations . Deformed narrow electron holes cause steep velocity space gradients on the ring distribution that lead to intense but narrow band emission from their high speed sides and absorption at slightly higher frequency from their low speed sides . The twins of banded emission and absorption move in frequency space due to the average real space displacement of the deformed electron hole .
0712.0204	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	FDTD Simulation of Thermal Noise in Open Cavities	A numerical model based on the finite-difference time-domain ( FDTD ) method is developed to simulate thermal noise in open cavities owing to output coupling . The absorbing boundary of the FDTD grid is treated as a blackbody , whose thermal radiation penetrates the cavity in the grid . The calculated amount of thermal noise in a one-dimensional dielectric cavity recovers the standard result of the quantum Langevin equation in the Markovian regime . Our FDTD simulation also demonstrates that in the non-Markovian regime the buildup of the intracavity noise field depends on the ratio of the cavity photon lifetime to the coherence time of thermal radiation . The advantage of our numerical method is that the thermal noise is introduced in the time domain without prior knowledge of cavity modes .
0712.0211	physics.ed-ph	Student Behavior and Epistemological Framing : Examples from Collaborative Active-Learning Activities in Physics	Questions of participant understanding of the nature of an activity have been addressed in anthropology and sociolinguistics with the concepts of frames and framing . For example , a student may frame a learning activity as an opportunity for sensemaking or as an assignment to fill out a worksheet . The student's understanding of the nature of the activity affects what she notices , what knowledge she accesses , and how she thinks to act . Previous analyses have found evidence of framing primarily in linguistic markers associated with speech acts . In this paper , we show that there is useful evidence of framing in easily observed features of students ' behavior . We apply this observational methodology to explore dynamics among behavior , framing , and the conceptual substance of student reasoning in the context of collaborative active-learning activities in an introductory university physics course .
0712.0830	physics.acc-ph physics.med-ph	Design , construction and tests of a 3 GHz proton linac booster ( LIBO ) for cancer therapy	In the last ten years the use of proton beams in radiation therapy has become a clinical tool for treatment of deep-seated tumours . LIBO is a RF compact and low cost proton linear accelerator ( SCL type ) for hadrontherapy . It is conceived by TERA Foundation as a 3 GHz Linac Booster , to be mounted downstream of an existing cyclotron in order to boost the energy of the proton beam up to 200 MeV , needed for deep treatment ( ~25 cm ) in the human body . With this solution it is possible to transform a low energy commercial cyclotron , normally used for eye melanoma therapy , isotope production and nuclear physics research , into an accelerator for deep-seated tumours . A prototype module of LIBO has been built and successfully tested with full RF power at CERN and with proton beam at INFN Laboratori Nazionali del Sud ( LNS ) in Catania , within an international collaboration between TERA Foundation , CERN , the Universities and INFN groups of Milan and Naples . The mid-term aim of the project is the technology transfer of the accumulated know-how to a consortium of companies and to bring this novel medical tool to hospitals . The design , construction and tests of the LIBO prototype are described in detail .
