0709.0151	physics.optics	Efficient generation of > 2 W of green light by single pass frequency doubling in PPMgLN	We report 32 % efficient frequency doubling of single frequency 1029 nm light to green light at 514.5 nm using a single pass configuration . A congruent composition , periodically poled magnesium doped lithium niobate ( PPMgLN ) crystal of 50 mm length was used to generate a second harmonic power of 2.3 W. To our knowledge , this is the highest reported frequency doubling efficiency of any wavelength light in a PPMgLN crystal and also the highest reported SHG output power in the green for PPMgLN .
0709.0172	physics.data-an	Improving the consensus performance via predictive mechanisms	Considering some predictive mechanisms , we show that ultrafast average-consensus can be achieved in networks of interconnected agents . More specifically , by predicting the dynamics of the network several steps ahead and using this information in the design of the consensus protocol of each agent , drastic improvements can be achieved in terms of the speed of consensus convergence , without changing the topology of the network . Moreover , using these predictive mechanisms , the range of sampling periods leading to consensus convergence is greatly expanded compared with the routine consensus protocol . This study provides a mathematical basis for the idea that some predictive mechanisms exist in widely-spread biological swarms , flocks , and networks . From the industrial engineering point of view , inclusion of an efficient predictive mechanism allows for a significant increase in the speed of consensus convergence and also a reduction of the communication energy required to achieve a predefined consensus performance .
0709.0192	physics.gen-ph	The Atomic hypothesis : Physical consequences	The hypothesis that matter is made of some ultimate and indivisible objects , together the restricted relativity principle , establishes a constraint on the kind of variables we are allowed to use for the variational description of elementary particles . We consider that the atomic hypothesis not only states the indivisibility of elementary particles , but also that these ultimate objects , if not annihilated , can not be modified by any interaction so that all allowed states of an elementary particle are only kinematical modifications of any one of them . Terefore , an elementary particle can not have excited states . In this way , the kinematical group of spacetime symmetries not only defines the symmetries of the system , but also the variables in terms of which the mathematical description of the elementary particles can be expressed in either the classical or the quantum mechanical description . When considering the interaction of two Dirac particles , the atomic hypothesis restricts the interaction Lagrangian to a kind of minimal coupling interaction .
0709.0196	physics.optics cond-mat.other	Structure-Dependent Fluorescence Efficiencies of Individual Single-Walled Carbon Nanotubes	Single-nanotube photometry was used to measure the product of absorption cross-section and fluorescence quantum yield for 12 ( n , m ) structural species of semiconducting SWNTs in aqueous SDBS suspension . These products ranged from 1.7 to 4.5 x 10 ( -19 ) cm2/C atom , generally increasing with optical band gap as described by the energy gap law . The findings suggest fluorescent quantum yields of ~8 % for the brightest , ( 10,2 ) species and introduce the empirical calibration factors needed to deduce quantitative ( n , m ) distributions from bulk fluorimetric intensities .
0709.0208	physics.flu-dyn nlin.CD	Three regularization models of the Navier-Stokes equations	We determine how the differences in the treatment of the subfilter-scale physics affect the properties of the flow for three closely related regularizations of Navier-Stokes . The consequences on the applicability of the regularizations as SGS models are also shown by examining their effects on superfilter-scale properties . Numerical solutions of the Clark-alpha model are compared to two previously employed regularizations , LANS-alpha and Leray-alpha ( at Re ~ 3300 , Taylor Re ~ 790 ) and to a DNS . We derive the Karman-Howarth equation for both the Clark-alpha and Leray-alpha models . We confirm one of two possible scalings resulting from this equation for Clark as well as its associated k^ ( -1 ) energy spectrum . At sub-filter scales , Clark-alpha possesses similar total dissipation and characteristic time to reach a statistical turbulent steady-state as Navier-Stokes , but exhibits greater intermittency . As a SGS model , Clark reproduces the energy spectrum and intermittency properties of the DNS . For the Leray model , increasing the filter width decreases the nonlinearity and the effective Re is substantially decreased . Even for the smallest value of alpha studied , Leray-alpha was inadequate as a SGS model . The LANS energy spectrum k^1 , consistent with its so-called `` rigid bodies , '' precludes a reproduction of the large-scale energy spectrum of the DNS at high Re while achieving a large reduction in resolution . However , that this same feature reduces its intermittency compared to Clark-alpha ( which shares a similar Karman-Howarth equation ) . Clark is found to be the best approximation for reproducing the total dissipation rate and the energy spectrum at scales larger than alpha , whereas high-order intermittency properties for larger values of alpha are best reproduced by LANS-alpha .
0709.0222	physics.flu-dyn physics.comp-ph	Large-eddy simulation of the flow in a lid-driven cubical cavity	Large-eddy simulations of the turbulent flow in a lid-driven cubical cavity have been carried out at a Reynolds number of 12000 using spectral element methods . Two distinct subgrid-scales models , namely a dynamic Smagorinsky model and a dynamic mixed model , have been both implemented and used to perform long-lasting simulations required by the relevant time scales of the flow . All filtering levels make use of explicit filters applied in the physical space ( on an element-by-element approach ) and spectral ( modal ) spaces . The two subgrid-scales models are validated and compared to available experimental and numerical reference results , showing very good agreement . Specific features of lid-driven cavity flow in the turbulent regime , such as inhomogeneity of turbulence , turbulence production near the downstream corner eddy , small-scales localization and helical properties are investigated and discussed in the large-eddy simulation framework . Time histories of quantities such as the total energy , total turbulent kinetic energy or helicity exhibit different evolutions but only after a relatively long transient period . However , the average values remain extremely close .
0709.0231	physics.ins-det	ATLAS silicon module assembly and qualification tests at IFIC Valencia	ATLAS experiment , designed to probe the interactions of particles emerging out of proton proton collisions at energies of up to 14 TeV , will assume operation at the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) at CERN in 2007 . This paper discusses the assembly and the quality control tests of forward detector modules for the ATLAS silicon microstrip detector assembled at the Instituto de Fisica Corpuscular ( IFIC ) in Valencia . The construction and testing procedures are outlined and the laboratory equipment is briefly described . Emphasis is given on the module quality achieved in terms of mechanical and electrical stability .
0709.0234	physics.flu-dyn physics.geo-ph	On the magnetic fields generated by experimental dynamos	We review the results obtained by three successful fluid dynamo experiments and discuss what has been learnt from them about the effect of turbulence on the dynamo threshold and saturation . We then discuss several questions that are still open and propose experiments that could be performed to answer some of them .
0709.0250	physics.flu-dyn physics.comp-ph	Large-eddy simulation of the lid-driven cubic cavity flow by the spectral element method	This paper presents the large-eddy simulation of the lid-driven cubic cavity flow by the spectral element method ( SEM ) using the dynamic model . Two spectral filtering techniques suitable for these simulations have been implemented . Numerical results for Reynolds number $ \text { Re } =12'000 $ are showing very good agreement with other experimental and DNS results found in the literature .
0709.0275	physics.atom-ph physics.comp-ph	R-matrix propagation with adiabatic bases for the photoionization spectra of atoms in magnetic fields	The photoionization spectrum of an atom in a magnetic field is calculated by combining R-matrix propagation with local adiabatic basis expansions . This approach considerably increases the speed and the energy range over which calculations can be performed compared to previous methods , allowing one to obtain accurate partial and total cross sections over an extended energy range for an arbitrary magnetic field strength . In addition , the cross sections for all atoms of interest can be calculated simultaneously in a single calculation . Multichannel quantum defect theory allows for a detailed analysis of the resonance structure in the continuum . Calculated cross sections for a range of atoms in both laboratory and astrophysical field strengths are presented .
0709.0303	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.dis-nn cs.NI	Navigability of Complex Networks	Routing information through networks is a universal phenomenon in both natural and manmade complex systems . When each node has full knowledge of the global network connectivity , finding short communication paths is merely a matter of distributed computation . However , in many real networks nodes communicate efficiently even without such global intelligence . Here we show that the peculiar structural characteristics of many complex networks support efficient communication without global knowledge . We also describe a general mechanism that explains this connection between network structure and function . This mechanism relies on the presence of a metric space hidden behind an observable network . Our findings suggest that real networks in nature have underlying metric spaces that remain undiscovered . Their discovery would have practical applications ranging from routing in the Internet and searching social networks , to studying information flows in neural , gene regulatory networks , or signaling pathways .
0709.0304	physics.flu-dyn	Wind and boundary layers in Rayleigh-Benard convection . I : analysis and modeling	The aim of this paper is to contribute to the understanding and to model the processes controlling the amplitude of the wind of Rayleigh-Benard convection . We analyze results from direct simulation of an L/H = 4 aspect-ratio domain with periodic sidewalls at Ra = 1e5 ; 1e6 ; 1e7 ; 1e8 and at Pr = 1 by decomposing independent realizations into wind and fluctuations . It is shown that deep inside the thermal boundary layer , horizontal heat-fuxes exceed the average vertical heat-fux by a factor 3 due to the interaction between the wind and the mean temperature field . These large horizontal heat-fluxes are responsible for spatial temperature differences that drive the wind by creating pressure gradients . The wall fluxes and turbulent mixing in the bulk provide damping . Using the DNS results to parameterise the unclosed terms , a simple model capturing the essential processes governing the wind structure is derived . The model consists of two coupled differential equations for wind velocity and temperature amplitude . The equations indicate that the formation of a wind structure is inevitable due to the positive feedback resulting from the interaction between the wind and temperature field . Furthermore , the wind velocity is largely determined by the turbulence in the bulk rather than by the wall-shear stress . The model reproduces the Ra dependence of wind Reynolds number and temperature amplitude .
0709.0316	physics.soc-ph	Evolutionary Prisoner 's Dilemma game on the Newman-Watts networks	Maintenance of cooperation was studied for a two-strategy evolutionary Prisoner 's Dilemma game where the players are located on a one-dimensional chain and their payoff comes from games with the nearest and next-nearest neighbor interactions . The applied host geometry makes possible to study the impacts of two conflicting topological features . The evolutionary rule involves some noise affecting the strategy adoptions between the interacting players . Using Monte Carlo simulations and the extended versions of dynamical mean-field theory we determined the phase diagram as a function of noise level and a payoff parameter . The peculiar feature of the diagram is changed significantly when the connectivity structure is extended by extra links as suggested by Newman and Watts .
0709.0322	physics.soc-ph physics.gen-ph	Promote cooperation by localised small-world communication	The emergence and maintenance of cooperation within sizable groups of unrelated humans offer many challenges for our understanding . We propose that the humans ' capacity of communication , such as how many and how far away the fellows can build up mutual communications , may affect the evolution of cooperation . We study this issue by means of the public goods game ( PGG ) with a two-layered network of contacts . Players obtain payoffs from five-person public goods interactions on a square lattice ( the interaction layer ) . Also , they update strategies after communicating with neighbours in learning layer , where two players build up mutual communication with a power law probability depending on their spatial distance . Our simulation results indicate that the evolution of cooperation is indeed sensitive to how players choose others to communicate with , including the amount as well as the locations . The tendency of localised communication is proved to be a new mechanism to promote cooperation .
