0704.0003	physics.gen-ph	The evolution of the Earth-Moon system based on the dark matter field fluid model	The evolution of Earth-Moon system is described by the dark matter field fluid model proposed in the Meeting of Division of Particle and Field 2004 , American Physical Society . The current behavior of the Earth-Moon system agrees with this model very well and the general pattern of the evolution of the Moon-Earth system described by this model agrees with geological and fossil evidence . The closest distance of the Moon to Earth was about 259000 km at 4.5 billion years ago , which is far beyond the Roche 's limit . The result suggests that the tidal friction may not be the primary cause for the evolution of the Earth-Moon system . The average dark matter field fluid constant derived from Earth-Moon system data is 4.39 x 10^ ( -22 ) s^ ( -1 ) m^ ( -1 ) . This model predicts that the Mars 's rotation is also slowing with the angular acceleration rate about -4.38 x 10^ ( -22 ) rad s^ ( -2 ) .
0704.0071	physics.soc-ph	Pairwise comparisons of typological profiles ( of languages )	No abstract given ; compares pairs of languages from World Atlas of Language Structures .
0704.0077	physics.gen-ph	Universal Forces and the Dark Energy Problem	The Dark Energy problem is forcing us to re-examine our models and our understanding of relativity and space-time . Here a novel idea of Fundamental Forces is introduced . This allows us to perceive the General Theory of Relativity and Einstein 's Equation from a new pesrpective . In addition to providing us with an improved understanding of space and time , it will be shown how it leads to a resolution of the Dark Energy problem .
0704.0088	physics.optics	Some new experimental photonic flame effect features	The results of the spectral , energetical and temporal characteristics of radiation in the presence of the photonic flame effect are presented . Artificial opal posed on Cu plate at the temperature of liquid nitrogen boiling point ( 77 K ) being irradiated by nanosecond ruby laser pulse produces long- term luminiscence with a duration till ten seconds with a finely structured spectrum in the the antistocks part of the spectrum . Analogous visible luminescence manifesting time delay appeared in other samples of the artificial opals posed on the same plate . In the case of the opal infiltrated with different nonlinear liquids the threshold of the luminiscence is reduced and the spatial disribution of the bright emmiting area on the opal surface is being changed . In the case of the putting the frozen nonlinear liquids on the Cu plate long-term blue bright luminiscence took place in the frozen species of the liquids . Temporal characteristics of this luminiscence are nearly the same as in opal matrixes .
0704.0089	physics.data-an physics.gen-ph	A general approach to statistical modeling of physical laws : nonparametric regression	Statistical modeling of experimental physical laws is based on the probability density function of measured variables . It is expressed by experimental data via a kernel estimator . The kernel is determined objectively by the scattering of data during calibration of experimental setup . A physical law , which relates measured variables , is optimally extracted from experimental data by the conditional average estimator . It is derived directly from the kernel estimator and corresponds to a general nonparametric regression . The proposed method is demonstrated by the modeling of a return map of noisy chaotic data . In this example , the nonparametric regression is used to predict a future value of chaotic time series from the present one . The mean predictor error is used in the definition of predictor quality , while the redundancy is expressed by the mean square distance between data points . Both statistics are used in a new definition of predictor cost function . From the minimum of the predictor cost function , a proper number of data in the model is estimated .
0704.0107	physics.data-an	Experimental modeling of physical laws	A physical law is represented by the probability distribution of a measured variable . The probability density is described by measured data using an estimator whose kernel is the instrument scattering function . The experimental information and data redundancy are defined in terms of information entropy . The model cost function , comprised of data redundancy and estimation error , is minimized by the creation-annihilation process .
