0708.0646	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech hep-th	Does the h-index have predictive power ?	Bibliometric measures of individual scientific achievement are of particular interest if they can be used to predict future achievement . Here we report results of an empirical study of the predictive power of the h-index compared to other indicators . Our findings indicate that the h-index is better than other indicators considered ( total citation count , citations per paper , and total paper count ) in predicting future scientific achievement . We discuss reasons for the superiority of the h-index .
0708.0728	physics.comp-ph	The optimal P3M algorithm for computing electrostatic energies in periodic systems	We optimize Hockney and Eastwood 's Particle-Particle Particle-Mesh ( P3M ) algorithm to achieve maximal accuracy in the electrostatic energies ( instead of forces ) in 3D periodic charged systems . To this end we construct an optimal influence function that minimizes the RMS errors in the energies . As a by-product we derive a new real-space cut-off correction term , give a transparent derivation of the systematic errors in terms of Madelung energies , and provide an accurate analytical estimate for the RMS error of the energies . This error estimate is a useful indicator of the accuracy of the computed energies , and allows an easy and precise determination of the optimal values of the various parameters in the algorithm ( Ewald splitting parameter , mesh size and charge assignment order ) .
0708.0748	physics.plasm-ph	Collisionless damping of electron waves in non-Maxwellian plasma	In this paper we have criticized the so-called Landau damping theory . We have analyzed solutions of the standard dispersion equations for longitudinal ( electric ) and transversal ( electromagnetic and electron ) waves in half-infinite slab of the uniform collisionless plasmas with non-Maxwellian and Maxwellian-like electron energy distribution functions . One considered the most typical cases of both the delta-function type distribution function ( the plasma stream with monochromatic electrons ) and distribution functions , different from Maxwellian ones as with a surplus as well as with a shortage in the Maxwellian distribution function tail . It is shown that there are present for the considered cases both collisionless damping and also non-damping electron waves even in the case of non-Maxwellian distribution function .
0708.0752	physics.atom-ph	Two-color photoassociation spectroscopy of ytterbium atoms and the precise determinations of s-wave scattering lengths	By performing high-resolution two-color photoassociation spectroscopy , we have successfully determined the binding energies of several of the last bound states of the homonuclear dimers of six different isotopes of ytterbium . These spectroscopic data are in excellent agreement with theoretical calculations based on a simple model potential , which very precisely predicts the s-wave scattering lengths of all 28 pairs of the seven stable isotopes . The s-wave scattering lengths for collision of two atoms of the same isotopic species are 13.33 ( 18 ) nm for ^ { 168 } Yb , 3.38 ( 11 ) nm for ^ { 170 } Yb , -0.15 ( 19 ) nm for ^ { 171 } Yb , -31.7 ( 3.4 ) nm for ^ { 172 } Yb , 10.55 ( 11 ) nm for ^ { 173 } Yb , 5.55 ( 8 ) nm for ^ { 174 } Yb , and -1.28 ( 23 ) nm for ^ { 176 } Yb . The coefficient of the lead term of the long-range van der Waals potential of the Yb_2 molecule is C_6=1932 ( 30 ) atomic units $ ( E_h a_0^6 \approx 9.573\times 10^ { -26 } $ J nm^6 ) .
0708.0765	physics.flu-dyn physics.plasm-ph	Anisotropic fluxes and nonlocal interactions in MHD turbulence	We investigate the locality or nonlocality of the energy transfer and of the spectral interactions involved in the cascade for decaying magnetohydrodynamic ( MHD ) flows in the presence of a uniform magnetic field $ \bf B $ at various intensities . The results are based on a detailed analysis of three-dimensional numerical flows at moderate Reynold numbers . The energy transfer functions , as well as the global and partial fluxes , are examined by means of different geometrical wavenumber shells . On the one hand , the transfer functions of the two conserved Els\ '' asser energies $ E^+ $ and $ E^- $ are found local in both the directions parallel ( $ k_\| $ -direction ) and perpendicular ( $ k_\perp $ -direction ) to the magnetic guide-field , whatever the $ { \bf B } $ -strength . On the other hand , from the flux analysis , the interactions between the two counterpropagating Els\ '' asser waves become nonlocal . Indeed , as the $ { \bf B } $ -intensity is increased , local interactions are strongly decreased and the interactions with small $ k_\| $ modes dominate the cascade . Most of the energy flux in the $ k_\perp $ -direction is due to modes in the plane at $ k_\|=0 $ , while the weaker cascade in the $ k_\| $ -direction is due to the modes with $ k_\|=1 $ . The stronger magnetized flows tends thus to get closer to the weak turbulence limit where the three-wave resonant interactions are dominating . Hence , the transition from the strong to the weak turbulence regime occurs by reducing the number of effective modes in the energy cascade .
0708.0767	physics.plasm-ph	Collisionsless amplifying of longitudinal electron waves in two-stream plasma	To better understanding the principal features of collisionless damping/growing plasma waves we have implemented a demonstrative calculation for the simplest cases of electron waves in two-stream plasmas with the delta-function type electron velocity distribution function of each of the streams with velocities v ( 1 ) and v ( 2 ) . The traditional dispersion equation is reduced to an algebraic 4th order equation , for which numerical solutions are presented for a variant of equal stream densities . In the case of uniform half-infinite slab one finds two dominant type solutions : non-damping forward waves and forward complex conjugated exponentially both damping and growing waves . Beside it in this case there is no necessity of calculation any logarithmically divergent indefinite integrals . The possibility of wave amplifying might be useful in practical applications .
0708.0768	physics.ins-det	Measurement of single electron emission in two-phase xenon	We present the first measurements of the electroluminescence response to the emission of single electrons in a two-phase noble gas detector . Single ionization electrons generated in liquid xenon are detected in a thin gas layer during the 31-day background run of the ZEPLIN-II experiment , a two-phase xenon detector for WIMP dark matter searches . Both the pressure dependence and magnitude of the single-electron response are in agreement with previous measurements of electroluminescence yield in xenon . We discuss different photoionization processes as possible cause for the sample of single electrons studied in this work . This observation may have implications for the design and operation of future large-scale two-phase systems .
0708.0776	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Time scale competition leading to fragmentation and recombination transitions in the coevolution of network and states	We study the co-evolution of network structure and node states in a model of multiple state interacting agents . The system displays two transitions , network recombination and fragmentation , governed by time scales that emerge from the dynamics . The recombination transition separates a frozen configuration , composed by disconnected network components whose agents share the same state , from an active configuration , with a fraction of links that are continuously being rewired . The nature of this transition is explained analytically as the maximum of a characteristic time . The fragmentation transition , that appears between two absorbing frozen phases , is an anomalous order-disorder transition , governed by a crossover between the time scales that control the structure and state dynamics .
0708.0784	physics.optics	Doppler-Free Spectroscopy of Weak Transitions : An Analytical Model Applied to Formaldehyde	Experimental observation of Doppler-free signals for weak transitions can be greatly facilitated by an estimate for their expected amplitudes . We derive an analytical model which allows the Doppler-free amplitude to be estimated for small Doppler-free signals . Application of this model to formaldehyde allows the amplitude of experimentally observed Doppler-free signals to be reproduced to within the experimental error .
0708.0786	physics.atom-ph	Four-body quantum dynamics of two-center electronic transitions in relativistic ion-atom collisions and target recoil momentum spectroscopy	We consider relativistic collisions of heavy hydrogen-like ions with hydrogen and helium atoms in which the ion-atom interaction causes both colliding particles to undergo transitions between their internal states . Using an approach enabling one , for the first time , to give a detailed description of this important case of the relativistic quantum few-body problem we concentrate on the study of the longitudinal momentum spectrum of the atomic recoil ions . We discuss the role of relativistic and higher order effects , predict a surprisingly strong influence of the projectile 's electron on the momentum transfer , draw the general picture of the recoil ion formation and show that the important information about the doubly inelastic collisions could be obtained in experiment merely by measuring the recoil momentum spectrum .
0708.0840	physics.bio-ph physics.comp-ph	Multiple complex networks emerging from individual interactions	Systems composed of distinct complex networks are present in many real-world environments , from society to ecological systems . In the present paper , we propose a network model obtained as a consequence of interactions between two species ( e.g . predator and prey ) . Fields are produced and sensed by the individuals , defining spatio-temporal patterns which are strongly affected by the attraction intensity between individuals from the same species . The dynamical evolution of the system , including the change of individuals between different clusters , is investigated by building two complex networks having the individuals as nodes . In the first network , the edge weight is given by the Euclidean distance between every two individuals and , in the case of the second network , by the amount of time two individuals stay close one another . A third network is obtained from the two previous networks whose nodes correspond to the spatially congruent groups . The system evolves to an organized state where Gaussian and scale-free-like strength distributions emerge , respectively , in the predator and prey networks . Such a different connectivity is mainly a consequence of preys elimination . Some configurations favor the survival of preys or higher efficiency of predator activity .
