0708.2467	physics.flu-dyn physics.plasm-ph	Non-Riemannian geometrical asymmetrical damping stresses on the Lagrange instability of shear flows	It is shown that the physical interpretation of Elie Cartan three-dimensional space torsion as couple asymmetric stress , has the effect of damping , previously Riemannian unstable Couette planar shear flow , leading to stability of the flow in the Lagrangean sense . Actually , since the flow speed is inversely proportional to torsion , it has the effect of causing a damping in the planar flow atenuating the instability effect . In this sense we may say that Cartan torsion induces shear viscous asymmetric stresses in the fluid , which are able to damp the instability of the flow . The stability of the flow is computed from the sectional curvature in non-Riemannian three-dimensional manifold . Marginal stability is asssumed by making the sectional non-Riemannian curvature zero , which allows us to determine the speeds of flows able to induce this stability . The ideas discussed here show that torsion plays the geometrical role of magnetic field in hydromagnetic instability of Couette flows recently investigated by Bonnano and Urpin ( PRE , ( 2007 , in press ) can be extended and applied to plastic flows with microstructure defects . Recently Riemannian asymmetric stresses in magnetohydrodynamics ( MHD ) have been considered by Billig ( 2004 ) .
0708.2468	physics.gen-ph	Categorical Foundations for Physics - I : Program at a Glance	Measures in the context of Category Theory lead to various relations , even differential relations , of categories that are independent of the mathematical structure forming objects of a category . Such relations , which are independent of mathematical structure that we may represent a physical body or a system of reference with , are , precisely , demanded to be the Laws of Physics by the General Principle of Relativity . This framework leads to a theory for the physical entirety .
0708.2489	physics.gen-ph physics.space-ph	AB Levitrons and their Applications to Earth 's Motionless Satellites	Author offers the new and distinctly revolutionary method of levitation in artificial magnetic field . It is shown that a very big space station and small satellites may be suspended over the Earth 's surface and used as motionless radio-TV translators , telecommunication boosters , absolute geographic position locators , personal and mass entertainment and as planet-observation platforms . Presented here is the theory of big AB artificial magnetic field and levitation in it is generally developed . Computation of three macro-projects : space station at altitude 100 km , TV-communication antenna at height 500 m , and multi-path magnetic highway . Key words : levitation , AB Levitrons , motionless space satellite .
0708.2496	physics.ed-ph	Contributions from cognitive research to mathematics and science education	An invited plenary given at the founding meeting of the Southern African Association for Research in Mathematics and Science Education in 1992 .
0708.2498	physics.ed-ph physics.class-ph physics.comp-ph	Computation in Classical Mechanics	There is a growing consensus that physics majors need to learn computational skills , but many departments are still devoid of computation in their physics curriculum . Some departments may lack the resources or commitment to create a dedicated course or program in computational physics . One way around this difficulty is to include computation in a standard upper-level physics course . An intermediate classical mechanics course is particularly well suited for including computation . We discuss the ways we have used computation in our classical mechanics courses , focusing on how computational work can improve students ' understanding of physics as well as their computational skills . We present examples of computational problems that serve these two purposes . In addition , we provide information about resources for instructors who would like to include computation in their courses .
0708.2499	physics.atom-ph physics.comp-ph	Theoretical spectroscopic studies of the atomic transitions and lifetimes of low-lying states in Ti IV	The astrophysically important electric quadrupole ( E2 ) and magnetic dipole ( M1 ) transitions for the low-lying states of triply ionized titanium ( Ti IV ) are calculated very accurately using a state-of-art all-order many-body theory called Coupled Cluster ( CC ) theory in the relativistic frame-work . Different many-body correlations of the CC theory has been estimated by studying the core and valence electron excitations to the unoccupied states . The calculated excitation energies of different states are in very good agreement with the measurements . Also we compare our calculated electric dipole ( E1 ) transition amplitudes of few transitions with recent many-body calculations by different groups . We have also carried out the calculations for the lifetimes of the low-lying states of Ti IV . A long lifetime is found for the first excited 3d $ ^ { 2 } D_ { 5/2 } $ state , which suggested that Ti IV may be one of the useful candidates for many important studies . Most of the results reported here are not available in the literature , to the best of our knowledge .
