0712.1890	physics.optics	Measurement of surface concentration of fluorophores using fluorescence fluctuation spectroscopy	Fluorescence fluctuation spectroscopy is applied to study molecules , passing through a small observation volume , usually subjected to diffusive or convective motion in liquid phase . We suggest that such a technique could be used to measure the areal absolute concentration of fluorophores deposited on a substrate or imbedded in a thin film , with a resolution of a few micrometers . The principle is to translate the solid substrate in front of a confocal fluorescence microscope objective and to record the subsequent fluctuations of the fluorescence intensity . The validity of this concept is investigated on model substrates ( fluorescent microspheres ) and DNA biochips .
0712.1902	physics.optics	Link between the laws of geometrical optics and the radiative transfer equation in media with a spatially varying refractive index	We proposed in a previous paper [ Opt . Commun . 228 , 33 ( 2003 ) ] a modified radiative transfer equation to describe radiative transfer in a medium with a spatially varying refractive index . The present paper is devoted to the demonstration that this equation perfectly works in the non-absorbing / non-scattering limit , what was contested by L. Mart\'i-L\'opez and coworkers [ Opt . Commun . 266 , 44 ( 2006 ) ] . The assertion that this equation would imply a zero divergence of the rays is also commented .
0712.1935	physics.comp-ph physics.chem-ph	Eliminating spin contamination in auxiliary-field quantum Monte Carlo : realistic potential energy curve of F2	The use of an approximate reference state wave function |Phi_r > in electronic many-body methods can break the spin symmetry of Born-Oppenheimer spin-independent Hamiltonians . This can result in significant errors , especially when bonds are stretched or broken . A simple spin-projection method is introduced for auxiliary-field quantum Monte Carlo ( AFQMC ) calculations , which yields spin-contamination-free results , even with a spin-contaminated |Phi_r > . The method is applied to the difficult F2 molecule , which is unbound within unrestricted Hartree-Fock ( UHF ) . With a UHF |Phi_r > , spin contamination causes large systematic errors and long equilibration times in AFQMC in the intermediate , bond-breaking region . The spin-projection method eliminates these problems , and delivers an accurate potential energy curve from equilibrium to the dissociation limit using the UHF |Phi_r > . Realistic potential energy curves are obtained with a cc-pVQZ basis . The calculated spectroscopic constants are in excellent agreement with experiment .
0712.1942	physics.plasm-ph physics.comp-ph	Avalanche to streamer transition in particle simulations	The avalanche to streamer transition is studied and illustrated in a particle model . The results are similar to those of fluid models . However , when super-particles are introduced , numerical artefacts become visible . This underscores the need of models that are hybrid in space .
0712.1944	physics.chem-ph	The Simulation of High Pressure Nucleation Experiments in Diffusion Cloud Chamber	For high- pressure nucleation experiments in upward diffusion cloud chamber , there is the great deviation of predictions of classical nucleation theory from experimental results ; the discrepancy is more than 10 orders of magnitude of nucleation rate . Experimental data for 1-propanol vapor are under investigation in this paper . It was shown that mathematical model of a single droplet growth and motion semi- quantitatively explained all experimentally discovered regularities . For explanations low nucleation rate versus high supersaturation , the coalescence mechanism in gaseous phase has been proposed . As result of coalescence the vast majority of newly formed clusters evaporate and restore vapor density and temperature profile in DCC . The observed picture with low nucleation rate is result of diffusion interaction between small clusters and droplets in nucleation zone for high- pressure nucleation experiments .
0712.1945	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Correlations between political party size and voter memory : A statistical analysis of opinion polls	This paper describes the application of statistical methods to political polling data in order to look for correlations and memory effects . We propose measures for quantifying the political memory using the correlation function and scaling analysis . These methods reveal time correlations and self-affine scaling properties respectively , and they have been applied to polling data from Norway . Power-law dependencies have been found between correlation measures and party size , and different scaling behaviour has been found for large and small parties .
0712.1950	physics.acc-ph hep-ph physics.ins-det	ILC Reference Design Report Volume 1 - Executive Summary	The International Linear Collider ( ILC ) is a 200-500 GeV center-of-mass high-luminosity linear electron-positron collider , based on 1.3 GHz superconducting radio-frequency ( SCRF ) accelerating cavities . The ILC has a total footprint of about 31 km and is designed for a peak luminosity of 2x10^34 cm^-2s^-1 . This report is the Executive Summary ( Volume I ) of the four volume Reference Design Report . It gives an overview of the physics at the ILC , the accelerator design and value estimate , the detector concepts , and the next steps towards project realization .
0712.1960	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	The Network of Commuters in London	We study the directed and weighted network in which the wards of London are vertices and two vertices are connected whenever there is at least one person commuting to work from a ward to another . Remarkably the in-strength and in-degree distribution tail is a power law with exponent around -2 , while the out-strength and out-degree distribution tail is exponential . We propose a simple square lattice model to explain the observed empirical behaviour .
0712.1964	physics.ins-det	The Fast Read-out System for the MAPMTs of COMPASS RICH-1	A fast readout system for the upgrade of the COMPASS RICH detector has been developed and successfully used for data taking in 2006 and 2007 . The new readout system for the multi-anode PMTs in the central part of the photon detector of the RICH is based on the high-sensitivity MAD4 preamplifier-discriminator and the dead-time free F1-TDC chip characterized by high-resolution . The readout electronics has been designed taking into account the high photon flux in the central part of the detector and the requirement to run at high trigger rates of up to 100 kHz with negligible dead-time . The system is designed as a very compact setup and is mounted directly behind the multi-anode photomultipliers . The data are digitized on the frontend boards and transferred via optical links to the readout system . The read-out electronics system is described in detail together with its measured performances .
0712.1990	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Atom Interferometry with up to 24-Photon-Momentum-Transfer Beam Splitters	We present up to 24-photon Bragg diffraction as a beam splitter in light-pulse atom interferometers to achieve the largest splitting in momentum space so far . Relative to the 2-photon processes used in the most sensitive present interferometers , these large momentum transfer beam splitters increase the phase shift 12-fold for Mach-Zehnder ( MZ- ) and 144-fold for Ramsey-Borde ( RB- ) geometries . We achieve a high visibility of the interference fringes ( up to 52 % for MZ or 36 % for RB ) and long pulse separation times that are possible only in atomic fountain setups . As the atom 's internal state is not changed , important systematic effects can cancel .
0712.2024	physics.flu-dyn physics.plasm-ph	Energy decay laws in strongly anisotropic MHD turbulence	We investigate the influence of a uniform magnetic field $ { \bf B_0 } =B_0 e// $ on energy decay laws in incompressible magnetohydrodynamic ( MHD ) turbulence . The nonlinear transfer reduction along $ B_0 $ is included in a model that distinguishes parallel and perpendicular directions , following a phenomenology { \it \`a la } Kraichnan . We predict a slowing down of the energy decay due to anisotropy in the limit of strong $ B_0 $ , with distinct power laws for energy decay of shear- and pseudo-Alfv\'en waves . Numerical results from the kinetic equations of Alfv\'en wave turbulence recover these predictions , and MHD numerical results clearly tend to follow them in the lowest perpendicular planes .
0712.2027	physics.optics	Design and analytically full-wave validation of the invisibility cloaks , concentrators , and field rotators created with a general class of transformations	We investigate a general class of electromagnetic devices created with any continuous transformation functions by rigorously calculating the analytical expressions of the electromagnetic field in the whole space . Some interesting phenomena associated with these transformation devices , including the invisibility cloaks , concentrators , and field rotators , are discussed . By carefully choosing the transformation function , we can realize cloaks which are insensitive to perturbations at both the inner and outer boundaries . Furthermore , we find that when the coating layer of the concentrator is realized with left-handed materials , energy will circulate between the coating and the core , and the energy transmits through the core of the concentrator can be much bigger than that transmits through the concentrator . Therefore , such concentrator is also a power flux amplifier . Finally , we propose a spherical field rotator , which functions as not only a wave vector rotator , but also a polarization rotator , depending on the orientations of the spherical rotator with respect to the incident wave direction . The functionality of these novel transformation devices are all successfully confirmed by our analytical full wave method , which also provides an alternate computational efficient validation method in contrast to numerical validation methods .
0712.2034	physics.bio-ph	Exploring proteins multi-funnel energy landscape	An all-atom model of proteins is used to show that the same sequence of amino acids can have many alternative structures , that are very distant from , and that can be as stable as , the corresponding native structure . Such alternative structures are not easily rationalized as belonging to the native basin and indicate instead that the free energy landscape of proteins is multi-funnel-shaped and that Anfinsen 's thermodynamic hypothesis alone can not explain protein folding . An alternative two-step process for folding is proposed and its consistency with the experimental evidence available is discussed .
0712.2057	physics.atom-ph	Theoretical analysis of a single and double reflection atom interferometer in a weakly-confining magnetic trap	The operation of a BEC based atom interferometer , where the atoms are held in a weakly-confining magnetic trap and manipulated with counter-propagating laser beams , is analyzed . A simple analytic model is developed to describe the dynamics of the interferometer . It is used to find the regions of parameter space with high and low contrast of the interference fringes for both single and double reflection interferometers . We demonstrate that for a double reflection interferometer the coherence time can be increased by shifting the recombination time . The theory is compared with recent experimental realizations of these interferometers .
0712.2070	physics.atom-ph cond-mat.soft quant-ph	Analytic models of ultra-cold atomic collisions at negative energies for application to confinement-induced resonances	We construct simple analytic models of the $ S $ -matrix , accounting for both scattering resonances and smooth background contributions for collisions that occur below the s-wave threshold . Such models are important for studying confinement-induced resonances such as those occurring in cold collisions of $ ^ { 133 } $ Cs atoms in separated sites of a polarization-gradient optical lattice . Because these resonances occur at negative energy with respect to the s-wave threshold , they can not be studied easily using direct numerical solutions of the Schr\ '' { o } dinger equation . Using our analytic model , we extend previous studies of negative-energy scattering to the multichannel case , accounting for the interplay of Feshbach resonances , large background scattering lengths , and inelastic processes .
0712.2090	physics.bio-ph	Indeterminacy of Spatiotemporal Cardiac Alternans	Cardiac alternans , a beat-to-beat alternation in action potential duration ( at the cellular level ) or in ECG morphology ( at the whole heart level ) , is a marker of ventricular fibrillation , a fatal heart rhythm that kills hundreds of thousands of people in the US each year . Investigating cardiac alternans may lead to a better understanding of the mechanisms of cardiac arrhythmias and eventually better algorithms for the prediction and prevention of such dreadful diseases . In paced cardiac tissue , alternans develops under increasingly shorter pacing period . Existing experimental and theoretical studies adopt the assumption that alternans in homogeneous cardiac tissue is exclusively determined by the pacing period . In contrast , we find that , when calcium-driven alternans develops in cardiac fibers , it may take different spatiotemporal patterns depending on the pacing history . Because there coexist multiple alternans solutions for a given pacing period , the alternans pattern on a fiber becomes unpredictable . Using numerical simulation and theoretical analysis , we show that the coexistence of multiple alternans patterns is induced by the interaction between electrotonic coupling and an instability in calcium cycling .
