0705.1029	physics.ed-ph astro-ph gr-qc	No Way Back : Maximizing survival time below the Schwarzschild event horizon	It has long been known that once you cross the event horizon of a black hole , your destiny lies at the central singularity , irrespective of what you do . Furthermore , your demise will occur in a finite amount of proper time . In this paper , the use of rockets in extending the amount of time before the collision with the central singularity is examined . In general , the use of such rockets can increase your remaining time , but only up to a maximum value ; this is at odds with the `` more you struggle , the less time you have '' statement that is sometimes discussed in relation to black holes . The derived equations are simple to solve numerically and the framework can be employed as a teaching tool for general relativity .
0705.1063	physics.ed-ph physics.comp-ph	Advantages of the multiple scattering representation approach to radiation trapping	A simple stochastic formulation of the multiple scattering representation solution of the classical linear incoherent trapping problem is presented for a broad audience . A clear connection with the alternative Holstein 's solution ansatz is emphasized by the ( re ) interpretation of the fundamental mode as the one associated with a relaxed nonchanging spatial distribution of excitation . Expressions for overall relaxation parameters ( ensemble emission yield and lifetime ) as well as time-resolved ( decay and spatial distribution ) and steady-state quantities ( spectra and spatial distribution ) are given with the fundamental mode contribution singled out . The multiple scattering representation is advocated for final undergraduate and beginning graduate physics instruction based on physical insight and computation feasibility . This will be illustrated in the following instalment of this contribution .
0705.1081	physics.bio-ph	Stability Analysis of a Hybrid Cellular Automaton Model of Cell Colony Growth	Cell colonies of bacteria , tumour cells and fungi , under nutrient limited growth conditions , exhibit complex branched growth patterns . In order to investigate this phenomenon we present a simple hybrid cellular automaton model of cell colony growth . In the model the growth of the colony is limited by a nutrient that is consumed by the cells and which inhibits cell division if it falls below a certain threshold . Using this model we have investigated how the nutrient consumption rate of the cells affects the growth dynamics of the colony . We found that for low consumption rates the colony takes on a Eden-like morphology , while for higher consumption rates the morphology of the colony is branched with a fractal geometry . These findings are in agreement with previous results , but the simplicity of the model presented here allows for a linear stability analysis of the system . By observing that the local growth of the colony is proportional to the flux of the nutrient we derive an approximate dispersion relation for the growth of the colony interface . This dispersion relation shows that the stability of the growth depends on how far the nutrient penetrates into the colony . For low nutrient consumption rates the penetration distance is large , which stabilises the growth , while for high consumption rates the penetration distance is small , which leads to unstable branched growth . When the penetration distance vanishes the dispersion relation is reduced to the one describing Laplacian growth without ultra-violet regularisation . The dispersion relation was verified by measuring how the average branch width depends on the consumption rate of the cells and shows good agreement between theory and simulations .
0705.1084	physics.gen-ph nlin.AO	A New Model for the Organizational Knowledge Life Cycle	Actual organizations , in particular the ones which operate in evolving and distributed environments , need advanced frameworks for the management of the knowledge life cycle . These systems have to be based on the social relations which constitute the pattern of collaboration ties of the organization . We demonstrate here , with the aid of a model taken from the theory of graphs , that it is possible to provide the conditions for an effective knowledge management . A right way could be to involve the actors with the highest betweeness centrality in the generation of discussion groups . This solution allows the externalization of tacit knowledge , the preservation of knowledge and the raise of innovation processes .
0705.1087	physics.chem-ph physics.comp-ph	Hydrogen molecule ion : Path integral Monte Carlo approach	Path integral Monte Carlo approach is used to study the coupled quantum dynamics of the electron and nuclei in hydrogen molecule ion . The coupling effects are demonstrated by comparing differences in adiabatic Born -- Oppenheimer and non-adiabatic simulations , and inspecting projections of the full three-body dynamics onto adiabatic Born -- Oppenheimer approximation . Coupling of electron and nuclear quantum dynamics is clearly seen . Nuclear pair correlation function is found to broaden by 0.040 a_0 and average bond length is larger by 0.056 a_0 . Also , non-adiabatic correction to the binding energy is found . Electronic distribution is affected less , and therefore , we could say that the adiabatic approximation is better for the electron than for the nuclei .
0705.1091	physics.soc-ph	Information feedback and mass media effects in cultural dynamics	We study the effects of different forms of information feedback associated with mass media on an agent-agent based model of the dynamics of cultural dissemination . In addition to some processes previously considered , we also examine a model of local mass media influence in cultural dynamics . Two mechanisms of information feedback are investigated : ( i ) direct mass media influence , where local or global mass media act as an additional element in the network of interactions of each agent , and ( ii ) indirect mass media influence , where global media acts as a filter of the influence of the existing network of interactions of each agent . Our results generalize previous findings showing that cultural diversity builds-up by increasing the strength of the mass media influence . We find that this occurs independently of the mechanisms of action ( direct or indirect ) of the mass media message . However , through an analysis of the full range of parameters measuring cultural diversity , we establish that the enhancement of cultural diversity produced by interaction with mass media only occurs for strong enough mass media messages . In comparison with previous studies a main different result is that weak mass media messages , in combination with agent-agent interaction , are efficient in producing cultural homogeneity . Moreover , the homogenizing effect of weak mass media messages are more efficient for direct local mass media messages than for global mass media messages or indirect global mass media influences .
0705.1100	physics.geo-ph	A New Tool for Seismology -- the Cumulative Spectral Power	The power spectral density ( PSD ) function is commonly used to specify seismometer performance . It is derived from the FFT of acceleration and correction is made for the transfer function of the instrument that generated the data . As with any such spectrum of density ( `per Hz ' ) type , the noise inherent to a PSD is large . This article illustrates the value of a function that is derived from the PSD and for which the influence of noise is significantly reduced . Called the cumulative spectral power ( CSP ) , it is obtained from the PSD through the noise-reducing process of integration . The maximum of the CSP ( corresponding to the longest graphed value of the period ) provides a means for estimating the total vibrational power of the earth . The present author has significantly simplified the process of PSD generation . Thus routine graphing is straightforwared-of first the FFT , followed by the generation of both a PSD and its associated CSP . The unique properties of the CSP make it valuable for the study of a variety of earth dynamics . For example , the strking simplicity of a CSP graph generated from a record containing a strong teleseismic earthquake is undoubtedly important to the development and refinement of any viable theory of earthquake dynamics .
0705.1109	physics.comp-ph	On monotonicity , stability , and construction of central schemes for hyperbolic conservation laws with source terms ( Revised Version )	The monotonicity and stability of difference schemes for , in general , hyperbolic systems of conservation laws with source terms are studied . The basic approach is to investigate the stability and monotonicity of a non-linear scheme in terms of its corresponding scheme in variations . Such an approach leads to application of the stability theory for linear equation systems to establish stability of the corresponding non-linear scheme . The main methodological innovation is the theorems establishing the notion that a non-linear scheme is stable ( and monotone ) if the corresponding scheme in variations is stable ( and , respectively , monotone ) . Criteria are developed for monotonicity and stability of difference schemes associated with the numerical analysis of systems of partial differential equations . The theorem of Friedrichs ( 1954 ) is generalized to be applicable to variational schemes with non-symmetric matrices . A new modification of the central Lax-Friedrichs ( LxF ) scheme is developed to be of the second order accuracy . A monotone piecewise cubic interpolation is used in the central schemes to give an accurate approximation for the model in question . The stability and monotonicity of the modified scheme are investigated . Some versions of the modified scheme are tested on several conservation laws , and the scheme is found to be accurate and robust . As applied to hyperbolic conservation laws with , in general , stiff source terms , it is constructed a second order scheme based on operator-splitting techniques .
0705.1116	physics.gen-ph	The Search for a New Equivalence Principle	The new emerging quantum physics - quantum computing conceptual bridge , mandates a `` grand unification '' of space-time-matter and quantum information ( all quantized ) , with deep implications for science in general . The major physics revolutions in our understanding of the universe are briefly reviewed and a `` missing '' equivalence principle is identified and its nature explained . An implementation as an external super-symmetry $ \C { E } =ic\C { P } $ is suggested , generalizing the Wick rotation `` trick '' . Taking advantage of the interpretation of entropy as a measure of symmetry , it is naturally asimilated within the present Feynman Path Integral algebraic formalism .
0705.1134	physics.bio-ph	Supersymmetric methods in the traveling variable : inside neurons and at the brain scale	We apply the mathematical technique of factorization of differential operators to two different problems . First we review our results related to the supersymmetry of the Montroll kinks moving onto the microtubule walls as well as mentioning the sine-Gordon model for the microtubule nonlinear excitations . Second , we find analytic expressions for a class of one-parameter solutions of a sort of diffusion equation of Bessel type that is obtained by supersymmetry from the homogeneous form of a simple damped wave equations derived in the works of P.A . Robinson and collaborators for the corticothalamic system . We also present a possible interpretation of the diffusion equation in the brain context
0705.1140	physics.flu-dyn	An upper bound for passive scalar diffusion in shear flows	This study is concerned with the diffusion of a passive scalar $ \Theta ( \r , t ) $ advected by general $ n $ -dimensional shear flows $ \u=u ( y , z , ... , t ) \hat { x } $ having finite mean-square velocity gradients . The unidirectionality of the incompressible flows conserves the stream-wise scalar gradient , $ \partial_x\Theta $ , allowing only the cross-stream components to be amplified by shearing effects . This amplification is relatively weak because an important contributing factor , $ \partial_x\Theta $ , is conserved , effectively rendering a slow diffusion process . It is found that the decay of the scalar variance $ < \Theta^2 > $ satisfies $ d < \Theta^2 > /dt\ge -C\kappa^ { 1/3 } $ , where $ C > 0 $ is a constant , depending on the fluid velocity gradients and initial distribution of $ \Theta $ , and $ \kappa $ is the molecular diffusivity . This result generalizes to axisymmetric flows on the plane and on the sphere having finite mean-square angular velocity gradients .
0705.1173	physics.gen-ph quant-ph	Effective Physical Processes and Active Information in Quantum Computing	The recent debate on hypercomputation has arisen new questions both on the computational abilities of quantum systems and the Church-Turing Thesis role in Physics . We propose here the idea of `` effective physical process '' as the essentially physical notion of computation . By using the Bohm and Hiley active information concept we analyze the differences between the standard form ( quantum gates ) and the non-standard one ( adiabatic and morphogenetic ) of Quantum Computing , and we point out how its Super-Turing potentialities derive from an incomputable information source in accordance with Bell 's constraints . On condition that we give up the formal concept of `` universality '' , the possibility to realize quantum oracles is reachable . In this way computation is led back to the logic of physical world .
0705.1192	physics.hist-ph	Indian Cosmological Ideas	This paper , third in the series on Indian tradition of physics , describes conceptions of the cosmos with ideas that are clearly spelt out in texts such as Yoga Vasishtha.In particular , the conception of multiple universes that occurs often in this text will be examined in the framework of the Indian physics . The other surprising concepts that are discussed include flow of time and its variability with respect to different observers , and the possibility of passage across universes .
0705.1198	physics.flu-dyn	Measured oscillations of the velocity and temperature fields in turbulent Rayleigh-B\ ' { e } nard convection in a rectangular cell	Temperature and velocity oscillations have been found in a rectangular Rayleigh-B\ ' { e } nard convection cell , in which one large scale convection roll exists . At $ Ra=8.9 \times 10^ { 11 } $ and $ Pr=4 $ , temperature oscillation can be observed in most part of the system and the oscillation period remains almost constant , $ t_T = 74 \pm 2 $ seconds . Velocity oscillation can only be found in its horizontal component , $ v_y $ ( perpendicular to large scale circulation plane ) , near the cell sidewall , its oscillation period is also constant , $ t_T = 65 \pm 2 $ seconds , at these positions . Temperature and velocity oscillations have different Ra dependence , which are respectively indicated by Peclect number $ Pe_T = 0.55Ra^ { 0.47 } $ and $ Pe_v = 0.28Ra^ { 0.50 } $ . In comparison to the case of cylindrical cell , we find that the velocity oscillation is affected by the system geometry .
