0712.2556	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph physics.optics	Strong-field control of x-ray absorption	Strong optical laser fields modify the way x rays interact with matter . This allows us to use x rays to gain deeper insight into strong-field processes . Alternatively , optical lasers may be utilized to control the propagation of x rays through a medium . Gas-phase systems are particularly suitable for illustrating the basic principles underlying combined x-ray and laser interactions . Topics addressed include the impact of spin-orbit interaction on the alignment of atomic ions produced in a strong laser field , electromagnetically induced transparency in the x-ray regime , and laser-induced alignment of molecules .
0712.2562	physics.gen-ph	A new model and its physics	The high temperature superconductivity in cuprate materials1 has puzzled scientists over twenty years . We must find a new way to understand superconductivity . It is found the spin-charge correlation may dominate the superconductivity2 , and we base our judgment upon the features of various superconductors . Thus we presented the idea that superconductivity could be described by correlations . To develop this idea into a quantitative theory , the first work is to give a model and show that various superconductivities can be included in this model . Moreover , superconductivity can originate from the spin-singlet pairing3 or from the spin-triplet pairing4 . The spin-singlet pairing favors to appear at the border of antiferromagnetism5 , while the spin-triplet pairing favors to appear at the border of ferromagnetism6 . The coexistence between superconductivity and magnetism is also possible7,8 . Therefore , the second work is to reveal the relation between superconductivity and magnetism .
0712.2564	physics.ao-ph physics.gen-ph	Mechanisms of Dendrites Occurrence during Crystallization : Features of the Ice Crystals Formation	Dendrites formation in the course of crystallization presents very general phenomenon , which is analyzed in details via the example of ice crystals growth in deionized water . Neutral molecules of water on the surface are combined into the double electric layer ( DEL ) of oriented dipoles ; its field reorients approaching dipoles with observable radio-emission in the range of 150 kHz . The predominant attraction of oriented dipoles to points of gradients of this field induces dendrites growth from them , e.g . formation of characteristic form of snowflakes at free movement of clusters through saturated vapor in atmosphere . The constant electric field strengthens DELs ' field and the growth of dendrites . Described phenomena should appear at crystallization of various substances with dipole molecules , features of radio-emission can allow the monitoring of certain processes in atmosphere and in technological processes . Crystallization of particles without constant moments can be stimulated by DELs of another nature with attraction of virtual moments of particles to gradients of fields and corresponding dendrites formation .
0712.2575	physics.gen-ph	On the Fundamental Properties of Coupled Oscillating Systems	The present paper presents a new general conception of interaction between physical systems , differing significantly from that of both classical physics and quantum physics as generally understood . We believe this conception could provide the basis for a coherent understanding of several classes of natural phenomena that until now have been studied only in a piece-meal fashion . These include 1 ) the universal tendency for physical systems to associate together into stable dynamic formations ; 2 ) the seemingly unlimited capacity for generation of physical objects in Nature , including the emergence of coherent , quantized states in physical systems of the most varied nature ; 3 ) the existence of close couplings between processes whose characteristic length-scales , frequency- and energy-ranges differ by many orders of magnitude . The proposed conception first emerged in connection with experimental studies of the nonlinear behavior of coupled electromagnetic oscillators , and the discovery of two fundamental phenomena that had been overlooked in the classical theory of oscillations . The essential features of these phenomena are summarized in the first two sections of the paper , after which we indicate how the underlying physical principles can be combined under a single notion of interaction , providing a mechanism by which a practically unlimited wealth of physical objects could be generated by the interaction of just a few . The final section puts forward some preliminary ideas about the electromagneto-mechanical dual nature of physical objects as oscillatory processes , suggesting a universal scope for the proposed conceptions .
