0705.1793	physics.optics physics.data-an	Higher Order Statistsics of Stokes Parameters in a Random Birefringent Medium	We present a new model for the propagation of polarized light in a random birefringent medium . This model is based on a decomposition of the higher order statistics of the reduced Stokes parameters along the irreducible representations of the rotation group . We show how this model allows a detailed description of the propagation , giving analytical expressions for the probability densities of the Mueller matrix and the Stokes vector throughout the propagation . It also allows an exact description of the evolution of averaged quantities , such as the degree of polarization . We will also discuss how this model allows a generalization of the concepts of reduced Stokes parameters and degree of polarization to higher order statistics . We give some notes on how it can be extended to more general random media .
0705.1844	physics.comp-ph	Design of quasi-symplectic propagators for Langevin dynamics	A vector field splitting approach is discussed for the systematic derivation of numerical propagators for deterministic dynamics . Based on the formalism , a class of numerical integrators for Langevin dynamics are presented for single and multiple timestep algorithms .
0705.1868	physics.chem-ph	Nonlinear optical response of wave packets on quantized potential energy surfaces	We calculated the dynamics of nuclear wave packets in coupled electron-vibration systems and their nonlinear optical responses . We found that the quantized nature of the vibrational modes is observed in pump-probe spectra particularly in weakly interacting electron-vibration systems such as cyanine dye molecules . Calculated results based on a harmonic potential model and molecular orbital calculations are compared with experimental results , and we also found that the materials parameters regarding with the geometrical structure of potential energy surfaces are directly determined by accurate measurement of time-resolved spectra .
0705.1877	physics.gen-ph	The reaction-free trajectories of a classical point charge	It is well-known that a classical point charge in 1+1 D hyperbolic motion in space and time is reaction-free . But this is a special case of a larger set of reaction-free trajectories that in general are curved paths through space , i.e . in 2+1 D. This note catalogs the full family of reaction-free trajectories , giving a geometrical interpretation by which means the curved path possibility is easily related to the better known case of hyperbolic motion in 1+1 D. Motivated by the geometry , it is shown how the catalog of motions can be naturally extended to include the possibility of lossless reaction-free closed spatial orbits that turn out to be classical pair creation and destruction events . The extended theory can accommodate a vacuum plenum of classical current that could be regarded as a classical version of the Fermionic ZPF of QFT , reminiscent of the relationship between the Electromagnetic ZPF and the classical imitation that characterizes `Stochastic Electrodynamics ' .
0705.1907	physics.atom-ph	Electron-positron pair creation by Coulomb and laser fields in the tunneling regime	Electron-positron pair creation due to combined nuclear Coulomb and strong laser fields is investigated for the tunneling regime . The energy spectra and angular distributions of the pair are found analytically for the first time . The energy spectrum for each lepton exhibits a sharp maximum located well above the threshold for any polarization of the laser field . The angular distributions of leptons depend on the polarization : for the linear polarization both leptons move predominantly along the laser beam direction ; for the circular polarization leptons are emitted in a thin-walled cone centered on the laser beam . The spectral and angular distributions found are governed by the intensity and frequency of the field , and the frequency independent total pair creation rates comply with the previously known results . A new method of calculation - the vicinal approximation - which uses the fact that the pair production takes place in the close vicinity of the nucleus , is suggested .
0705.1943	physics.gen-ph physics.space-ph	Electrostatic Climber for Space Elevator and Launcher	Author details research on the new , very prospective , electrostatic Space Elevator climber based on a new electrostatic linear engine previously offered at the 42nd Joint Propulsion Conference ( AIAA-2006-5229 ) and published in AEAT , Vol.78 , No.6 , 2006 , pp . 502-508 . The electrostatic climber discussed can have any speed ( and braking ) , the energy for climber movement is delivered by a lightweight high-voltage line into a Space Elevator-holding cable from Earth electric generator . This electric line also can be used for delivery electric energy to a Geosynchronous Space Station . At present , the best solution of the climber problem ( announced by NASA as one important awarding problem of Space Elevator ) is problematic . Author also shows the linear electrostatic engine may be used as realistic power space launcher at the present time . Two projects illustrate these new devices . Key words : Space elevator , Electrostatic climber for space elevator , Electrostatic space launcher , Electrostatic accelerator . This work is presented as paper AIAA-2007-5838 for 43 Joint Propulsion Conference , Cincinnati , Ohio , USA , 9-11 July , 2007 ,
0705.1958	physics.atom-ph	How to detect level crossings without looking at the spectrum	We remind the reader that it is possible to tell if two or more eigenvalues of a matrix are equal , without calculating the eigenvalues . We then use this property to detect ( avoided ) crossings in the spectra of quantum Hamiltonians representable by matrices . This approach provides a pedagogical introduction to ( avoided ) crossings , is capable of handling realistic Hamiltonians analytically , and offers a way to visualize crossings which is sometimes superior to that provided by the spectrum . We illustrate the method using the Breit-Rabi Hamiltonian to describe the hyperfine-Zeeman structure of the ground state hydrogen atom in a uniform magnetic field .
0705.1997	physics.flu-dyn cond-mat.soft physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph	Capillary Rise of Liquids in Nanopores	We present measurements on the spontaneous imbibition ( capillary rise ) of water , a linear hydrocarbon ( n-C16H34 ) and a liquid crystal ( 8OCB ) into the pore space of monolithic , nanoporous Vycor glass ( mean pore radius 5 nm ) . Measurements on the mass uptake of the porous hosts as a function of time , m ( t ) , are in good agreement with the Lucas-Washburn square root of time prediction , typical of imbibition of liquids into porous hosts . The relative capillary rise velocities scale as expected from the bulk fluid parameters .
0705.2049	physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph	Protein Dynamical Transition in Terahertz Dielectric Response	The 200 K protein dynamical transition is observed for the first time in the teraherz dielectric response . The complex dielectric permittivity $ \epsilon $ = $ \epsilon $ ' + i $ \epsilon $ '' is determined in the 0.2 - 2.0 THz and 80-294 K ranges . $ \epsilon $ '' has a linear temperature dependence up to 200 K then sharply increases . The low temperature linear dependence in $ \epsilon $ '' indicates anharmonicity for temperatures 80 K < T < 180 K , challenging the assumed harmonicity below 200K . The temperature dependence is consistent with beta relaxation response and shows the protein motions involved in the dynamical transition extend to subpicosecond time scales .
