0706.3712	physics.flu-dyn physics.ao-ph	Resonant and Near-Resonant Internal Wave Interactions	We report evaluations of a resonant kinetic equation that suggest the slow time evolution of the Garrett and Munk spectrum is { \em not } , in fact , slow . Instead nonlinear transfers lead to evolution time scales that are smaller than one wave period at high vertical wavenumber . Such values of the transfer rates are inconsistent with conventional wisdom that regards the Garrett and Munk spectrum as an approximate stationary state and puts the self-consistency of a resonant kinetic equation at a serious risk . We explore possible reasons for and resolutions of this paradox . Inclusion of near-resonant interactions decreases the rate at which the spectrum evolves . This leads to improved self-consistency of the kinetic equation .
0706.3765	physics.acc-ph	A surprising method for polarising antiprotons	We propose a method for polarising antiprotons in a storage ring by means of a polarised positron beam moving parallel to the antiprotons . If the relative velocity is adjusted to $ v/c \approx 0.002 $ the cross section for spin-flip is as large as about $ 2 \cdot 10^ { 13 } $ barn as shown by new QED-calculations of the triple spin-cross sections . Two possibilities for providing a positron source with sufficient flux density are presented . A polarised positron beam with a polarisation of 0.70 and a flux density of approximately $ 1.5 \cdot 10^ { 10 } $ / ( mm $ ^2 $ s ) appears to be feasible by means of a radioactive $ ^ { 11 } $ C dc-source . A more involved proposal is the production of polarised positrons by pair production with circularly polarised photons . It yields a polarisation of 0.76 and requires the injection into a small storage ring . Such polariser sources can be used at low ( 100 MeV ) as well as at high ( 1 GeV ) energy storage rings providing a time of about one hour for polarisation build-up of about $ 10^ { 10 } $ antiprotons to a polarisation of about 0.18 . A comparison with other proposals show a gain in the figure-of-merit by a factor of about ten .
0706.3768	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.dis-nn cs.NI physics.data-an	Dynamic Exploration of Networks : from general principles to the traceroute process	Dynamical processes taking place on real networks define on them evolving subnetworks whose topology is not necessarily the same of the underlying one . We investigate the problem of determining the emerging degree distribution , focusing on a class of tree-like processes , such as those used to explore the Internet 's topology . A general theory based on mean-field arguments is proposed , both for single-source and multiple-source cases , and applied to the specific example of the traceroute exploration of networks . Our results provide a qualitative improvement in the understanding of dynamical sampling and of the interplay between dynamics and topology in large networks like the Internet .
0706.3825	physics.class-ph physics.geo-ph	Free and smooth boundaries in 2-D finite-difference schemes for transient elastic waves	A method is proposed for accurately describing arbitrary-shaped free boundaries in single-grid finite-difference schemes for elastodynamics , in a time-domain velocity-stress framework . The basic idea is as follows : fictitious values of the solution are built in vacuum , and injected into the numerical integration scheme near boundaries . The most original feature of this method is the way in which these fictitious values are calculated . They are based on boundary conditions and compatibility conditions satisfied by the successive spatial derivatives of the solution , up to a given order that depends on the spatial accuracy of the integration scheme adopted . Since the work is mostly done during the preprocessing step , the extra computational cost is negligible . Stress-free conditions can be designed at any arbitrary order without any numerical instability , as numerically checked . Using 10 grid nodes per minimal S-wavelength with a propagation distance of 50 wavelengths yields highly accurate results . With 5 grid nodes per minimal S-wavelength , the solution is less accurate but still acceptable . A subcell resolution of the boundary inside the Cartesian meshing is obtained , and the spurious diffractions induced by staircase descriptions of boundaries are avoided . Contrary to what occurs with the vacuum method , the quality of the numerical solution obtained with this method is almost independent of the angle between the free boundary and the Cartesian meshing .
0706.3880	physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Evaluating Local Community Methods in Networks	We present a new benchmarking procedure that is unambiguous and specific to local community-finding methods , allowing one to compare the accuracy of various methods . We apply this to new and existing algorithms . A simple class of synthetic benchmark networks is also developed , capable of testing properties specific to these local methods .
0706.3883	physics.bio-ph	Single cell mechanics : stress stiffening and kinematic hardening	Cell mechanical properties are fundamental to the organism but remain poorly understood . We report a comprehensive phenomenological framework for the nonlinear rheology of single fibroblast cells : a superposition of elastic stiffening and viscoplastic kinematic hardening . Our results show , that in spite of cell complexity its mechanical properties can be cast into simple , well-defined rules , which provide mechanical cell strength and robustness via control of crosslink slippage .
0706.3891	physics.gen-ph	On spherically symmetric structures in GR	We reconsider some subtle points concerning the relativistic treatment of the gravitational fields generated by spherically symmetric structures .
0706.3922	physics.ins-det	CDF Central Preshower and Crack Detector Upgrade	The CDF Central Preshower and Crack Detector Upgrade consist of scintillator tiles with embedded wavelength-shifting fibers , clear-fiber optical cables , and multi-anode photomultiplier readout . A description of the detector design , test results from R & D studies , and construction phase are reported . The upgrade was installed late in 2004 , and a large amount of proton-antiproton collider data has been collected since then . Detector studies using those data are also discussed .
0706.3924	physics.atom-ph	Total quadruple photoionization cross section of Beryllium in a quasiclassical framework	In a quasiclassical framework , we formulate the quadruple ionization by single photon absorption of the Coulomb five-body problem . We present the quadruple photoionization total cross section of the ground state of Beryllium for energies up to 620 eV . Our quasiclassical results for energies close to threshold are in agreement with the Wannier threshold law for four electron escape . In addition , the agreement of our results with a shape formula provides support for the overall shape of our total quadruple cross section . Finally , we find that the photon energy where the maximum of the total photoionization cross section occurs for single , double , triple and quadruple photoionization of H , He , Li and Be , respectively , seems to follow a linear relation with the threshold energy for complete break-up of the respective element .
0706.3933	physics.chem-ph	Negative capacitance in organic semiconductor devices : bipolar injection and charge recombination mechanism	We report negative capacitance at low frequencies in organic semiconductor based diodes and show that it appears only under bipolar injection conditions . We account quantitatively for this phenomenon by the recombination current due to electron-hole annihilation . Simple addition of the recombination current to the well established model of space charge limited current in the presence of traps , yields excellent fits to the experimentally measured admittance data . The dependence of the extracted characteristic recombination time on the bias voltage is indicative of a recombination process which is mediated by localized traps .
0706.3945	physics.optics physics.atom-ph quant-ph	Slow light with integrated gain and large pulse delay	We demonstrate slow and stored light in Rb vapor with a combination of desirable features : minimal loss and distortion of the pulse shape , and large fractional delay ( > 10 ) . This behavior is enabled by : ( i ) a group index that can be controllably varied during light pulse propagation ; and ( ii ) controllable gain integrated into the medium to compensate for pulse loss . Any medium with the above two characteristics should be able to realize similarly high-performance slow light .
