0706.1365	physics.optics physics.class-ph	Surface-plasmon wave at the planar interface of a metal film and a structurally chiral medium	The solution of a boundary-value problem formulated for a modified Kretschmann configuration shows that a surface-plasmon wave can be excited at the planar interface of a sufficiently thin metal film and a nondissipative structurally chiral medium , provided the exciting plane wave is p-polarized . An estimate of the wavenumber of the surface-plasmon wave also emerges thereby .
0706.1368	physics.optics	Optical Characterization of Single Mode Components by new Medianfield-method	In this paper a new method for spotsize-measurement for singlemode optical components is presented . Based from the classical farfield-method where the measurements are made circular , the mounting of the used rotary stages and the long measurement time are great disadvantages . In this paper a new planar method is described which overcomes these problems . Based on the measurement of a singlemode fiber in accordance with ITU Recommendation G.652 the efficiency is demonstrated and discussed .
0706.1369	physics.optics	Visible Wavelength Division Multiplex System for use as a Instructional Lab System for Higher Education	The demand for high-speed digital communication such as data , video , and the broadband Internet increases , the required throughput of the modules in communications systems will also increase . In this paper we present an instruction system , which works on the basis of a wavelength division multiplex ( WDM ) system in the visible spectrum . It is specialised for the academic training at universities to demonstrate the principles of the WDM techniques . It works platform independent in combination with active modules in the training description , short inline videos and interactive diagrams . The system consists of LEDs in different wavelengths using analog and digital signals .
0706.1371	physics.comp-ph	Material decomposition mechanisms in femtosecond laser interactions with metals	A numerical hydrodynamic study of femtosecond laser ablation is presented . A detailed analysis of material decomposition is performed using a thermodynamically complete equation of state with separate stable and metastable phase states and phase boundaries . The lifetime of the metastable liquid state is estimated based on the classical theory of homogeneous nucleation . In addition , mechanical fragmentation of the target material is controlled based on available criteria . As a result , several ablation mechanisms are observed . A major fraction of the ablated material , however , is found to originate from the metastable liquid region , which is decomposed either thermally in the vicinity of the critical point into a liquid-gas mixture , or mechanically at high strain rate and negative pressure into liquid droplets and chunks . The calculation results explain available experimental findings .
