0705.4001	physics.atom-ph	Atomic electric dipole moments of He and Yb induced by nuclear Schiff moments	We have calculated the atomic electric dipole moments ( EDMs ) d of ^3He and ^ { 171 } Yb induced by their respective nuclear Schiff moments S. Our results are d ( He ) = 8.3x10^ { -5 } and d ( Yb ) = -1.9 in units 10^ { -17 } S/ ( e { fm } ^3 ) e cm . By considering the nuclear Schiff moments induced by the parity and time-reversal violating nucleon-nucleon interaction we find d ( ^ { 171 } Yb ) ~0.6d ( ^ { 199 } Hg ) . For ^3He the nuclear EDM coupled with the hyperfine interaction gives a larger atomic EDM than the Schiff moment . The result for ^3He is required for a neutron EDM experiment that is under development , where ^3He is used as a comagnetometer . We find that the EDM for He is orders of magnitude smaller than the neutron EDM . The result for Yb is needed for the planning and interpretation of experiments that have been proposed to measure the EDM of this atom .
0705.4019	physics.plasm-ph	Features of ion acceleration by circularly polarized laser pulses	The characteristics of a MeV ion source driven by superintense , ultrashort laser pulses with circular polarization are studied by means of particle-in-cell simulations . Predicted features include high efficiency , large ion density , low divergence and the possibility of femtosecond duration . A comparison with the case of linearly polarized pulses is made .
0705.4024	physics.comp-ph cond-mat.other physics.atom-ph	Ground state of the time-independent Gross-Pitaevskii equation	We present a suite of programs to determine the ground state of the time-independent Gross-Pitaevskii equation , used in the simulation of Bose-Einstein condensates . The calculation is based on the Optimal Damping Algorithm , ensuring a fast convergence to the true ground state . Versions are given for the one- , two- , and three-dimensional equation , using either a spectral method , well suited for harmonic trapping potentials , or a spatial grid .
0705.4026	physics.class-ph	Use of a differential pressure transducer for the monitoring of soil volume change in cyclic triaxial test on unsaturated soils	A new experimental set-up using a differential pressure transducer was developed , that enables the monitoring of volume changes in cyclic triaxial tests on unsaturated soils . Calibration tests were performed in order to analyze the performance of the set-up , especially in terms of loading frequencies . Based on calibration results , a low frequency of 0.05 Hz was adopted for the tests carried out on the unsaturated loess from northern France . Five water contents were considered in the tests . The obtained results have confirmed the efficiency of the new system for volume change monitoring under cyclic loading . The effect of water content on the cyclic behavior of loess was clearly evidenced . Finally , some suggestions were made to improve the accuracy of the system .
0705.4028	physics.optics physics.chem-ph	Photon Statistics for Single Molecule Non-Linear Spectroscopy	We consider the theory of the non-linear spectroscopy for a single molecule undergoing stochastic dynamics and interacting with a sequence of two laser pulses . General expressions for photon counting statistics are obtained , and an exact solution to the problem of the Kubo-Anderson process is found . In the limit of impulsive pulses the information on the photon statistics is contained in the molecule 's dipole correlation function . The selective limit where temporal resolution is maintained , the semi-classical approximation and the fast modulation limit exhibit general behaviors of this new type of spectroscopy . We show how the design of the external field leads to rich insights on dynamics of individual molecules which are different than those found for an ensemble .
0705.4040	physics.atom-ph	Many-body theory of excitation dynamics in an ultracold Rydberg gas	We develop a theoretical approach for the dynamics of Rydberg excitations in ultracold gases , with a realistically large number of atoms . We rely on the reduction of the single-atom Bloch equations to rate equations , which is possible under various experimentally relevant conditions . Here , we explicitly refer to a two-step excitation-scheme . We discuss the conditions under which our approach is valid by comparing the results with the solution of the exact quantum master equation for two interacting atoms . Concerning the emergence of an excitation blockade in a Rydberg gas , our results are in qualitative agreement with experiment . Possible sources of quantitative discrepancy are carefully examined . Based on the two-step excitation scheme , we predict the occurrence of an antiblockade effect and propose possible ways to detect this excitation enhancement experimentally in an optical lattice as well as in the gas phase .
0705.4041	physics.atom-ph	Influence of the lattice topography on a three-dimensional , controllable Brownian motor	We study the influence of the lattice topography and the coupling between motion in different directions , for a three-dimensional Brownian motor based on cold atoms in a double optical lattice . Due to controllable relative spatial phases between the lattices , our Brownian motor can induce drifts in arbitrary directions . Since the lattices couple the different directions , the relation between the phase shifts and the directionality of the induced drift is non trivial . Here is therefore this relation investigated experimentally by systematically varying the relative spatial phase in two dimensions , while monitoring the vertically induced drift and the temperature . A relative spatial phase range of 2pi x 2pi is covered . We show that a drift , controllable both in speed and direction , can be achieved , by varying the phase both parallel and perpendicular to the direction of the measured induced drift . The experimental results are qualitatively reproduced by numerical simulations of a simplified , classical model of the system .
0705.4071	physics.flu-dyn physics.gen-ph	A sufficient condition for Gaussian departure in turbulence	The interaction of two isotropic turbulent fields of equal integral scale but different kinetic energy generates the simplest kind of inhomogeneous turbulent field . In this paper we present a numerical experiment where two time decaying isotropic fields of kinetic energies $ E_1 $ and $ E_2 $ initially match over a narrow region . Within this region the kinetic energy varies as a hyperbolic tangent . The following temporal evolution produces a shearless mixing . The anisotropy and intermittency of velocity and velocity derivative statistics is observed . In particular the asymptotic behavior in time and as a function of the energy ratio $ E_1/E_2 \to \infty $ is discussed . This limit corresponds to the maximum observable turbulent energy gradient for a given $ E_1 $ and is obtained through the limit $ E_2 \to 0 $ . A field with $ E_1/E_2 \to \infty $ represents a mixing which could be observed near a surface subject to a very small velocity gradient separating two turbulent fields , one of which is nearly quiescent . In this condition the turbulent penetration is maximum and reaches a value equal to 1.2 times the nominal mixing layer width . The experiment shows that the presence of a turbulent energy gradient is sufficient for the appearance of intermittency and that during the mixing process the pressure transport is not negligible with respect to the turbulent velocity transport . These findings may open the way to the hypothesis that the presence of a gradient of turbulent energy is the minimal requirement for Gaussian departure in turbulence .
