0705.2850	physics.gen-ph	Boltzmann Entropy : Probability and Information	We have presented first an axiomatic derivation of Boltzmann entropy on the basis of two axioms consistent with two basic properties of thermodynamic entropy . We have then studied the relationship between Boltzmann entropy and information along with its physical significance .
0705.2872	physics.gen-ph	Cosmological Coincidence and Dark Mass Problems in Einstein Universe and Friedman Dust Universe with Einstein 's Lambda Quantum Cosmology Dark Energy Schroedinger Wave Motion	In this paper , it is shown that the cosmological model that was introduced in a sequence of three earlier papers under the title , A Dust Universe Solution to the Dark Energy Problem can be used to analyse and solve the Cosmological Coincidence Problem . The generic coincidence problem that appears in the original Einstein universe model is shown to arise from a misunderstanding about the magnitude of dark energy density and the epoch time governing the appearance of the integer relation between dark energy and normal energy density . The solution to the generic case then clearly points to the source of the time coincidence integer problem in the Friedman dust universe model . It is then possible to eliminate this coincidence by removing a degeneracy between different measurement epoch times . In this paper 's first appendix , a fundamental time dependent relation between dark mass and dark energy is derived with suggestions how this relation could explain cosmological voids and the clumping of dark mass to become visible matter . In this paper 's second appendix , it is shown that that dark energy is a conserved with time substance that is everywhere and for all time permeable to the dark mass and visible mass of which the contracting or expanding universe is composed . The last two appendices involve detailed studies of cosmology , quantum dark energy related issues . There are more detailed abstracts given with all four appendices .
0705.2881	physics.ao-ph physics.flu-dyn	Wind instability of a foam layer sandwiched between the atmosphere and the ocean	Wind shortwave instability of a foam layer between the atmosphere and the ocean is examined in order to reach greater understanding of the recent findings of the decrease in momentum transfer from hurricane winds to sea waves . The three-fluid configuration with the high contrasts in densities of the air , foam and water provides for an effective mechanism to stabilize the water surface .
0705.2890	physics.ao-ph physics.flu-dyn	Anisotropy and asymmetry in fully developed turbulence	Using experimental longitudinal and transverse velocities data for very high Reynolds number turbulence , we study both anisotropy and asymmetry of turbulence . These both seem to be related to small scale turbulent structures , and to intermittency . We may assume that the large scale velocity shear gives an impact into the small scale turbulence , resulting in non-locality , and related anomalous events .
0705.2894	physics.gen-ph	Heat transfer in sound propagation and attenuation through gas-liquid polyhedral foams	A cell method is developed , which takes into account the bubble geometry of polyhedral foams , and provides for the generalized Rayleigh-Plesset equation that contains the non-local in time term corresponding to heat relaxation . The Rayleigh-Plesset equation together with the equations of mass and momentum balances for an effective single-phase inviscid fluid yield a model for foam acoustics . The present calculations reconcile observed sound velocity and attenuation with those predicted using the assumption that thermal dissipation is the dominant damping mechanism in a range of foam expansions and sound excitation frequencies .
0705.2908	physics.gen-ph	Negative Matter , Repulsion Force , Dark Matter , Phantom and Theoretical Test -- -- Their Relations with Inflation Cosmos and Higgs Mechanism	First , dark matter is introduced . Next , the Dirac negative energy state is rediscussed . It is a negative matter with some new characteristics , which are mainly the gravitation each other , but the repulsion with all positive matter . Such the positive and negative matters are two regions of topological separation in general case , and the negative matter is invisible . It is the simplest candidate of dark matter , and can explain some characteristics of the dark matter and dark energy . Recent phantom on dark energy is namely a negative matter . We propose that in quantum fluctuations the positive matter and negative matter are created at the same time , and derive an inflation cosmos , which is created from nothing . The Higgs mechanism is possibly a product of positive and negative matter . Based on a basic axiom and the two foundational principles of the negative matter , we research its predictions and possible theoretical tests , in particular , the season effect . The negative matter should be a necessary development of Dirac theory . Finally , we propose the three basic laws of the negative matter . The existence of four matters on positive , opposite , and negative , negative-opposite particles will form the most perfect symmetrical world .
