0710.1134	physics.hist-ph	The History of the Particle Data Group at KEK in the 1970s	This submission has been withdrawn by arXiv admins because there was an erroneous author included in the original version .
0710.1166	physics.ins-det	Track Based Alignment of the ATLAS Silicon Detectors with the Robust Alignment Algorithm	The Robust Alignment algorithm for the ATLAS silicon detectors is presented . It is an iterative method based on centering residual and overlap residual distributions . Tests on simulated and real data are discussed .
0710.1205	physics.geo-ph physics.class-ph	Full Scale Dynamic Response of a RC Building under Weak Seismic Motions Using Earthquake Recordings , Ambient Vibrations and Modelling	In countries with a moderate seismic hazard , the classical methods developed for strong motion prone countries to estimate the seismic behaviour and subsequent vulnerability of existing buildings are often inadequate and not financially realistic . The main goals of this paper are to show how the modal analysis can contribute to the understanding of the seismic building response and the good relevancy of a modal model based on ambient vibrations for estimating the structural deformation under moderate earthquakes . We describe the application of an enhanced modal analysis technique ( Frequency Domain Decomposition ) to process ambient vibration recordings taken at the Grenoble City Hall building ( France ) . The frequencies of ambient vibrations are compared with those of weak earthquakes recorded by the French permanent accelerometric network ( RAP ) that was installed to monitor the building . The frequency variations of the building under moderate earthquakes are shown to be slight ( ~2 % ) and therefore ambient vibration frequencies are relevant over the elastic domain of the building . The modal parameters extracted from ambient vibrations are then used to determine the 1D lumped-mass model in order to reproduce the inter-storey drift under weak earthquakes and to fix a 3D numerical model that could be used for strong earthquakes . The correlation coefficients between data and synthetic motion are close to 80 % and 90 % in horizontal directions , for the 1D and 3D modelling , respectively .
0710.1209	physics.geo-ph	Crustal structure below Popocat\'epetl Volcano ( Mexico ) from analysis of Rayleigh waves	An array of ten broadband stations was installed on the Popocat\'epetl volcano ( Mexico ) for five months between October 2002 and February 2003 . 26 regional and teleseismic earthquakes were selected and filtered in the frequency time domain to extract the fundamental mode of the Rayleigh wave . The average dispersion curve was obtained in two steps . Firstly , phase velocities were measured in the period range [ 2-50 ] s from the phase difference between pairs of stations , using Wiener filtering . Secondly , the average dispersion curve was calculated by combining observations from all events in order to reduce diffraction effects . The inversion of the mean phase velocity yielded a crustal model for the volcano which is consistent with previous models of the Mexican Volcanic Belt . The overall crustal structure beneath Popocat\'epetl is therefore not different from the surrounding area , and the velocities in the lower crust are confirmed to be relatively low . Lateral variations of the structure were also investigated by dividing the network into four parts and by applying the same procedure to each sub-array . No well-defined anomalies appeared for the two sub-arrays for which it was possible to measure a dispersion curve . However , dispersion curves associated with individual events reveal important diffraction for 6 s to 12 s periods which could correspond to strong lateral variations at 5 to 10 km depth .
0710.1210	physics.geo-ph physics.class-ph	Dynamic parameters of structures extracted from ambient vibration measurements : an aid for the seismic vulnerability assessment of existing buildings in moderate seismic hazard regions	During the past two decades , the use of ambient vibrations for modal analysis of structures has increased as compared to the traditional techniques ( forced vibrations ) . The Frequency Domain Decomposition method is nowadays widely used in modal analysis because of its accuracy and simplicity . In this paper , we first present the physical meaning of the FDD method to estimate the modal parameters . We discuss then the process used for the evaluation of the building stiffness deduced from the modal shapes . The models considered here are 1D lumped-mass beams and especially the shear beam . The analytical solution of the equations of motion makes it possible to simulate the motion due to a weak to moderate earthquake and then the inter-storey drift knowing only the modal parameters ( modal model ) . This process is finally applied to a 9-storey reinforced concrete ( RC ) dwelling in Grenoble ( France ) . We successfully compared the building motion for an artificial ground motion deduced from the model estimated using ambient vibrations and recorded in the building . The stiffness of each storey and the inter-storey drift were also calculated .
0710.1218	physics.atm-clus physics.optics	Luminescence evidence for bulk and surface excitons in free xenon clusters	Cathodoluminescence spectra of free xenon clusters produced by condensation of xenon-argon gas mixtures in supersonic jets expanding into vacuum were studied . By varying initial experimental parameters , including xenon concentration , we could obtain clusters with a xenon core ( 300-3500 atoms ) covered by an argon outer shell as well as shell-free xenon clusters ( about 1500 atoms ) . The cluster size and temperature ( about 40 K for both cases ) were measured electronographically . Luminescence bands evidencing the existence of bulk and surface excitons were detected for shell-free xenon clusters . The emission from bulk excitons in small clusters is supposed to be due to processes of their multiple elastic reflections from the xenon-vacuum interface . A presence of an argon shell causes extinction of the excitonic bands . In addition , some new bands were found which have no analogs for bulk xenon cryosamples .
0710.1226	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph	NIR Femtosecond Control of Resonance-Mediated Generation of Coherent Broadband UV Emission	We use shaped near-infrared ( NIR ) pulses to control the generation of coherent broadband ultraviolet ( UV ) radiation in an atomic resonance-mediated ( 2+1 ) three-photon excitation . Experimental and theoretical results are presented for phase controlling the total emitted UV yield in atomic sodium ( Na ) . Based on our confirmed understanding , we present a new simple scheme for producing shaped femtosecond pulses in the UV/VUV spectral range using the control over atomic resonance-mediated generation of third ( or higher order ) harmonic .
0710.1242	physics.gen-ph	What Have Spacetime , Shape and Symmetry to Do with Thermodynamics ?	Some highly speculative and serendipitous ideas that might relate thermodynamics , spacetime , shape and symmetry are brought together . A hypothetical spacetime comprising a pointwise lattice with a fixed metric is considered . If there were absolute symmetry between displacement and time it is suggested that the velocity of light would be an integer conversion factor between the units of these quantities . In the context of such outlandish hypotheses the answer to the question posed would be 'everything ' .
0710.1272	physics.bio-ph physics.flu-dyn	Coupling Lattice Boltzmann with Atomistic Dynamics for the multiscale simulation of nano-biological flows	We describe a recent multiscale approach based on the concurrent coupling of constrained molecular dynamics for long biomolecules with a mesoscopic lattice Boltzmann treatment of solvent hydrodynamics . The multiscale approach is based on a simple scheme of exchange of space-time information between the atomistic and mesoscopic scales and is capable of describing self-consistent hydrodynamic effects on molecular motion at a computational cost which scales linearly with both solute size and solvent volume . For an application of our multiscale method , we consider the much studied problem of biopolymer translocation through nanopores : we find that the method reproduces with remarkable accuracy the statistical scaling behavior of the translocation process and provides valuable insight into the cooperative aspects of biopolymer and hydrodynamic motion .
0710.1274	physics.soc-ph physics.geo-ph	Gravity model in the Korean highway	We investigate the traffic flows of the Korean highway system , which contains both public and private transportation information . We find that the traffic flow T ( ij ) between city i and j forms a gravity model , the metaphor of physical gravity as described in Newton 's law of gravity , P ( i ) P ( j ) /r ( ij ) ^2 , where P ( i ) represents the population of city i and r ( ij ) the distance between cities i and j . It is also shown that the highway network has a heavy tail even though the road network is a rather uniform and homogeneous one . Compared to the highway network , air and public ground transportation establish inhomogeneous systems and have power-law behaviors .
0710.1284	physics.flu-dyn	Comment on `` Similarity analysis in magnetohydrodynamics : effects of Hall and ion-slip currents on free convection flow and mass transfer of a gas past a semi-infinite vertical plate , '' A.A. Megahed , S.R . Komy , A.A. Afify	Comment on Similarity analysis in magnetohydrodynamics : effects of Hall and ion-slip currents on free convection flow and mass transfer of a gas past a semi-infinite vertical plate , A.A. Megahed , S.R . Komy , A.A. Afify [ Acta Mechanica 151 , 185-194 ( 2001 ) ] In the above paper is investigated the boundary layer flow of an electrically conducting fluid over a vertical , stationary plate placed in a calm fluid . The effects of Hall and ion-slip currents are taken into account . The boundary layer equations are transformed into ordinary ones using a scaling group of transformations and subsequently are solved numerically . However , there are two fundamental errors in the above paper which are presented below .
0710.1314	physics.geo-ph	An exact solution to the temperature equation in a column of ice and bedrock	We construct a solution of a pure conduction problem in ice and bedrock . This solution is suitable for , and is used in this paper for , verifying a numerical scheme for conservation of energy . This exact solution forms one of a suite of verification tests for PISM ( Parallel Ice Sheet Model ; https : //gna.org/projects/pism/ ) .
0710.1317	physics.bio-ph physics.med-ph	Monitoring noise-resonant effects in cancer growth influenced by external fluctuations and periodic treatment	In the paper we investigate a mathematical model describing the growth of tumor in the presence of immune response of a host organism . The dynamics of tumor and immune cells is based on the generic Michaelis-Menten kinetics depicting interaction and competition between the tumor and the immune system . The appropriate phenomenological equation modeling cell-mediated immune surveillance against cancer is of the predator-prey form and exhibits bistability within a given choice of the immune response-related parameters . Under the influence of weak external fluctuations , the model may be analyzed in terms of a stochastic differential equation bearing the form of an overdamped Langevin-like dynamics in the external quasi-potential represented by a double well . We analyze properties of the system within the range of parameters for which the potential wells are of the same depth and when the additional perturbation , modeling a periodic treatment , is insufficient to overcome the barrier height and to cause cancer extinction . In this case the presence of a small amount of noise can positively enhance the treatment , driving the system to a state of tumor extinction . On the other hand , however , the same noise can give rise to return effects up to a stochastic resonance behavior . This observation provides a quantitative analysis of mechanisms responsible for optimization of periodic tumor therapy in the presence of spontaneous external noise . Studying the behavior of the extinction time as a function of the treatment frequency , we have also found the typical resonant activation effect : For a certain frequency of the treatment , there exists a minimum extinction time .
