0708.0611	physics.optics physics.atm-clus	Optical frequency comb generation from a monolithic microresonator	Optical frequency combs provide equidistant frequency markers in the infrared , visible and ultra-violet and can link an unknown optical frequency to a radio or microwave frequency reference . Since their inception frequency combs have triggered major advances in optical frequency metrology and precision measurements and in applications such as broadband laser-based gas sensing8 and molecular fingerprinting . Early work generated frequency combs by intra-cavity phase modulation while to date frequency combs are generated utilizing the comb-like mode structure of mode-locked lasers , whose repetition rate and carrier envelope phase can be stabilized . Here , we report an entirely novel approach in which equally spaced frequency markers are generated from a continuous wave ( CW ) pump laser of a known frequency interacting with the modes of a monolithic high-Q microresonator13 via the Kerr nonlinearity . The intrinsically broadband nature of parametric gain enables the generation of discrete comb modes over a 500 nm wide span ( ca . 70 THz ) around 1550 nm without relying on any external spectral broadening . Optical-heterodyne-based measurements reveal that cascaded parametric interactions give rise to an optical frequency comb , overcoming passive cavity dispersion . The uniformity of the mode spacing has been verified to within a relative experimental precision of 7.3*10 ( -18 ) .
0708.0612	physics.soc-ph	Emergence of synchronization induced by the interplay between two prisoner 's dilemma games with volunteering in small-world networks	We studied synchronization between prisoner 's dilemma games with voluntary participation in two Newman-Watts small-world networks . It was found that there are three kinds of synchronization : partial phase synchronization , total phase synchronization and complete synchronization , for varied coupling factors . Besides , two games can reach complete synchronization for the large enough coupling factor . We also discussed the effect of coupling factor on the amplitude of oscillation of $ cooperator $ density .
0708.0635	physics.atom-ph	Exact Results for Ionization of Model Atomic Systems	We present rigorous results for quantum systems with both bound and continuum states subjected to an arbitrary strength time-periodic field . We prove that the wave function takes the form of a sum of time-periodic resonant states with complex quasi-energies and dispersive part of the the solution given by a power series in t^ { -1/2 } . Generally , the imaginary part of each resonance is negative , leading to ionization of the atom , but we also give examples where the ionization rate is zero implying the existence of a time-periodic Floquet bound state . The complex quasi-energy has a convergent perturbation expansion for small field strengths .
0708.0654	physics.data-an cond-mat.stat-mech cs.IT cs.LG math-ph math.IT math.MP math.ST nlin.CD stat.TH	Structure or Noise ?	We show how rate-distortion theory provides a mechanism for automated theory building by naturally distinguishing between regularity and randomness . We start from the simple principle that model variables should , as much as possible , render the future and past conditionally independent . From this , we construct an objective function for model making whose extrema embody the trade-off between a model 's structural complexity and its predictive power . The solutions correspond to a hierarchy of models that , at each level of complexity , achieve optimal predictive power at minimal cost . In the limit of maximal prediction the resulting optimal model identifies a process 's intrinsic organization by extracting the underlying causal states . In this limit , the model 's complexity is given by the statistical complexity , which is known to be minimal for achieving maximum prediction . Examples show how theory building can profit from analyzing a process 's causal compressibility , which is reflected in the optimal models ' rate-distortion curve -- the process 's characteristic for optimally balancing structure and noise at different levels of representation .
