0711.2117	physics.class-ph	Fractional Stability	A fractional generalization of variations is used to define a stability of non-integer order . Fractional variational derivatives are suggested to describe the properties of dynamical systems at fractional perturbations . We formulate stability with respect to motion changes at fractional changes of variables . Note that dynamical systems , which are unstable `` in sense of Lyapunov '' , can be stable with respect to fractional variations .
0711.2126	physics.optics	Direct observation of higher-order whispering-gallery modes in VCSELs at room temperature by embedding a defect-free surface micro-structure	We propose and demonstrate a direct method to observe higher-order whispering-gallery modes in vertical cavity surface emitting lasers ( VCSELs ) at room temperature . Instead of introducing any defect mode , we show that suppression of lower-order cavity modes can be achieved by destroying vertical reflectors with a surface micro-structure . Up to the 23rd azimuthal order whispering-gallery mode confined laterally by the native oxide layers is observed in experiments through collecting near-field radiation patterns . Various vertical emission transverse modes are identified by the spectrum in experiments as well as numerical simulations .
0711.2149	physics.optics	Adaptive Finite Element Method for Simulation of Optical Nano Structures	We discuss realization , properties and performance of the adaptive finite element approach to the design of nano-photonic components . Central issues are the construction of vectorial finite elements and the embedding of bounded components into the unbounded and possibly heterogeneous exterior . We apply the finite element method to the optimization of the design of a hollow core photonic crystal fiber . Thereby we look at the convergence of the method and discuss automatic and adaptive grid refinement and the performance of higher order elements .
0711.2172	physics.optics	Finite Element simulation of radiation losses in photonic crystal fibers	In our work we focus on the accurate computation of light propagation in finite size photonic crystal structures with the finite element method ( FEM ) . We discuss how we utilize numerical concepts like high-order finite elements , transparent boundary conditions and goal-oriented error estimators for adaptive grid refinement in order to compute radiation leakage in photonic crystal fibers and waveguides . Due to the fast convergence of our method we can use it e.g . to optimize the design of photonic crystal structures with respect to geometrical parameters , to minimize radiation losses and to compute attenutation spectra for different geometries .
0711.2175	physics.flu-dyn	Transition in pipe flow : the saddle structure on the boundary of turbulence	The laminar-turbulent boundary S is the set separating initial conditions which relaminarise uneventfully from those which become turbulent . Phase space trajectories on this hypersurface in cylindrical pipe flow look to be chaotic and show recurring evidence of coherent structures . A general numerical technique is developed for recognising approaches to these structures and then for identifying the exact coherent solutions themselves . Numerical evidence is presented which suggests that trajectories on S are organised around only a few travelling waves and their heteroclinic connections . If the flow is suitably constrained to a subspace with a discrete rotational symmetry , it is possible to find locally-attracting travelling waves embedded within S. Four new types of travelling waves were found using this approach .
0711.2176	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Modelling Complex Networks : Cameo Graphs And Transport Processes	We discuss a model accounting for the creation and development of transport networks based on the Cameo principle which refers to the idea of distribution of resources , including land , water , minerals , fuel and wealth . We also give an outlook of the use of random walks as an effective tool for the investigation of network structures and its functional segmentation . In particular , we have studied the complex transport network of Venetian canals by means of random walks .
0711.2232	physics.optics physics.atom-ph	Electromagnetically induced transparency in two channels of a $ \Lambda $ system	We show two channel electromagnetically induced transparency ( EIT ) spectra at various optical power . The two channels are coupling field and probe field absorption . It is shown that EIT width and intensity increases linearly with pump power . A density matrix calculation is used to determine nature of EIT spectra induced by optical field . It has been observed that EIT occurs in cases when coupling laser is at fixed frequency while probe laser frequency is scanned , when coupling laser is frequency scanned and probe is at fixed frequency .
0711.2247	physics.optics physics.chem-ph	Power thresholds of morphology dependent induced thermal scattering in silica microresonators	Induced thermal scattering power thresholds have been calculated as a function of size and laser pump frequency . The thermal coupling coefficients of morphology dependent resonances were estimated by asymptotic methods . The resulting power threshold is comparable with experimental observations of thresholds of Raman lasing and thermal instability in spherical silica resonators . Applications may include the remote measurement of the temperature of aerosol droplets and the stabilization of microcavity lasers against thermal oscillations and temperature deviations on microcavity . A silica resonator can be used as an IR sensor , as well as an additional tool for precisely measuring the thermal conductivity and heat capacity of a target in a microsphere by calculating of the thermal shifts of eigenfrequencies in spectra of nonlinear scattering .
0711.2252	physics.optics physics.chem-ph	Asymptotic estimations of power thresholds and anti-Stokes frequency of laser induced thermal scattering in microresonators	A derivation of the asymptotic expressions for the threshold intensity of laser induced thermal scattering in silica microresonator when illuminated with a plane wave is present . The calculation of anti-Stokes thermal combination frequencies are made for the spherical high Q-factor microresonators . The three modes regime of nonlinear interaction is considered . One pump-driven , two signal modes , and one mode of temperature relaxation are taken into account , satisfying morphology-dependent input and output resonances . There are low power thresholds for laser induced thermal scattering at morphology dependent resonances .
0711.2283	physics.atm-clus physics.plasm-ph	Possible Coexistence of Antihydrogen with Hydrogen , Deuterium and Tritium Atoms	Recent productions of large numbers of cold antiprotons as well as the formation of antihydrogens at CERN and Fermilab have raised basic questions about possible coexistence of matter and antimatter in nature . In the present work , previous mathematical considerations are revisited which support the possible coexistence of Antihydrogen with Hydrogen , Deuterium and Tritium atoms . In particular , the main objective of the present work is to present computational treatments which confirm the possible formation of these quasi molecules in laboratory . These treatments are based on a nonadiabatic picture of the system in which generalized basis functions are adjusted within the framework of Rayleigh-Ritz ' variational method . Thus , it is ruled out in the present work the Born-Oppenheimer adiabatic picture of the system , which demands the existence of bound states composed of fixed quasi heavy atoms ( containing at least two baryons , e.g . protonium ( Pn ) , with mean lifetime 1.0x10^^-6 s ) and quasi light atoms ( composed of two leptons , e.g . positronium ( Ps ) , with mean lifetime 125x10^^-12 s for para-Ps and 142.05x10^^-9 s for ortho-Ps ) . Our calculations of the binding energies and internal structure of Antihydrogen-Hydrogen , Antihydrogen-Deuterium and Antihydrogen-Tritium show that these quasi molecules are bound and could be formed in nature . On the other hand , having in mind the adiabatic picture of the systems , our results suggest the possible formation of these molecules as resonant states in Antihydrogen-Atom interaction . Nevertheless , several arguments are accumulated in the conclusion as consequences of the proposed bound states .
0711.2284	physics.flu-dyn physics.comp-ph	Numerical simulations of possible finite time singularities in the incompressible Euler equations : comparison of numerical methods	The numerical simulation of the 3D incompressible Euler equation is analyzed with respect to different integration methods . The numerical schemes we considered include spectral methods with different strategies for dealiasing and two variants of finite difference methods . Based on this comparison , a Kida-Pelz like initial condition is integrated using adaptive mesh refinement and estimates on the necessary numerical resolution are given . This estimate is based on analyzing the scaling behavior similar to the procedure in critical phenomena and present simulations are put into perspective .
0711.2287	physics.atom-ph	Correlation diagrams in collisions of three identical particles	We discuss collision of three identical particles and derive scattering selection rules from initial to final states of the particles . We use either laboratory-frame , hyperspherical , or Jacobian coordinates depending on which one is best suited to describe three different configurations of the particles : ( 1 ) three free particles , ( 2 ) a quasi-bound trimer , or ( 3 ) a dimer and a free particle . We summarize quantum numbers conserved during the collision as well as quantum numbers that are appropriate for a given configuration but may change during the scattering process . The total symmetry of the system depends on these quantum numbers . Based on the selection rules , we construct correlation diagrams between different configurations before and after a collision . In particular , we describe a possible recombination of the system into one free particle and a dimer , which can be used , for example , to identify possible decay products of quasi-stationary three-body states
0711.2332	physics.optics	Generation of slow intense optical solitons in a resonance photonic crystal	We demonstrate interesting and previously unforeseen properties of a pair of gap solitons in a resonant photonic crystal which are predicted and explained in a physically transparent form using both analytical and numerical methods . The most important result is the fact that an oscillating gap soliton created by the presence of a localized population inversion inside the crystal can be manipulated by means of a proper choice of bit rate , phase and amplitude modulation . Developing this idea , we are able to obtain qualitatively different regimes of a resonant photonic crystal operation . In particular , a noteworthy observation is that both the delay time and amplitude difference must exceed a certain level to ensure effective control over the soliton dynamics .
