0709.0995	physics.flu-dyn	Inertial Screening in Sedimentation	We use particle image velocimetry to measure the sedimentation dynamics of a semi-dilute suspension of non-Brownian spheres at Reynolds numbers , $ 0.001\le Re\le 2.3 $ , extending from the Stokes to the moderately inertial regime . We find that the onset of inertial corrections to Stokes sedimentation occurs when the inertial screening length $ l=a/Re $ becomes similar to the Stokes sedimentation length $ \xi_0 $ , at $ Re_c= a/\xi_0\approx 0.05 $ . For $ Re > Re_c $ , inertial screening significantly reduces both the magnitude and spatial extent of the particle velocity fluctuations . A modified Hinch force balance model connects the fluctuation magnitudes $ \sigma_V/V $ to the correlation sizes $ \xi $ .
0709.1001	physics.plasm-ph physics.acc-ph	Tunable high-energy ion source via oblique laser pulse incidence on a double-layer target	The laser-driven acceleration of high quality proton beams from a double-layer target , comprised of a high-Z ion layer and a thin disk of hydrogen , is investigated with three-dimensional particle-in-cell simulations in the case of oblique incidence of a laser pulse . It is shown that the proton beam energy reaches its maximum at a certain incidence angle of the laser pulse , where it can be much greater than the energy at normal incidence . The proton beam propagates at some angle with respect to the target surface normal , as determined by the proton energy and the incidence angle .
0709.1004	physics.optics physics.ins-det	Measurement of focusing properties for high numerical aperture optics using an automated submicron beamprofiler	The focusing properties of three aspheric lenses with numerical aperture ( NA ) between 0.53 and 0.68 were directly measured using an interferometrically referenced scanning knife-edge beam profiler with sub-micron resolution . The results obtained for two of the three lenses tested were in agreement with paraxial gaussian beam theory . It was also found that the highest NA aspheric lens which was designed for 830nm was not diffraction limited at 633nm . This process was automated using motorized translation stages and provides a direct method for testing the design specifications of high numerical aperture optics .
0709.1067	physics.data-an	Wrong Priors	All priors are not created equal . There are right and there are wrong priors . That is the main conclusion of this contribution . I use , a cooked-up example designed to create drama , and a typical textbook example to show the pervasiveness of wrong priors in standard statistical practice .
0709.1070	physics.soc-ph	A Synthetical Weights ' Dynamic Mechanism for Weighted Networks	We propose a synthetical weights ' dynamic mechanism for weighted networks which takes into account the influences of strengths of nodes , weights of links and incoming new vertices . Strength/Weight preferential strategies are used in these weights ' dynamic mechanisms , which depict the evolving strategies of many real-world networks . We give insight analysis to the synthetical weights' dynamic mechanism and study how individual weights ' dynamic strategies interact and cooperate with each other in the networks ' evolving process . Power-law distributions of strength , degree and weight , nontrivial strength-degree correlation , clustering coefficients and assortativeness are found in the model with tunable parameters representing each model . Several homogenous functionalities of these independent weights ' dynamic strategy are generalized and their synergy are studied .
0709.1094	physics.ins-det	Response Uniformity of the ATLAS Liquid Argon Electromagnetic Calorimeter	The construction of the ATLAS electromagnetic liquid argon calorimeter modules is completed and all the modules are assembled and inserted in the cryostats . During the production period four barrel and three endcap modules were exposed to test beams in order to assess their performance , ascertain the production quality and reproducibility , and to scrutinize the complete energy reconstruction chain from the readout and calibration electronics to the signal and energy reconstruction . It was also possible to check the full Monte Carlo simulation of the calorimeter . The analysis of the uniformity , resolution and extraction of constant term is presented . Typical non-uniformities of 0.5 % and typical global constant terms of 0.6 % are measured for the barrel and end-cap modules .
0709.1100	physics.flu-dyn	Lagrangian Investigation of Auto-ignition in a Hydrogen Jet Flame in a Vitiated Co-flow : Animations of Particle Trajectories in Composition Space from PDF Model Calculations	PDF model calculations have been performed of the Cabra lifted hydrogen flame in a vitiated co-flow . Particle trajectories are extracted from the Lagrangian particle method used to solve the modeled PDF equation . The particle trajectories in the mixture fraction-temperature plane reveal ( at successive downstream locations ) : essentially inert mixing between the cold fuel jet and the hot co-flow ; the auto-ignition of very lean particles ; and , subsequent mixing and reaction , leading to near-equilibrium compositions . The purpose of this paper is to present animations of the particle trajectories obtained using different turbulent mixing models .
0709.1112	physics.optics nlin.PS	Rotating surface solitons	We introduce a novel type of surface waves that form at the edge of guiding structures consisting of several concentric rings . Such surface waves rotate steadily upon propagation and , in contrast to nonrotating waves , for high rotation frequencies they do not exhibit power thresholds for their existence . There exists an upper limit for the surface wave ro-tation frequency , which depends on the radius of the outer guiding ring and on its depth .
0709.1123	physics.comp-ph	Monte-Carlo simulation for fragment mass and kinetic energy distributions from neutron induced fission of 235U	The mass and kinetic energy distribution of nuclear fragments from thermal neutron induced fission of 235U have been studied using a Monte-Carlo simulation . Besides reproducing the pronounced broadening on the standard deviation of the final fragment kinetic energy distribution $ \sigma_ { e } ( m ) $ around the mass number m = 109 , our simulation also produces a second broadening around m = 125 , that is in agreement with the experimental data obtained by Belhafaf et al . These results are consequence of the characteristics of the neutron emission , the variation in the primary fragment mean kinetic energy and the yield as a function of the mass .
0709.1148	physics.flu-dyn physics.bio-ph	Surface tank-treading : propulsion of Purcell 's toroidal swimmer	In this work we address the `` smoking ring '' propulsion technique , originally proposed by E. M. Purcell . We first consider self-locomotion of a doughnut-shaped swimmer powered by surface tank-treading . Different modes of surface motion are assumed and propulsion velocity and swimming efficiency are determined . The swimmer is propelled against the direction of its outer surface motion , the inner surface having very little affect . The simplest swimming mode corresponding to constant angular velocity , can achieve propulsion speeds of up to 66 % of the surface tank-treading velocity and swimming efficiency of up to 13 % . Higher efficiency is possible for more complicated modes powered by twirling of extensible surface . A potential practical design of a swimmer motivated by Purcell 's idea is proposed and demonstrated numerically . Lastly , the explicit solution is found for a two-dimensional swimmer composed of two counter-rotating disks , using complex variable techniques .
0709.1183	physics.hist-ph physics.gen-ph	The Scientific Manuscripts left Unpublished by Ettore Majorana ( with outlines of his life and work )	We present a panoramic view of the main scientific manuscripts left unpublished by the brightest Italian theoretical physicist of the XX century , Ettore Majorana . We deal in particular : ( i ) with his very original `` study '' notes ( the so-called `` Volumetti '' ) , already published by us in English , in 2003 , c/o Kluwer Acad.Press , Dordrecht & Boston , and in the original Italian language , in 2006 , c/o Zanichelli pub. , Bologna , Italy ; and ( ii ) with a selection of his research notes ( the so-called `` Quaderni '' ) , that we shall publish c/o Springer , Berlin . We seize the present opportunity for setting forth also some suitable -scarcely known- information about Majorana 's life and work , on the basis of documents ( letters , testimonies , different documents ... ) discovered or collected by ourselves during the last decades . [ A finished , enlarged version of this paper will appear as the editors ' Preface , at the beginning of the coming book `` Ettore Majorana - Unpublished Research Notes on Theoretical Physics '' , edited by S.Esposito , E.Recami , A.van der Merwe and R.Battiston , to be printed by Springer verlag , Berlin ] .
