0710.0733	physics.atom-ph cond-mat.other	Total control over ultracold interactions via electric and magnetic fields	The scattering length is commonly used to characterize the strength of ultracold atomic interactions , since it is the leading parameter in the low-energy expansion of the scattering phase shift . Its value can be modified via a magnetic field , by using a Feshbach resonance . However , the effective range term , which is the second parameter in the phase shift expansion , determines the width of the resonance and gives rise to important properties of ultracold gases . Independent control over this parameter is not possible by using a magnetic field only . We demonstrate that a combination of magnetic and electric fields can be used to get independent control over both parameters , which leads to full control over elastic ultracold interactions .
0710.0742	physics.gen-ph	Principle of Minimum Distance in Space of States as New Principle in Quantum Physics	The mathematician Leonhard Euler ( 1707-1783 ) appears to have been a philosophical optimist having written : `` Since the fabric of universe is the most perfect and is the work of the most wise Creator , nothing whatsoever take place in this universe in which some relation of maximum or minimum does not appear . Wherefore , there is absolutely no doubt that every effect in universe can be explained as satisfactory from final causes themselves the aid of the method of Maxima and Minima , as can from the effective causes '' . Having in mind this kind of optimism , in the papers [ 1-16 ] we introduced and investigated the possibility to construct a predictive analytic theory of the elementary particle interaction based on the principle of minimum distance in the space of quantum states ( PMD-SQS ) . So , choosing the partial transition amplitudes as the system variational variables and the distance in the space of the quantum states as a measure of the system effectiveness , we obtained the results [ 1-16 ] . These results proved that the principle of minimum distance in space of quantum states ( PMD-SQS ) can be chosen as variational principle by which we can find the analytic expressions of the partial transition amplitudes . In this paper we present a description of hadron-hadron scattering via principle of minimum distance PMD-SQS when the distance in space of states is minimized with two directional constraints . Then by using the available experimental ( pion-nucleon and kaon-nucleon ) phase shifts we obtained not only consistent experimental tests of the PMD-SQS optimality , but also strong experimental evidences for new principles in hadronic physics such as : Principle of nonextensivity conjugation via the Riesz-Thorin relation ( 1/2p+1/2q=1 ) and a new Principle of limited uncertainty in nonextensive quantum physics .
0710.0747	physics.ins-det	Calibration of the mirror system in the HERA-B RICH	The mirror system of the HERA-B RICH consists of two spherical and two planar mirrors , composed of altogether 116 mirror segments . Analysis of displacements of the \v { C } erenkov ring center relative to the charged particle track , for given spherical-planar segment pairs , leads to accurate information regarding the orientation of individual mirror segments . The method is described and the effect of applying the required corrections on the \v { C } erenkov angle resolution of the HERA-B RICH is discussed .
0710.0778	physics.atom-ph	Study of lin||lin CPT for application in vapour cell atomic clocks	We evaluate the use of Coherent Population Trapping ( CPT ) excited with parallely polarized laser fields in vapour cell atomic clocks . We study the resonance shape , the discriminator slope and signal-to-noise ratio as a function of relevant parameters such as the laser frequency detuning and the applied magnetic field . We show that a stability of $ 6 \cdot 10^ { -12 } $ $ \tau^ { -1/2 } $ may be reached in a compact system using a modulated VCSEL .
0710.0787	physics.class-ph	Dynamics of Fractal Solids	We describe the fractal solid by a special continuous medium model . We propose to describe the fractal solid by a fractional continuous model , where all characteristics and fields are defined everywhere in the volume but they follow some generalized equations which are derived by using integrals of fractional order . The order of fractional integral can be equal to the fractal mass dimension of the solid . Fractional integrals are considered as an approximation of integrals on fractals . We suggest the approach to compute the moments of inertia for fractal solids . The dynamics of fractal solids are described by the usual Euler 's equations . The possible experimental test of the continuous medium model for fractal solids is considered .
0710.0914	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech physics.gen-ph	Dynamics of Vacillating Voters	We introduce the vacillating voter model in which each voter consults two neighbors to decide its state , and changes opinion if it disagrees with either neighbor . This irresolution leads to a global bias toward zero magnetization . In spatial dimension d > 1 , anti-coarsening arises in which the linear dimension L of minority domains grows as t^ { 1/ ( d+1 ) } . One consequence is that the time to reach consensus scales exponentially with the number of voters .
