0711.4666	physics.geo-ph astro-ph physics.ao-ph	The instability of counter-propagating kernel gravity waves in a constant shear flow	The mechanism describing the recently developed notion of kernel gravity waves ( KGWs ) is reviewed and such structures are employed to interpret the unstable dynamics of an example stratified plane parallel shear flow . This flow has constant vertical shear , is infinite in the vertical extent , and characterized by two density jumps of equal magnitude each decreasing successively with height , in which the jumps are located symmetrically away from the midplane of the system . We find that for a suitably defined bulk-Richardson number there exists a band of horizontal wavenumbers which exhibits normal-mode instability . The instability mechanism closely parallels the mechanism responsible for the instability seen in the problem of counter-propagating Rossby waves . In this problem the instability arises out of the interaction of counter-propagating gravity waves . We argue that the instability meets the Hayashi-Young criterion for wave instability . We also argue that the instability is the simplest one that can arise in a stratified atmosphere with constant shear flow . The counter propagating gravity waves mechanism detailed here explains why the Rayleigh criteria for shear flow instability in the unstratified case does not need to be satisfied in the stratified case . This illustrates how the Miles-Howard theorem may support destabilization through stratification . A normal mode analysis of a foamy layer consisting of two density jumps of unequal magnitude is also analyzed . The results are considered in terms of observations made of sea-hurricane interfaces .
0711.4667	physics.atom-ph	A magnetic lens for cold atoms controlled by a rf field	We report on a new type of magnetic lens that focuses atomic clouds using a static inhomogeneous magnetic field in combination with a radio-frequency field . The experimental study is performed with a cloud of cold cesium atoms . The rf field adiabatically deforms the magnetic potential of a coil and therefore changes its focusing properties . The focal length can be tuned precisely by changing the rf frequency value . Depending on the rf antenna position relative to the DC magnetic profile , the focal length of the atomic lens can be either decreased or increased by the rf field .
0711.4687	physics.med-ph cond-mat.stat-mech physics.bio-ph	A superstatistical model of metastasis and cancer survival	We introduce a superstatistical model for the progression statistics of malignant cancer cells . The metastatic cascade is modeled as a complex nonequilibrium system with several macroscopic pathways and inverse-chi-square distributed parameters of the underlying Poisson processes . The predictions of the model are in excellent agreement with observed survival time probability distributions of breast cancer patients .
0711.4694	physics.ins-det	A high resolution scintillating fiber tracker with SiPM readout for the PEBS experiment	Using thin scintillating fibers with Silicon Photomultiplier ( SiPM ) readout a mo dular high-resolution charged-particle tracking detector has been designed . The fiber modules consist of 2 x 5 layers of 128 round multiclad scintillating fiber s of 0.250mm diameter . The fibers are read out by four SiPM arrays ( 8mm x 1mm ) e ach on either end of the module .
0711.4718	physics.class-ph cond-mat.mtrl-sci	Increase of Thermal Resistance Between a Nanostructure and a Surface due to Phonon Multireflections	The thermal resistance between a nanostructure and a half-body is calculated in the framework of particle-phonons physics . The current models approximate the nanostructure as a thermal bath . We prove that the multireflections of heat carriers in the nanostructure significantly increase resistance in contradiction with former predictions . This increase depends on the shape of the nanostructure and the heat carriers mean free path only . We provide a general and simple expression for the contact resistance and examine the specific cases of nanowires and nanoparticles .
0711.4733	physics.gen-ph physics.class-ph quant-ph	A Coupled Oscillator Model for Grover 's Quantum Database Search Algorithm	Grover 's database search algorithm is the optimal algorithm for finding a desired object from an unsorted collection of items . Although it was discovered in the context of quantum computation , it is simple and versatile enough to be implemented using any physical system that allows superposition of states , and several proposals have been made in the literature . I study a mechanical realisation of the algorithm using coupled simple harmonic oscillators , and construct its physical model for the simplest case of four identical oscillators . The identification oracle is implemented as an elastic reflection of the desired oscillator , and the overrelaxation operation is realised as evolution of the system by half an oscillation period . I derive the equations of motion , and solve them both analytically and by computer simulation . I extend the ideal case analysis and explore the sensitivity of the algorithm to changes in the initial conditions , masses of springs and damping . The amplitude amplification provided by the algorithm enhances the energy of the desired oscillator , while running the algorithm backwards spreads out the energy of the perturbed oscillator among its partners . The former ( efficient focusing of energy into a specific oscillator ) can have interesting applications in processes that need crossing of an energy threshold for completion , and can be useful in nanotechnological devices and catalysis . The latter ( efficient redistribution of energy ) can be useful in processes requiring rapid dissipation of energy , such as shock-absorbers and vibrational shielding . I present some tentative proposals .
0711.4763	physics.comp-ph physics.atom-ph	Calculation of the Two-body T-matrix in Configuration Space	A spectral integral method ( IEM ) for solving the two-body Schroedinger equation in configuration space is generalized to the calculation of the corresponding T-matrix . It is found that the desirable features of the IEM , such as the economy of mesh-points for a given required accuracy , are carried over also to the solution of the T-matrix . However the algorithm is considerably more complex , because the T-matrix is a function of two variables r and r ' , rather than only one variable r , and has a slope discontinuity at r=r ' . For a simple exponential potential an accuracy of 7 significant figures is achieved , with the number N of Chebyshev support points in each partition equal to 17 . For a potential with a large repulsive core , such as the potential between two He atoms , the accuracy decreases to 4 significant figures , but is restored to 7 if N is increased to 65 .
0711.4768	physics.med-ph q-bio.NC	Tongue Liminary Threshold Identification to Electrotactile Stimulation	Many applications use electrostimulation of the human skin to provide tactile sensation . The effect of electrotactile stimulations were studied on a 6x6 matrix of tactile electrodes placed on the anterior part of the tongue . The liminary threshold with continuous or discontinuous waveform and patterns with 2 or 4 electrodes was investigated . The result suggest that for energy saving and to improve the yield , it would probably be better to use discontinuous stimulation with two electrode patterns .
0711.4793	physics.acc-ph	Open Cavity Solutions to the rf in Magnetic Field Problem	It has been observed \cite { break } that breakdown in an 805 MHz pill-box cavi ty occurs at much lower gradients as an external axial magnetic field is inc reased . This effect was not observed with on open iris cavity . It is propose d that this effect depends on the relative angles of the magnetic and maximu m electric fields : parallel in the pill-box case ; at an angle in the open ir is case . If so , using an open iris structure with solenoid coils in the iris es should perform even better . A lattice , using this principle , is presented , for use in 6D cooling for a Muon Collider . Experimental layouts to test th is principle are proposed .
0711.4814	physics.space-ph astro-ph.SR physics.geo-ph physics.plasm-ph	Solar cycle dependence of spatial correlation in the solar wind	We investigate the spatial correlation properties of the solar wind using simultaneous observations by the ACE and WIND spacecraft . We use mutual information as a nonlinear measure of correlation and compare this to linear correlation . We find that the correlation lengthscales of fluctuations in density and magnetic field magnitude vary strongly with the solar cycle , whereas correlation lengths of fluctuations in B field components do not . We find the correlation length of |B| ~ 120 Re at solar minimum and ~ 270 Re at maximum and the correlation length of density ~ 75 Re at minimum and ~ 170 Re at minimum . The components of the B field have correlation lengths ~ correlation length |B| at minimum .
0711.4846	physics.atom-ph	Collisional Control of Ground State Polar Molecules and Universal Dipolar Scattering	We explore the impact of the short range interaction on the scattering of ground state polar molecules , and study the transition from a weak to strong dipolar scattering over an experimentally reasonable range of energies and electric field values . In the strong dipolar limit , the scattering scales with respect to a dimensionless quantity defined by mass , induced dipole moment , and collision energy . The scaling has implications for all quantum mechanical dipolar scattering , and therefore this universal dipolar scaling provides estimates of scattering cross sections for any dipolar system .
