0712.2496	physics.flu-dyn	A single-time two-point closure based on fluid particle displacements	A new single-time two-point closure is proposed , in which the equation for the two-point correlation between the displacement of a fluid particle and the velocity allows one to estimate a Lagrangian timescale . This timescale is used to specify the nonlinear damping of triple correlations in the closure . A closed set of equations is obtained without ad hoc constants . Taking advantage of the analogy between particle displacements and scalar fluctuations in isotropic turbulence subjected to a mean scalar gradient , the model is numerically integrated . Results for the energy spectrum are in agreement with classical scaling predictions . An estimate for the Kolmogorov constant is obtained .
0712.2642	physics.class-ph	Three dimensional image correlation from X-Ray computed tomography of solid foam	A new methodology is proposed to estimate 3D displacement fields from pairs of images obtained from X-Ray Computed Micro Tomography ( XCMT ) . Contrary to local approaches , a global approach is followed herein that evaluates { \em continuous } displacement fields . Although any displacement basis could be considered , the procedure is specialized to finite element shape functions . The method is illustrated with the analysis of a compression test on a polypropylene solid foam ( independently studied in a companion paper ) . A good stability of the measured displacement field is obtained for cubic element sizes ranging from 16 voxels to 6 voxels .
0712.2643	physics.flu-dyn cs.CE	Changing Levels of Description in a Fluid Flow Simulation	We describe here our perception of complex systems , of how we feel the different layers of description are important part of a correct complex system simulation . We describe a rough models categorization between rules based and law based , of how these categories handled the levels of descriptions or scales . We then describe our fluid flow simulation , which combines different fineness of grain in a mixed approach of these categories . This simulation is built keeping in mind an ulterior use inside a more general aquatic ecosystem .
0712.2673	physics.optics	Defect-free surface states in modulated photonic lattices	We predict that interfaces of modulated photonic lattices can support a novel type of generic surface states . Such linear surface states appear in truncated but otherwise perfect ( defect-free ) lattices as a direct consequence of the periodic modulation of the lattice potential , without any embedded or nonlinearity-induced defects . This is in a sharp contrast to all previous studies , where surface states in linear or nonlinear lattices , such as Tamm or Shockley type surface states , are always associated with the presence of a certain type of structural or induced surface defect .
0712.2711	physics.soc-ph	Testbed for Wireless Vehicle Communication : a Simulation Approach based on Three-Phase Traffic Theory	A testbed for wireless vehicle communication based on a microscopic model in the framework of three-phase traffic theory is presented . In this testbed , vehicle motion in traffic flow and analyses of a vehicle communication channel access based on IEEE 802.11e mechanisms , radio propagation modeling , message reception characteristics as well as all other effects associated with ad-hoc networks are integrated into a three-phase traffic flow model . Based on simulations of this testbed , some statistical features of ad-hoc vehicle networks as well as the effect of C2C communication on increase in the efficiency and safety of traffic are studied .
0712.2716	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech physics.comp-ph	Community Structure in Graphs	Graph vertices are often organized into groups that seem to live fairly independently of the rest of the graph , with which they share but a few edges , whereas the relationships between group members are stronger , as shown by the large number of mutual connections . Such groups of vertices , or communities , can be considered as independent compartments of a graph . Detecting communities is of great importance in sociology , biology and computer science , disciplines where systems are often represented as graphs . The task is very hard , though , both conceptually , due to the ambiguity in the definition of community and in the discrimination of different partitions and practically , because algorithms must find `` good '' partitions among an exponentially large number of them . Other complications are represented by the possible occurrence of hierarchies , i.e . communities which are nested inside larger communities , and by the existence of overlaps between communities , due to the presence of nodes belonging to more groups . All these aspects are dealt with in some detail and many methods are described , from traditional approaches used in computer science and sociology to recent techniques developed mostly within statistical physics .
0712.2723	physics.gen-ph	Study Of The Fundamental Physical Principles in Atmospheric Modeling Based On Identification Of Atmosphere - Climate Control Factors : Bromine Explosion At The Polar Arctic Sunrise	We attempt is to provide accumulated evidence and qualitative understanding of the associated atmospheric phenomena of the Arctic bromine explosion and their role in the functioning of the biotic Earth . We rationalize the empirical expression of the bromine influx into atmospheric boundary layer and calculate total amounts of the tropospheric BrO and Bry of the Arctic origin . Based on the quantities and partitioning of the reactive bromine species , we estimate the biogeochemical parametric constraint on the surface ozone field of the springtime NH . The constraint expresses strong relationship between atmosphere-climate control factors of the Earth 's life and of external energy source . Physical atmosphere can be seen as a complex network of maximum complexity . Henceforth , we analyze the network context of the Arctic bromine pollution . We suggest that demonstrated attitudinal approach to the distributed surface flux would be successfully used in the innovative atmospheric modeling . The analysis is illustrated by GEM model results which stay in a good agreement with the observational data and support the original idea of the global NH effect of bromine chemistry .
0712.2727	physics.plasm-ph physics.chem-ph	Oxygen molecular plasma at ambient temperature and elevated or high pressure	Usually microscopic electrostatic field around ions is neglected when the ionization energy is concerned . The ionization energy is considered to be equal to that of a separate atom ( molecule ) . Here the energy of the electrostatic field around ions is taken into account . It is shown that the energy of this field contributes to decrease in the effective ionization energy . The effective ionization energy may turn to zero at some critical concentration of delocalized electrons . This leads to a complete ionization of the atoms ( molecules ) . Concrete calculations were performed for oxygen molecular gas .
0712.2732	physics.plasm-ph	Longitudinal Ion Acceleration from High-Intensity Laser Interactions with Underdense Plasma	Longitudinal ion acceleration from high-intensity ( I ~ 10^20 Wcm^-2 ) laser interactions with helium gas jet targets ( n_e ~ 0.04 n_c ) have been observed . The ion beam has a maximum energy for He^2+ of approximately 40 MeV and was directional along the laser propagation path , with the highest energy ions being collimated to a cone of less than 10 degrees . 2D particle-in-cell simulations have been used to investigate the acceleration mechanism . The time varying magnetic field associated with the fast electron current provides a contribution to the accelerating electric field as well as providing a collimating field for the ions . A strong correlation between the plasma density and the ion acceleration was found . A short plasma scale-length at the vacuum interface was observed to be beneficial for the maximum ion energies , but the collimation appears to be improved with longer scale-lengths due to enhanced magnetic fields in the ramp acceleration region .
0712.2739	physics.flu-dyn	Turbulent dynamics of pipe flow captured in a reduced model : puff relaminarisation and localised `edge ' states	Fully 3-dimensional computations of flow through a long pipe demand a huge number of degrees of freedom , making it very expensive to explore parameter space and difficult to isolate the structure of the underlying dynamics . We therefore introduce a `2+epsilon ' dimensional model of pipe flow which is a minimal 3-dimensionalisation of the axisymmetric case : only sinusoidal variation in azimuth plus azimuthal shifts are retained , yet the same dynamics familiar from experiments are found . In particular the model retains the subcritical dynamics of fully resolved pipe flow , capturing realistic localised `puff'-like structures which can decay abruptly after long times , as well as global `slug ' turbulence . Relaminarisation statistics of puffs reproduce the memoryless feature of pipe flow and indicate the existence of a Reynolds number about which lifetimes diverge rapidly , provided that the pipe is sufficiently long . Exponential divergence of the lifetime is prevalent in shorter periodic domains . In a short pipe , exact travelling-wave solutions are found nearby to flow trajectories on the boundary between laminar and turbulent flow . In a long pipe , the attracting state on the laminar-turbulent boundary is a localised structure which resembles a smoothened puff . This `edge ' state remains localised even for Reynolds numbers where the turbulent state is global .
0712.2750	physics.flu-dyn physics.class-ph	Influence of global rotation and Reynolds number on the large-scale features of a turbulent Taylor-Couette flow	We experimentally study the turbulent flow between two coaxial and independently rotating cylinders . We determined the scaling of the torque with Reynolds numbers at various angular velocity ratios ( Rotation numbers ) , and the behaviour of the wall shear stress when varying the Rotation number at high Reynolds numbers . We compare the curves with PIV analysis of the mean flow and show the peculiar role of perfect counterrotation for the emergence of organised large scale structures in the mean part of this very turbulent flow that appear in a smooth and continuous way : the transition resembles a supercritical bifurcation of the secondary mean flow .
0712.2752	physics.soc-ph	On Algebraic Graph Theory and the Dynamics of Innovation Networks	We investigate some of the properties and extensions of a dynamic innovation network model recently introduced in \citep { koenig07 : _effic_stabil_dynam_innov_networ } . In the model , the set of efficient graphs ranges , depending on the cost for maintaining a link , from the complete graph to the ( quasi- ) star , varying within a well defined class of graphs . However , the interplay between dynamics on the nodes and topology of the network leads to equilibrium networks which are typically not efficient and are characterized , as observed in empirical studies of R & D networks , by sparseness , presence of clusters and heterogeneity of degree . In this paper , we analyze the relation between the growth rate of the knowledge stock of the agents from R & D collaborations and the properties of the adjacency matrix associated with the network of collaborations . By means of computer simulations we further investigate how the equilibrium network is affected by increasing the evaluation time $ \tau $ over which agents evaluate whether to maintain a link or not . We show that only if $ \tau $ is long enough , efficient networks can be obtained by the selfish link formation process of agents , otherwise the equilibrium network is inefficient . This work should assist in building a theoretical framework of R & D networks from which policies can be derived that aim at fostering efficient innovation networks .
0712.2755	physics.class-ph	Directive Emission Obtained by Coordinate Transformation	We use coordinate transformation theory to realize substrates that can modify the emission of an embedded source . Simulation results show that with proper transformation functions the energy radiated by a source embedded in these space variant media will be concentrated in a narrow beam . The thickness of the slab achieved with our transformations will no longer be restricted by the evanescent modes and the source can be placed at any position along the boundary of the substrate without affecting the radiation pattern . We also discuss the case where reduced parameters are used , which still performs well and is physically realizable .
0712.2774	physics.plasm-ph physics.ao-ph physics.flu-dyn	Interaction of streamers in air and other oxygen-nitrogen mixtures	The interaction of streamers in nitrogen-oxygen mixtures such as air is studied . First , an efficient method for fully three-dimensional streamer simulations in multiprocessor machines is introduced . With its help , we find two competing mechanisms how two adjacent streamers can interact : through electrostatic repulsion and through attraction due to nonlocal photo-ionization . The non-intuitive effects of pressure and of the nitrogen-oxygen ratio are discussed . As photo-ionization is experimentally difficult to access , we finally suggest to measure it indirectly through streamer interactions .
0712.2779	physics.soc-ph	Modeling Evolving Innovation Networks	We develop a new framework for modeling innovation networks which evolve over time . The nodes in the network represent firms , whereas the directed links represent unilateral interactions between the firms . Both nodes and links evolve according to their own dynamics and on different time scales . The model assumes that firms produce knowledge based on the knowledge exchange with other firms , which involves both costs and benefits for the participating firms . In order to increase their knowledge production , firms follow different strategies to create and/or to delete links with other firms . Dependent on the information firms take into account for their decision , we find the emergence of different network structures . We analyze the conditions for the existence of these structures within a mathematical approach and underpin our findings by extensive computer simulations which show the evolution of the networks and their equilibrium state . In the discussion of the results , particular attention is given to the emergence of direct and indirect reciprocity in knowledge exchange , which refers to the emergence of cycles in the network structure . In order to motivate our modeling framework , in the first part of the chapter we give a broad overview of existing literature from economics and physics . This shows that our framework bridges and extends two different lines of research , namely the study of equilibrium networks with simple topologies and the dynamic approach of hypercycle models .
0712.2799	physics.class-ph	Spectral imbalance and the normalized dissipation rate of turbulence	The normalized turbulent dissipation rate $ C_\epsilon $ is studied in decaying and forced turbulence by direct numerical simulations , large-eddy simulations , and closure calculations . A large difference in the values of $ C_\epsilon $ is observed for the two types of turbulence . This difference is found at moderate Reynolds number , and it is shown that it persists at high Reynolds number , where the value of $ C_\epsilon $ becomes independent of the Reynolds number , but is still not unique . This difference can be explained by the influence of the nonlinear cascade time that introduces a spectral disequilibrium for statistically nonstationary turbulence . Phenomenological analysis yields simple analytical models that satisfactorily reproduce the numerical results . These simple spectral models also reproduce and explain the increase of $ C_\epsilon $ at low Reynolds number that is observed in the simulations .
0712.2801	physics.class-ph	Dynamics of spectrally truncated inviscid turbulence	The evolution of the turbulent energy spectrum for the inviscid spectrally truncated Euler equations is studied by closure calculations . The observed behavior is similar to the one found in direct numerical simulations [ Cichowlas , Bona\ '' ititi , Debbasch , and Brachet , Phys . Rev . Lett . 95 , 264502 ( 2005 ) ] . A Kolmogorov spectral range and an equipartition range are observed simultaneously . Between these two ranges a `` quasi-dissipative '' zone is present in the kinetic energy spectrum . The time evolution of the wave number that marks the beginning of the equipartition range is analyzed and it is shown that spectral nonlocal interactions are governing this evolution .
0712.2806	physics.ins-det	Development of CMOS monolithic pixel sensors with in-pixel correlated double sampling and fast readout for the ILC	This paper presents the design and results of detailed tests of a CMOS active pixel chip for charged particle detection with in-pixel charge storage for correlated double sampling and readout in rolling shutter mode at frequencies up to 25 MHz . This detector is developed in the framework of R & D for the Vertex Tracker for the International Linear Collider .
0712.2807	physics.optics	Statistical studies of random lasing modes and amplified spontaneous emission spikes in weakly scattering systems	We measured the ensemble-averaged spectral correlation functions and statistical distributions of spectral spacing and intensity for lasing modes in weakly scattering systems , and compared them to those of the amplified spontaneous emission spikes . Their dramatic differences illustrated the distinct physical mechanisms . Our numerical simulation revealed that even without reabsorption the number of potential lasing modes might be greatly reduced by local excitation of a weakly scattering system . The lasing modes could be drastically different from the quasimodes of the passive system due to selective amplification of the feedback from the scatterers within the local gain region .
0712.2848	physics.acc-ph	Vector electromagnetic theory of transition and diffraction radiation with application to the measurement of longitudinal bunch size	We have developed a novel method based on vector electromagnetic theory and Schellkunoff 's principles to calculate the spectral and angular distributions of transtion radiation ( TR ) and diffraction radiation ( DR ) produced by a charged particle interacting with an arbitrary target . The vector method predicts the polarization and spectral angular distributions of the radiation at an arbitrary distance form the source , i.e . in both the near and far fields , and in any direction of observation . The radiation fields of TR and DR calculated with the commonly used scalar Huygens model are shown to be limiting forms of those predicted by the vector theory and the regime of validity of the scalar theory is explicitly shown . Calculations of TR and DR done using the vector model are compared to results available in the literature for various limiting cases and for cases of more general interest . Our theory has important applications in the design of TR and DR diagnostics particularly those that utilize coherent TR or DR to infer the longitudinal bunch size and shape . A new technique to determine the bunch length using the angular distribution of coherent TR or DR is proposed .
0712.2874	physics.plasm-ph astro-ph	Weibel Instabilities in Dense Quantum Plasmas	The quantum effect on the Weibel instability in an unmagnetized plasma is presented . Our analysis shows that the quantum effect tends to stabilize the Weibel instability in the hydrodynamic regime , whereas it produces a new oscillatory instability in the kinetic regime . A novel effect the quantum damping , which is associated with the Landau damping , is disclosed . The new quantum Weibel instability may be responsible for the generation of non-stationary magnetic fields in compact astrophysical objects as well as in the forthcoming intense laser-solid density plasma experiments .
