0709.2406	physics.optics nlin.PS	All-Optical Switching with Transverse Optical Patterns	We demonstrate an all-optical switch that operates at ultra-low-light levels and exhibits several features necessary for use in optical switching networks . An input switching beam , wavelength $ \lambda $ , with an energy density of $ 10^ { -2 } $ photons per optical cross section [ $ \sigma=\lambda^2/ ( 2\pi ) $ ] changes the orientation of a two-spot pattern generated via parametric instability in warm rubidium vapor . The instability is induced with less than 1 mW of total pump power and generates several $ \mu $ Ws of output light . The switch is cascadable : the device output is capable of driving multiple inputs , and exhibits transistor-like signal-level restoration with both saturated and intermediate response regimes . Additionally , the system requires an input power proportional to the inverse of the response time , which suggests thermal dissipation does not necessarily limit the practicality of optical logic devices .
0709.2543	physics.ins-det	Calculation of Magnetic Field Noise from High-Permeability Magnetic Shields and Conducting Objects with Simple Geometry	High-permeability magnetic shields generate magnetic field noise that can limit the sensitivity of modern precision measurements . We show that calculations based on the fluctuation-dissipation theorem allow quantitative evaluation of magnetic field noise , either from current or magnetization fluctuations , inside enclosures made of high-permeability materials . Explicit analytical formulas for the noise are derived for a few axially symmetric geometries , which are compared with results of numerical finite element analysis . Comparison is made between noises caused by current and magnetization fluctuations inside a high-permeability shield and also between current-fluctuation-induced noises inside magnetic and non-magnetic conducting shells . A simple model is suggested to predict power-law decay of noise spectra beyond quasi-static regime . Our results can be used to assess noise from existing shields and to guide design of new shields for precision measurements .
0709.2575	physics.optics	Realization of a semiconductor-based cavity soliton laser	The realization of a cavity soliton laser using a vertical-cavity surface-emitting semiconductor gain structure coupled to an external cavity with a frequency-selective element is reported . All-optical control of bistable solitonic emission states representing small microlasers is demonstrated by injection of an external beam . The control scheme is phase-insensitive and hence expected to be robust for all-optical processing applications . The motility of these structures is also demonstrated .
0709.2576	physics.gen-ph	A Better Definition of the Kilogram	Fixing the value of Avogadro 's constant , the number of atoms in 12 grams of carbon-12 , at exactly 84446886^3 would imply that one gram is the mass of exactly 18x14074481^3 carbon-12 atoms . This new definition of the gram , and thereby also the kilogram , is precise , elegant and unchanging in time , unlike the current 118-year-old artifact kilogram in Paris and the proposed experimental definitions of the kilogram using man-made silicon spheres or the watt balance apparatus .
0709.2582	physics.ins-det	Intrinsic dissipation in cantilevers	We consider the effects of a velocity-independent friction force on cantilever damping . It is shown that this dissipation mechanism causes nonlinear effects in the cantilever vibrations . The size of the nonlinearity increases with decreasing cantilever velocity . Our analysis makes it possible to understand experiments [ Stipe et al , PRL 87 , 096801 ( 2001 ) ] where an amplitude dependence of the cantilever eigenfrequency and anomalous dissipation was observed only at small amplitudes .
0709.2585	physics.optics	Stimulated Globular Scattering of Laser Radiation in Photonic Crystals : Temperature Dependences	Stimulated globular scattering ( SGS ) characteristics ( frequency shifts , threshold , conversion efficiency ) have been studied in photonic crystals ( synthetic opal matrices and opal nanocomposites ) at different temperatures . Results have been compared with stimulated Raman scattering investigations in calcite single crystals . In both cases temperature lowering from +20 C to -196 C resulted in the stimulated scattering energy increase and its redistribution to the higher order components .
0709.2586	physics.plasm-ph	Generalized characteristics of the homogenous magneto hydrodynamical equations	With the help of the generalized characteristics ( GC ) of the first order partial differential equations ( PDE ) we calculate the differential equation system of characteristics of the homogenous magneto hydrodynamical equations ( MHD ) .
0709.2642	physics.geo-ph	Techniques , advances , problems and issues in numerical modelling of landslide hazard	Slope movements ( e.g . landslides ) are dynamic systems that are complex in time and space and closely linked to both inherited and current preparatory and triggering controls . It is not yet possible to assess in all cases conditions for failure , reactivation and rapid surges and successfully simulate their transient and multi-dimensional behaviour and development , although considerable progress has been made in isolating many of the key variables and elementary mechanisms and to include them in physically-based models for landslide hazard assessments . Therefore , the objective of this paper is to review the state-of-the-art in the understanding of landslide processes and to identify some pressing challenges for the development of our modelling capabilities in the forthcoming years for hazard assessment . This paper focuses on the special nature of slope movements and the difficulties related to simulating their complex time-dependent behaviour in mathematical , physically-based models . It analyses successively the research frontiers in the recognition of first-time failures ( pre-failure and failure stages ) , reactivation and the catastrophic transition to rapid gravitational processes ( post-failure stage ) . Subsequently , the paper discusses avenues to transfer local knowledge on landslide activity to landslide hazard forecasts on regional scales and ends with an outline how geomorphological investigations and supporting monitoring techniques could be applied to improve the theoretical concepts and the modelling performance of physically-based landslide models at different spatial and temporal scales .
0709.2647	physics.geo-ph	Rupture by damage accumulation in rocks	The deformation of rocks is associated with microcracks nucleation and propagation , i.e . damage . The accumulation of damage and its spatial localization lead to the creation of a macroscale discontinuity , so-called '' fault '' in geological terms , and to the failure of the material , i.e . a dramatic decrease of the mechanical properties as strength and modulus . The damage process can be studied both statically by direct observation of thin sections and dynamically by recording acoustic waves emitted by crack propagation ( acoustic emission ) . Here we first review such observations concerning geological objects over scales ranging from the laboratory sample scale ( dm ) to seismically active faults ( km ) , including cliffs and rock masses ( Dm , hm ) . These observations reveal complex patterns in both space ( fractal properties of damage structures as roughness and gouge ) , time ( clustering , particular trends when the failure approaches ) and energy domains ( power-law distributions of energy release bursts ) . We use a numerical model based on progressive damage within an elastic interaction framework which allows us to simulate these observations . This study shows that the failure in rocks can be the result of damage accumulation .
0709.2651	physics.geo-ph	Seismic precursory patterns before a cliff collapse and critical-point phenomena	We analyse the statistical pattern of seismicity before a 1-2 103 m3 chalk cliff collapse on the Normandie ocean shore , Western France . We show that a power law acceleration of seismicity rate and energy in both 40 Hz-1.5 kHz and 2 Hz-10kHz frequency range , is defined on 3 order of magnitude , within 2 hours from the collapse time . Simultaneously , the average size of the seismic events increases toward the time to failure . These in-situ results are derived from the only station located within one rupture length distance from the rock fall rupture plane . They mimic the `` critical point '' like behavior recovered from physical and numerical experiments before brittle failures and tertiary creep failures . Our analysis of this first seismic monitoring data of a cliff collapse suggests that the thermodynamic phase transition models for failure may apply for cliff collapse .
0709.2655	physics.atom-ph nucl-th	Hyperfine structure of the metastable 3P2 state of alkaline earth atoms as an accurate probe of nuclear magnetic octupole moments	Measuring the hyperfine structure ( HFS ) of long-lived $ ^3P_2 $ states of divalent atoms may offer the opportunity of extracting relatively unexplored nuclear magnetic octupole and electric hexadecapole moments . Here , using relativistic many-body methods of atomic structure and the nuclear shell model , we evaluate the effect of these higher nuclear moments on the hyperfine structure . We find that the sensitivity of HFS interval measurements in $ ^ { 87 } $ Sr needed to reveal the perturbation caused by the nuclear octupole moment is on the order of kHz . Results of similar analyses for $ ^ { 9 } $ Be , $ ^ { 25 } $ Mg , and $ ^ { 43 } $ Ca are also reported .
0709.2660	physics.optics	From Slow to Superluminal Propagation : Dispersive Properties of Surface Plasmon Polaritons in Linear Chains of Metallic Nanospheroids	We consider propagation of surface plasmon polaritons ( SPPs ) in linear periodic chains ( LPCs ) of prolate and oblate metallic spheroids . We show that the SPP group velocity can be efficiently controlled by varying the aspect ratio of the spheroids . For sufficiently small aspect ratios , a gap appears in the first Brillouin zone of the chain lattice in which propagating modes do not exist . depending on the SPP polarization , the gap extends to certain intervals of the Bloch wave number q . Thus , for transverse polarization , no propagating SPPs exist with wave numbers q such that q_c^\perp < | q | < \pi/h , h being the chain period . For longitudinally polarized SPPs , the gap spans the interval |q| < q_c^\parallel . Here q_c^\perp and q_c^\parallel are different constants which depend on the chain parameters , spheroid aspect ratio and its orientation with respect to the chain axis . The dependence of the dispersion curves on the spheroid aspect ratio leads to a number of interesting effects . In particular , bandwidth of SPPs that can propagate in an LPC can be substantially increased by utilizing prolate or oblate spheroids . When q is close to a critical value , so that |q - q_c^\perp| < < \pi/h or |q - q_c^\parallel| < < \pi/h , the decay length of the SPPs is dramatically increased . In addition , the dispersion curves acquire a very large positive or negative slope . This can be used to achieve superluminal group velocity for realistic chain parameters . We demonstrate superluminal propagation of Gaussian wave packets in numerical simulations . Both theory and simulations are based on Maxwell equations with account of retardation and , therefore , are fully relativistic .
0709.2678	physics.gen-ph physics.ins-det	S-Parameter Uncertainties in Network Analyzer Measurements with Application to Antenna Patterns	An analytical method was developed , to estimate uncertainties in full two-port Vector Network Analyzer measurements , using total differentials of S-parameters . System error uncertainties were also estimated from total differentials involving two triples of standards , in the Direct Through connection case . Standard load uncertainties and measurement inaccuracies were represented by independent differentials . Complex uncertainty in any quantity , differentiably dependent on S-parameters , is estimated by the corresponding Differential Error Region . Real uncertainties , rectangular and polar , are estimated by the orthogonal parallelogram and annular sector circumscribed about the Differential Error Region , respectively . From the user 's point of view , manufactures ' data may be used to set the independent differentials and apply the method . Demonstration results include : ( 1 ) System error differentials for Short , matching Load and Open pairs of opposite sex standards ; ( 2 ) System error uncertainties for VNA extended by two lengthy transmission lines of opposite sex end-connectors ; ( 3 ) High uncertainties in Z-parameters against frequency of an appropriately designed , DC resistive , T-Network ; ( 4 ) Moderate uncertainties in amplitude and phase patterns of a designed UHF radial discone antenna ( azimuthally rotated by a built positioner , under developed software control of a built hardware controller ) polarization coupled with a constructed gain standard antenna ( stationary ) into an anechoic chamber .
0709.2683	physics.ins-det	Test Stand Measurements for an ILC Polarimeter	The setup of two different small scale teststands for measurements regarding an electron Cherenkov detector as part of the ILC polarimeters is presented . Component measurements already carried out are analyzed and others , foreseen for the near future , are discussed . The larger one of the two teststands features the old Cherenkov detector of the SLD experiment , which will be used as a reference for a number of crucial measurements . Especially , the requirements for the non-linearity of the read-out chain are studied in greater detail and methods for its precise measurement before and during operation are being developed accordingly .
0709.2684	physics.bio-ph	Winner-take-all selection in a neural system with delayed feedback	We consider the effects of temporal delay in a neural feedback system with excitation and inhibition . The topology of our model system reflects the anatomy of the avian isthmic circuitry , a feedback structure found in all classes of vertebrates . We show that the system is capable of performing a `winner-take-all ' selection rule for certain combinations of excitatory and inhibitory feedback . In particular , we show that when the time delays are sufficiently large a system with local inhibition and global excitation can function as a `winner-take-all ' network and exhibit oscillatory dynamics . We demonstrate how the origin of the oscillations can be attributed to the finite delays through a linear stability analysis .
0709.2701	physics.data-an physics.gen-ph stat.AP	Extending the optimum interval method	The optimum interval method for finding an upper limit of a one-dimensionally distributed signal in the presence of an unknown background is extended to the case of high statistics . There is also some discussion of how the method can be extended to the multiple dimensional case .
0709.2738	physics.ed-ph	Impacts of real-time data collection on introductory algebra-based physics	Including real-time data collection technology is a common practice to upgrade physics labs , and the assumption is such technology improves student learning , yet little has been done to demonstrate the effects of technology . Specific activities have been shown to be enhanced by technology , but the effects on the class as a whole has been left unexplored . This paper investigates the effects of technology on two algebra based introductory physics classes . In this paper , we use FCI , MPEX , surveys , and ethnographies to document the improvement in learning as real-time data collection technology is incorporated into a modeling physics class . The two classes examined differed only in the inclusion of technology . The results found were significant . Students in the class with high technology were found to have learned more than students in the class with no technology . This paper explores the gains in learning and relates them directly to the addition of technology .
0709.2744	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Efficient generation of an isolated single-cycle attosecond pulse	A new method for efficiently generating an isolated single-cycle attosecond pulse is proposed . It is shown that the ultraviolet ( UV ) attosecond pulse can be utilized as a robust tool to control the dynamics of electron wave packets ( EWPs ) . By adding a UV attosecond pulse to an infrared ( IR ) few-cycle pulse at a proper time , only one return of the EWP to the parent ion is selected to effectively contribute to the harmonics , then an isolated two-cycle 130-as pulse with a bandwidth of 45 eV is obtained . After complementing the chirp , an isolated single-cycle attosecond pulse with a duration less than 100 as seems achievable . In addition , the contribution of the quantum trajectories can be selected by adjusting the delay between the IR and UV fields . Using this method , the harmonic and attosecond pulse yields are efficiently enhanced in contrast to the scheme [ G. Sansone { \it et al . } , Science { \bf314 } , 443 ( 2006 ) ] using a few-cycle IR pulse in combination with the polarization gating technique .
0709.2748	physics.pop-ph physics.optics	Super-resolution and non-diffraction longitudinal polarized beam	A method is presented for generation of a subwavelength ( 0.43 lambda ) longitudinally polarized beam , which propagates without divergence over lengths of about 4 lambda in free space . This is achieved by controlling the amplitude , phase and polarization property of the Bessel-Gaussian field on the aperture of a high numerical aperture focusing lens .
0709.2806	physics.ins-det	Absolute Momentum Calibration of the HARP TPC	In the HARP experiment the large-angle spectrometer is using a cylindrical TPC as main tracking and particle identification detector . The momentum scale of reconstructed tracks in the TPC is the most important systematic error for the majority of kinematic bins used for the HARP measurements of the double-differential production cross-section of charged pions in proton interactions on nuclear targets at large angle . The HARP TPC operated with a number of hardware shortfalls and operational mistakes . Thus it was important to control and characterize its momentum calibration . While it was not possible to enter a direct particle beam into the sensitive volume of the TPC to calibrate the detector , a set of physical processes and detector properties were exploited to achieve a precise calibration of the apparatus . In the following we recall the main issues concerning the momentum measurement in the HARP TPC , and describe the cross-checks made to validate the momentum scale . As a conclusion , this analysis demonstrates that the measurement of momentum is correct within the published precision of 3 % .
