0707.2850	physics.geo-ph physics.gen-ph physics.space-ph	Nuclear Georeactor Generation of Earth 's Geomagnetic Field	The purpose of this communication is to suggest that the mechanism for generating the geomagnetic field and the energy source for powering it are one and the same , a nuclear georeactor at the center of the Earth . Toward this end , I : i ) Present evidence that the nuclear georeactor fission-product sub-shell is fluid ; ii ) Suggest that the geomagnetic field is generated within the georeactor sub-shell , rather than within Earth 's iron-alloy fluid core ; iii ) Describe why convection appears more feasible within the georeactor sub-shell than within the iron-alloy core ; iv ) Disclose additional relative physical advantages for georeactor sub-shell dynamo operation ; and , v ) Outline briefly the research that should be conducted to advance the state of knowledge of georeactor-geomagnetic field generation . The concept of geomagnetic field production by the nuclear georeactor is presented specifically for the Earth . The concepts and principles , however , are generally applicable to planetary magnetic field production .
0707.2852	physics.plasm-ph	Electron fishbones : Theory and experimental evidence	We discuss the processes underlying the excitation of fishbone-like internal kink instabilities driven by supra-thermal electrons generated experimentally by different means : Electron Cyclotron Resonance Heating ( ECRH ) and by Lower Hybrid ( LH ) power injection . The peculiarity and interest of exciting these electron fishbones by ECRH only or by LH only is also analyzed . Not only the mode stability is explained , but also the transition between steady state nonlinear oscillations to bursting ( almost regular ) pulsations , as observed in FTU , is interpreted in terms of the LH power input . These results are directly relevant to the investigation of trapped alpha particle interactions with low-frequency MHD modes in burning plasmas : in fact , alpha particles in reactor relevant conditions are characterized by small dimensionless orbits , similarly to electrons ; the trapped particle bounce averaged dynamics , meanwhile , depends on energy and not mass .
0707.2858	physics.gen-ph	Spheroidal and elliptical galaxy radial velocity dispersion determined from Cosmological General Relativity	Radial velocity dispersion in spheroidal and elliptical galaxies , as a function of radial distance from the center of the galaxy , has been derived from Cosmological Special Relativity . For velocity dispersions in the outer regions of spherical galaxies , the dynamical mass calculated for a galaxy using Carmelian theory may be 10 to 100 times less than that calculated from standard Newtonian physics . This means there is no need to include halo dark matter . The velocity dispersion is found to be approximately constant across the galaxy after falling from an initial high value at the center .
0707.2876	physics.optics physics.ins-det	Shack-Hartmann sensor improvement using optical binning	We present a design improvement for a recently proposed type of Shack-Hartmann wavefront sensor that uses a cylindrical ( lenticular ) lenslet array . The improved sensor design uses optical binning and requires significantly fewer detector pixels than the corresponding conventional or cylindrical Shack-Hartmann sensor , and so detector readout noise causes less signal degradation . Additionally , detector readout time is significantly reduced , which reduces the latency for closed loop systems , and data processing requirements . We provide simple analytical noise considerations and Monte-Carlo simulations , and show that the optically binned Shack-Hartmann sensor can offer better performance than the conventional counterpart in most practical situations , and our design is particularly suited for use with astronomical adaptive optics systems .
0707.2900	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Zeptosecond $ \gamma $ -ray pulses	High-order harmonic generation ( HHG ) in the relativistic regime is employed to obtain zeptosecond pulses of $ \gamma $ -rays . The harmonics are generated from atomic systems in counterpropagating strong attosecond laser pulse trains of linear polarization . In this setup recollisions of the ionized electrons can be achieved in the highly relativistic regime via a reversal of the commonly deteriorating drift and without instability of the electron dynamics such as in a standing laser wave . As a result , coherent attosecond $ \gamma $ -rays in the 10 MeV energy range as well as coherent zeptosecond $ \gamma $ -ray pulses of MeV photon energy for time-resolved nuclear spectroscopy become feasible .
0707.2909	physics.bio-ph physics.soc-ph	Evolutionary dynamics and diversity in populations	The dynamics of populations is rich , taking into account that both , the individual 's actions and the population 's fitness are coupled . The way in which an individual chooses a strategy depends off course on the interaction with other individuals and the relation between selection and mutation within the population . The present model considers individuals with { \it memory } . This memory is represented by a device where information of past actions is stored as bits in a 1D Ising chain . The selection of a new individual action depends on the individual 's memory . If the selection of a strategy does not improve the individual 's fitness , a new individual with different memory size replaces it . Both , actions and memory are observables that characterize the population . They can change in time , and both depend on the fitness of the population . This model allows the implementation of { \it learning } parameters as well as an { \it external information source } , acting as an { \it external field } which drives individuals to select one preferred action . In particular we show that the { \it diversity } of the population , measured as a { \it Shannon 's diversity index } ( equivalent to a neg-entropy ) , is not only related to the { \it energy consumption and size } of the system , but is also related to the way in which the individuals are influenced by the { \it external field } .
0707.2930	physics.optics physics.atom-ph	Strong saturation absorption imaging of dense clouds of ultracold atoms	We report on a far above saturation absorption imaging technique to investigate the characteristics of dense packets of ultracold atoms . The transparency of the cloud is controlled by the incident light intensity as a result of the non-linear response of the atoms to the probe beam . We detail our experimental procedure to calibrate the imaging system for reliable quantitative measurements , and demonstrate the use of this technique to extract the profile and its spatial extent of an optically thick atomic cloud .
0707.2931	physics.flu-dyn	Fog and Dew Collection Projects in Croatia	The present paper discusses the fog and dew water collection in Croatia . Zavizan , the highest meteorological station in Croatia ( 1594m ) is chosen for collecting of fog water with a standard fog collector ( SFC ) . The highest daily collection rate was 27.8 L / m2 . The highest daily collection rate in days without rain was 19.1 l/m2 . Dew is also a noticeable source of water , especially during the drier summer season . Dew condensers in Croatia have been installed on the Adriatic coast ( Zadar ) and islands Vis and Bisevo . We report and discuss the data collected since 2003 . In the small Bisevo island , a special roof has been designed to improve the formation and collection of dew on a house . Data from April 2005 will be presented and discussed .
0707.2939	physics.soc-ph physics.comp-ph	The physics of randomness and regularities for languages ( lifetimes , family trees , and the second languages ) ; in terms of random matrices	The physics of randomness and regularities for languages ( mother tongues ) and their lifetimes and family trees and for the second languages are studied in terms of two opposite processes ; random multiplicative noise [ 1 ] , and fragmentation [ 2 ] , where the original model is given in the matrix format . We start with a random initial world , and come out with the regularities , which mimic various empirical data [ 3 ] for the present languages .
0707.2957	physics.gen-ph	Vacuum Fluctuations Can not Mimic a Cosmological Constant	When the vacuum fluctuation pressure is calculated directly from fundamental principles of quantum field theory , in the same manner as vacuum fluctuation energy density is commonly calculated , one finds it is not equal to the negative of the vacuum fluctuation energy density . Thus , vacuum fluctuations can not manifest as a cosmological constant of any order .
0707.2963	physics.atom-ph	Two-body transients in coupled atomic-molecular BECs	We discuss the dynamics of an atomic Bose-Einstein condensate when pairs of atoms are converted into molecules by single-color photoassociation . Three main regimes are found and it is shown that they can be understood on the basis of time-dependent two-body theory . In particular , the so-called rogue dissociation regime [ Phys . Rev . Lett. , 88 , 090403 ( 2002 ) ] , which has a density-dependent limit on the photoassociation rate , is identified with a transient regime of the two-atom dynamics exhibiting universal properties . Finally , we illustrate how these regimes could be explored by photoassociating condensates of alkaline-earth atoms .
0707.2987	physics.gen-ph gr-qc	On the Significance of the Weyl Curvature in a Relativistic Cosmological Model	The Weyl curvature includes the Newtonian field and an additional field , the so-called anti-Newtonian . In this paper , we use the Bianchi and Ricci identities to provide a set of constraints and propagations for the Weyl fields . The temporal evolutions of propagations manifest explicit solutions of gravitational waves . We see models with purely Newtonian field are inconsistent with relativistic models and obstruct sounding solutions . Therefore , both fields are necessary for the nonlocal nature and radiative solutions of gravitation .
