0707.1758	physics.ins-det	Track Reconstruction and Performance of DRIFT Directional Dark Matter Detectors using Alpha Particles	First results are presented from an analysis of data from the DRIFT-IIa and DRIFT-IIb directional dark matter detectors at Boulby Mine in which alpha particle tracks were reconstructed and used to characterise detector performance -- an important step towards optimising directional technology . The drift velocity in DRIFT-IIa was [ 59.3 +/- 0.2 ( stat ) +/- 7.5 ( sys ) ] m/s based on an analysis of naturally-occurring alpha-emitting background . The drift velocity in DRIFT-IIb was [ 57 +/- 1 ( stat ) +/- 3 ( sys ) ] m/s determined by the analysis of alpha particle tracks from a Po-210 source . 3D range reconstruction and energy spectra were used to identify alpha particles from the decay of Rn-222 , Po-218 , Rn-220 and Po-216 . This study found that ( 22 +/- 2 ) % of Po-218 progeny ( from Rn-222 decay ) are produced with no net charge in 40 Torr CS2 . For Po-216 progeny ( from Rn-220 decay ) the uncharged fraction is ( 100 +0 -35 ) % .
0707.1762	physics.soc-ph math.DS nlin.AO	Continuous Opinion Dynamics under Bounded Confidence : A Survey	Models of continuous opinion dynamics under bounded confidence have been presented independently by Krause and Hegselmann and by Deffuant et al in 2000 . They have raised a fair amount of attention in the communities of social simulation , sociophysics and complexity science . The researchers working on it come from disciplines as physics , mathematics , computer science , social psychology and philosophy . Agents hold continuous opinions which they can gradually adjust if they hear the opinions of others . The idea of bounded confidence is that agents only interact if they are close in opinion to each other . Usually , the models are analyzed with agent-based simulations in a Monte-Carlo style , but they can also be reformulated on the agent 's density in the opinion space in a master-equation style . This paper is to present the agent-based and density-based modeling frameworks including the cases of multidimensional opinions and heterogeneous bounds of confidence ; second , to give the bifurcation diagrams of cluster configuration in the homogeneous model with uniformly distributed initial opinions ; third to review the several extensions and the evolving phenomena which have been studied so far ; and fourth to state some basic open questions .
0707.1763	physics.gen-ph	The two dimensional spin and its resonance fringe	Violation of Bell 's Inequalities gives experimental evidence for the existence of a spin 1/2 which has two simultaneous axes of spin quantization rather than one . These couple to form a resonance state , called the spin fringe , and this quantum effect is solely responsible for violation of Bell's Inequalities within this model . The Bell states can be represented by products of these spin states and leads to the intuitive concept that as entangled states decompose they form biparticles that are not entangled . In EPR coincidence experiments filter settings for both the Bell and CHSH forms of Bell 's Inequalities are rationalized in terms of the correlation between biparticles .
0707.1775	physics.flu-dyn physics.class-ph physics.geo-ph	On the Rayleigh theorem for inflectional velocity instability of inviscid flows	It is exactly proved that the classical Rayleigh Theorem on inflectional velocity instability is wrong which states that the necessary condition for instability of inviscid flow is the existence of an inflection point on the velocity profile . It is shown that the disturbance amplified in 2D inviscid flows is necessarily 3D . After the break down of T-S wave in 2D parallel flows , the disturbance becomes a type of spiral waves which proceed along the streamwise direction . This is just the origin of formation of streamwise vortices .
0707.1798	physics.flu-dyn	Density-PDFs and Lagrangian Statistics of highly compressible Turbulence	We report on probability-density-functions ( PDF ) of the mass density in numerical simulations of highly compressible hydrodynamic flows and the corresponding structure formation of Lagrangian particles advected by the flows . Numerical simulations were performed with $ 512^3 $ collocation points and 2 million tracer particles integrated over several dynamical times . We propose a connection between the PDF of the Lagrangian tracer particles and the predicted log-normal distribution of the density fluctuations in isothermal systems .
0707.1811	physics.geo-ph	Caract\'erisation \'electromagn\'etique de milieux h\'et\'erog\`enes naturels - Application \`a la mesure de l'humidit\'e du sol par radiom\'etrie micro-onde	The work which we present takes place within the framework of mission SMOS of the ESA which will consist to send a radiometer ( 1.4 GHz ) in space . The goal of the research which we propose is the improvement of the comprehension of the effects of structure soil and litter . The effects of the litter and heterogeneities of the ground are probably important but still are very ignored . So we developed an experimental approach in laboratory and in situ . That makes it possible to take measurements for various configurations ( frequency , temporal , polarization , incidence , Bi-statics , Brewster effect ... ) and in term of surface conditions ( homogeneous or heterogeneous ground , more or less wet , presence of litter ... ) . Measurements at the laboratory with waveguide enabled us to characterize the various components of the geological structure ( ground , rocks ) and to check the model of Dobson usually used .
0707.1813	physics.geo-ph	Caracterisation Electromagnetique De Materiaux Geologiques En Vue Du Suivi De L'Humidite Des Sols Par Radiometrie Micro-Ondes	The work which we present takes place within the framework of mission SMOS of the ESA which will consist to send a radiometer ( 1.4 GHz ) in space . The goal of the research which we propose is the improvement of the comprehension of the effects of structures composed of soil and litter . The effects of the litter and heterogeneities of the ground are probably important but still ignored . The objective of this work was to study the dielectric properties of a type of litter and ground in order to integrate these values into an analytical multi layers model of soil . The objective is to characterize the effects of this layer on the total multi layer system . This will make possible to lead to a simple analytical formulation of a model of litter which can be integrated into the calculation algorithm of SMOS in order to collect information on moisture starting from measurements of emissivity
0707.1815	physics.geo-ph	Etude D'Un Modele D'Inversion Liant L'Emissivite a L'Humidite Des Sols . Contribution a la Mise Au Point De L'Algorithme De la Mission Smos	The work which we present takes place within the framework of mission SMOS of the ESA which will consist to send a radiometer ( 1.4 GHz ) in space . The goal of the research which we propose is the improvement of the comprehension of the effects of structure soil and litter . The effects of the litter and heterogeneities of the ground are probably important but still ignored . Its effect can be corrected via a simple radiative model . It is thus necessary to set up an analytical model which would make it possible to correct the effect of this additional layer . The objective of this article is to present the analytical models which we retained to correct the effect of the vegetation and the litter in order to know the emissivity of the bare soil . We developed a numerical model ( with software HFSS ) of calculation of the emissivity of multi-layer systems in order to validate the results of the forward inversion models . Ranges of permittivity are introduced with the model in order to take account of the disturbances related to measurement and the variation of the water content of the layers .
0707.1823	physics.geo-ph	Lband radiometric behaviour of pine forests for a variety of surface moisture conditions	From July-December 2004 the experimental campaign 'Bray 2004 ' was conducted in the coniferous forest of Les Landes near Bordeaux , France , using a multi-angle L-band ( 1.4 GHz ) radiometer to measure upwelling radiation above the forest . At the same time , ground measurements were taken of soil and litter moisture content . This experiment was done in the context of the upcoming SMOS mission in order to improve our understanding of the behaviour of the L-band signal above forested areas . Very little information exists on this subject at the moment , especially for varying hydrological conditions . Furthermore , additional measurements were done at the University of Bordeaux ( PIOM laboratory ) to determine the dielectric behaviour of a litter layer such as that found at the Bray site . There is some evidence that this layer may have a different influence on the L-band signal than either the soil or the vegetation , however the exact behaviour of the litter layer and the extent of its influence on the L-band signal are as yet unknown . This paper presents 1 ) results of the Bray experiment describing the behaviour of the above-canopy L-band emissivity for different conditions of ground moisture and 2 ) the relationship between soil and litter moisture content and results of the laboratory experiments on litter dielectric properties . Together this will give a first insight into the L-band radiometric properties of the different forest layers for varying hydrological conditions .
0707.1832	physics.chem-ph	Rotational cooling efficiency upon molecular ionization : the case of Li $ _2 ( a^3\Sigma_u^+ ) $ and Li $ _2^+ ( X^2\Sigma_g^+ ) $ interacting with $ ^4 $ He	The low-temperature ( up to about 100K ) collisional ( de ) excitation cross sections are computed using the full coupled-channel ( CC ) quantum dynamics for both Li $ _2 $ and Li $ _2^+ $ molecular targets in collision with $ ^4 $ He . The interaction forces are obtained from fairly accurate { \it ab initio } calculations and the corresponding pseudo-rates are also computed . The results show surprising similarities between sizes of inelastic flux distributions within final states in both systems and the findings are connected with the structural change in the molecular rotor features when the neutral species is replaced by its ionic counterpart .
0707.1864	physics.optics	Normal mode coupling and Bloch states in elliptically birefringent 1D photonic crystals	An analysis is presented of frequency versus wave-vector dispersion in elliptically birefringent one-dimensional layered periodic structures . The presence of local normal mode polarization state variations from one layer to the next is found to lead to mode coupling and to affect the wave-vector dispersion and the character of the Bloch states of the system .
0707.1910	physics.optics cond-mat.other physics.flu-dyn	Dispersive , superfluid-like shock waves in nonlinear optics	In most classical fluids , shock waves are strongly dissipative , their energy being quickly lost through viscous damping . But in systems such as cold plasmas , superfluids , and Bose-Einstein condensates , where viscosity is negligible or non-existent , a fundamentally different type of shock wave can emerge whose behaviour is dominated by dispersion rather than dissipation . Dispersive shock waves are difficult to study experimentally , and analytical solutions to the equations that govern them have only been found in one dimension ( 1D ) . By exploiting a well-known , but little appreciated , correspondence between the behaviour of superfluids and nonlinear optical materials , we demonstrate an all-optical experimental platform for studying the dynamics of dispersive shock waves . This enables us to observe the propagation and nonlinear response of dispersive shock waves , including the interaction of colliding shock waves , in 1D and 2D . Our system offers a versatile and more accessible means for exploring superfluid-like and related dispersive phenomena .
0707.1911	physics.optics nlin.PS physics.flu-dyn	Dispersive shock waves with nonlocal nonlinearity	We consider dispersive optical shock waves in nonlocal nonlinear media . Experiments are performed using spatial beams in a thermal liquid cell , and results agree with a hydrodynamic theory of propagation .
0707.1916	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Lattice with a Twist : Helical Waveguides for Ultracold Matter	We investigate the waveguiding properties of the optical interference pattern of two counter-propagating Laguerre-Gaussian beams . The number , helicity , radius , pitch , depth and frequencies of transverse confinement of the waveguides are simply related to the beam parameters . Quantitative connections to the familiar Gaussian optical lattice are made and an application to quantum transport is suggested .
