0704.3779	physics.gen-ph	Emergent gravity from direct-action EM in a toy universe of electrons and positrons	We sketch the derivation of a Newtonian gravity-like force emerging from a direct-action variant of classical electromagnetism . The binding energy is a consequence of maximal phase correlation of the sources mediated by approximately monochromatic direct-action fields . The resulting force then has the character of a strong version of the van der Waals force , whose superior strength can be attributed to relatively coherent primary fields ( compared with the totally incoherent effects of the ZPF ) . The model also predicts the existence of a background having some of the character of dark energy .
0704.3887	physics.chem-ph physics.comp-ph	On the accurate evaluation of overlap integrals over Slater type orbitals using analytical and recurrence relations	In this study , using the analytical and recurrence relations suggested by the authors in previous works , the new efficient and reliable program procedure for the overlap integrals over Slater type orbitals ( STOs ) is presented . The proposed procedure guarantees a highly accurate evaluation of the overlap integrals with arbitrary values of quantum numbers , screening constants and internuclear distances . It is demonstrated that the computational accuracy of the proposed procedure is not only dependent on the efficiency of formulas , as has been discussed previously , but also on a number of other factors including the used program language package and solvent properties . The numerical results obtained using the algorithm described in the present work are in a complete agreement with those obtained using the alternative evaluation procedure . We notice that the program works without any restrictions and in all range of integral parameters .
0704.3933	physics.chem-ph	Testing entropy production hypotheses in non-linear steady states	In the last few decades , some hypotheses for entropy production ( EP ) principles have been forwarded as possible candidates for organizational principles in non-linear non- equilibrium systems . Two important hypotheses will be studied : the maximum entropy production ( MaxEP ) principle that claims that the selected steady state has the highest EP , and the gradient response principle that claims that the EP of the selected steady state ( maximally ) increases when the external thermodynamic driving force increases . We will formulate these hypotheses more rigorously and present a simple chemical reaction model to test these hypotheses . With the help of this model , we will clearly demonstrate that there are different MaxEP hypotheses being discussed in the literature and we will look at some parts in the literature where these differences are not always clarified . Furthermore , our chemical model will be a general counter example to all of these MaxEP and gradient response hypotheses .
0704.3955	physics.atom-ph	Characterisation of a three-dimensional Brownian motor in optical lattices	We present here a detailed study of the behaviour of a three dimensional Brownian motor based on cold atoms in a double optical lattice [ P. Sjolund et al. , Phys . Rev . Lett . 96 , 190602 ( 2006 ) ] . This includes both experiments and numerical simulations of a Brownian particle . The potentials used are spatially and temporally symmetric , but combined spatiotemporal symmetry is broken by phase shifts and asymmetric transfer rates between potentials . The diffusion of atoms in the optical lattices is rectified and controlled both in direction and speed along three dimensions . We explore a large range of experimental parameters , where irradiances and detunings of the optical lattice lights are varied within the dissipative regime . Induced drift velocities in the order of one atomic recoil velocity have been achieved .
0704.3957	physics.gen-ph q-bio.MN	Erwin Schroedinger , Francis Crick and epigenetic stability	Schroedinger 's book 'What is Life ? ' is widely credited for having played a crucial role in development of molecular and cellular biology . My essay revisits the issues raised by this book from the modern perspective of epigenetics and systems biology . I contrast two classes of potential mechanisms of epigenetic stability : 'epigenetic templating ' and 'systems biology' approaches , and consider them from the point of view expressed by Schroedinger . I also discuss how quantum entanglement , a nonclassical feature of quantum mechanics , can help to address the 'problem of small numbers ' that lead Schroedinger to promote the idea of molecular code-script for explanation of stability of biological order .
0704.3966	physics.hist-ph hep-ph nucl-th	Dick Dalitz : Examples of His Contributions to Particle Physics	Dick Dalitz produced lasting contributions to particle physics for 50 years . Along with Dalitz pairs , Dalitz plots and CDD poles , he did major work in parity violation , hyperon resonance identification , the quark model , and hypernuclei . These topics will be summarized , with some emphasis on the author 's collaboration with Dalitz on quark spin and fragmentation correlations , and , particularly , the work on the identification of the top quark and its mass . Short biographical information is interspersed . This paper is based on a presentation at the International School of Subnuclear Physics , Erice 2006 .
0704.3982	physics.optics physics.class-ph	Takagi-Taupin Description of X-ray Dynamical Diffraction from Diffractive Optics with Large Numerical Aperture	We present a formalism of x-ray dynamical diffraction from volume diffractive optics with large numerical aperture and high aspect ratio , in an analogy to the Takagi-Taupin equations for strained single crystals . We derive a set of basic equations for dynamical diffraction from volume diffractive optics , which enable us to study the focusing property of these optics with various grating profiles . We study volume diffractive optics that satisfy the Bragg condition to various degrees , namely flat , tilted and wedged geometries , and derive the curved geometries required for ultimate focusing . We show that the curved geometries satisfy the Bragg condition everywhere and phase requirement for point focusing , and effectively focus hard x-rays to a scale close to the wavelength .
0704.3990	physics.class-ph	On capillary-gravity waves generated by a slow moving object	We investigate theoretically and experimentally the capillary-gravity waves created by a small object moving steadily at the water-air interface along a circular trajectory . It is well established that , for straight uniform motion , no steady waves appear at velocities below the minimum phase velocity $ c_ { min } = 23 \rm { cm \cdot s } ^ { -1 } $ . We show theoretically that no such velocity threshold exists for a steady circular motion , for which , even at small velocities , a finite wave drag is experienced by the object . This wave drag originates from the emission of a spiral-like wave pattern . Our results are in good agreement with direct experimental observations of the wave pattern created by a circularly moving needle in contact with water . Our study leads to new insights into the problem of animal locomotion at the water-air interface .
0705.0011	physics.flu-dyn cond-mat.stat-mech nlin.CD physics.ao-ph physics.comp-ph	Statistics of an Unstable Barotropic Jet from a Cumulant Expansion	Low-order equal-time statistics of a barotropic flow on a rotating sphere are investigated . The flow is driven by linear relaxation toward an unstable zonal jet . For relatively short relaxation times , the flow is dominated by critical-layer waves . For sufficiently long relaxation times , the flow is turbulent . Statistics obtained from a second-order cumulant expansion are compared to those accumulated in direct numerical simulations , revealing the strengths and limitations of the expansion for different relaxation times .
