0706.2461	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	Highly efficient acoustooptic diffraction in Sn2P2S6 crystals	We have studied the acoustooptic ( AO ) diffraction in Sn2P2S6 crystals and found that they manifest high values of AO figure of merit . The above crystals may therefore be used as highly efficient materials in different AO applications .
0706.2469	physics.ins-det physics.plasm-ph	Diamond thin Film Detectors for Beam Monitoring Devices	Diamonds offer radiation hard sensors , which can be used directly in primary beams . Here we report on the use of a polycrystalline CVD diamond strip sensor as beam monitor of heavy ion beams with up to 2.10^9 lead ions per bunch . The strips allow for a determination of the transverse beam profile to a fraction of the pitch of the strips , while the timing information yields the longitudinal bunch length with a resolution of the order of a few mm .
0706.2485	physics.gen-ph	Time and Entropy in the Foundations of Mechanics	This contribution analyses the classical laws of motion by means of an approach relating time and entropy . We argue that adopting the notion of change of states as opposed to the usual derivation of Newton 's laws in terms of fields a broader picture is obtained , suggesting that diverse branches of physics- classical , quantum , relativistic and statistical mechanics - turn out to be related by a common foundation .
0706.2488	physics.gen-ph	Should physicists begin experimental study of the God 's physical nature ?	Inequality of forward and reversed processes in quantum physics means an existence of a memory of quantum system about the initial state . Importance of its experimental study for correct interpretation of quantum mechanics and understanding of a physical base of a consciousness is discussed .
0706.2514	physics.atom-ph	Simple proof of gauge invariance for the S-matrix element of strong-field photoionization	The relationship between the length gauge ( LG ) and the velocity gauge ( VG ) exact forms of the photoionization probability amplitude is considered . Our motivation for this paper comes from applications of the Keldysh-Faisal-Reiss ( KFR ) theory , which describes atoms ( or ions ) in a strong laser field ( in the nonrelativistic approach , in the dipole approximation ) . On the faith of a certain widely-accepted assumption , we present a simple proof that the well-known LG form of the exact photoionization ( or photodetachment ) probability amplitude is indeed the gauge-invariant result . In contrast , to obtain the VG form of this probability amplitude , one has to either ( i ) neglect the well-known Goeppert-Mayer exponential factor ( which assures gauge invariance ) during all the time evolution of the ionized electron or ( ii ) put some conditions on the vector potential of the laser field .
0706.2576	physics.ins-det nucl-ex	First performance studies of a prototype for the CASTOR forward calorimeter at the CMS experiment	We present results on the performance of the first prototype of the CASTOR quartz-tungsten sampling calorimeter , to be installed in the very forward region of the CMS experiment at the LHC . This study includes GEANT Monte Carlo simulations of the Cherenkov light transmission efficiency of different types of air-core light guides , as well as analysis of the calorimeter linearity and resolution as a function of energy and impact-point , obtained with 20-200 GeV electron beams from CERN/SPS tests in 2003 . Several configurations of the calorimeter have been tested and compared , including different combinations of ( i ) structures for the active material of the calorimeter ( quartz plates and fibres ) , ( ii ) various light-guide reflecting materials ( glass and foil reflectors ) and ( iii ) photodetector devices ( photomultipliers and avalanche photodiodes ) .
