0705.3957	physics.flu-dyn math.DS	Visualizing the geometry of state space in plane Couette flow	Motivated by recent experimental and numerical studies of coherent structures in wall-bounded shear flows , we initiate a systematic exploration of the hierarchy of unstable invariant solutions of the Navier-Stokes equations . We construct a dynamical , 10^5-dimensional state-space representation of plane Couette flow at Re = 400 in a small , periodic cell and offer a new method of visualizing invariant manifolds embedded in such high dimensions . We compute a new equilibrium solution of plane Couette flow and the leading eigenvalues and eigenfunctions of known equilibria at this Reynolds number and cell size . What emerges from global continuations of their unstable manifolds is a surprisingly elegant dynamical-systems visualization of moderate-Reynolds turbulence . The invariant manifolds tessellate the region of state space explored by transiently turbulent dynamics with a rigid web of continuous and discrete symmetry-induced heteroclinic connections .
0705.3964	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	Realization of an Economical Polymer Optical Fiber Demultiplexer	Polymer Optical Fiber ( POF ) can be and are being used in various fields of applications . Two of the main fields are the automotive and the home entertainment sector . The POF can be applied in several different optical communication systems as automotive multi-media busses or in-house Ethernet systems . The requirements of bandwidth are increasing very fast in these sectors and therefore solutions that satisfy these demands are of high actuality . One solution is to use the wavelength division multiplexing ( WDM ) technique . Here , several different wavelengths can carry information over one POF fiber . All wavelengths that are transmitted over the fiber , must be separated at the receiver to regain and redirect the information channels . These separators are so-called Demultiplexers . There are several systems available on the market , which are all afflicted with certain disadvantages . But all these solutions have one main disadvantage , they are all too expensive for most of the applications mentioned above . So the goal of this study is to develop an economical Demultiplexer for WDM transmission over POF . The main idea is to separate the chromatic light in its monochromatic components with the help of a prism with low reciprocal dispersive power . The prism and the other assemblies , which are needed to adjust the optical path , should be manufactured in injection molding technique . This manufacturing technique is a very simple and economical way to produce a mass production applicable Demultiplexer for POF .
0705.3971	physics.flu-dyn	On dynamics of multi-phase elastic-plastic media	The paper is concerned with dynamics of multi-phase media consisting of a solid permeable material and a compressible Newtonian fluid . Governing macroscopic equations are derived starting from the space-averaged microscopic mass and momentum balances . The Reynolds stress models ( i.e. , momentum dispersive fluxes ) are discussed , and a suitable model is developed . In the case of granular media the solid constituent is considered as an elastic-plastic matrix , and the yield condition is approximated by Coulomb friction law . It is revealed that the classical principle of maximum plastic work is not , in general , valid for granular media , and an appropriate variational principle is developed . This novel principle coincides with the maximum plastic work principle for the case of cohesionless and free from internal friction granular media .
0705.3976	physics.gen-ph	Concept of a thermonuclear reactor based on gravity retention of high-temperature plasma	In the present paper the realization of the obtained results in relation to the dense high- temperature plasma of multivalent ions including experimental data interpretation is discussed .
0705.3989	physics.data-an q-bio.MN	Augmented Sparse Reconstruction of Protein Signaling Networks	The problem of reconstructing and identifying intracellular protein signaling and biochemical networks is of critical importance in biology today . We sought to develop a mathematical approach to this problem using , as a test case , one of the most well-studied and clinically important signaling networks in biology today , the epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) driven signaling cascade . More specifically , we suggest a method , augmented sparse reconstruction , for the identification of links among nodes of ordinary differential equation ( ODE ) networks from a small set of trajectories with different initial conditions . Our method builds a system of representation by using a collection of integrals of all given trajectories and by attenuating block of terms in the representation itself . The system of representation is then augmented with random vectors , and minimization of the 1-norm is used to find sparse representations for the dynamical interactions of each node . Augmentation by random vectors is crucial , since sparsity alone is not able to handle the large error-in-variables in the representation . Augmented sparse reconstruction allows to consider potentially very large spaces of models and it is able to detect with high accuracy the few relevant links among nodes , even when moderate noise is added to the measured trajectories . After showing the performance of our method on a model of the EGFR protein network , we sketch briefly the potential future therapeutic applications of this approach .
0705.3996	physics.ed-ph	A small tabletop experiment for a direct measurement of the speed of light	A small tabletop experiment for a direct measurement of the speed of light to an accuracy of few percent is described . The experiment is accessible to a wide spectrum of undergraduate students , in particular to students not majoring in science or engineering . The experiment may further include a measurement of the index of refraction of a sample . Details of the setup and equipment are given . Results and limitations of the experiment are analyzed , partly based on our experience in employing the experiment in our student laboratories . Safety considerations are also discussed .
