0710.3215	physics.plasm-ph physics.space-ph	A model for a plasma ball	A detailed simple model is applied to study a high temperature plasma ball . It is assumed that the ions and delocalized electrons are distributed randomly throughout the charged plasma ball ( extra/missing charge is assumed to be found in a thin layer on the surface of a ball ) . The energy of the microscopic electrostatic field around the ions is taken into account and calculated . It is shown in the framework of this model that regarded charged plasma ball can be stable as a metastable state , when subjected to an external ( atmospheric ) pressure . Equilibrium radius of a ball is calculated .
0710.3225	physics.hist-ph physics.gen-ph	Phenomenological and ontological models in natural science	The observation of the nature and world represents the main source of human knowledge on the basis of our reason . At the present it is also the use of precise measurement approaches , which may contribute significantly to the knowledge of the world but can not substitute fully the knowledge of the whole reality obtained also with the help of our senses . It is not possible to omit the ontological nature of matter world . However , any metaphysical consideration was abandoned when mainly under the influence of positivistic philosophy phenomenological models started to be strongly preferred and any intuitive approach based on human senses has been refused . Their success in application region has seemed to provide decisive support for such preference . However , it is limited practically to the cases when only interpolation between measured data is involved . When the extrapolation is required the ontological models are much more reliable and practically indispensable in realistic approach .
0710.3229	physics.ao-ph	Using the QBO to predict the number of hurricanes hitting the U.S	A simple study of the relationship between the QBO and the number of hurricanes in the Atlantic , both in the Basin and hitting the U.S. coastline , demonstrates that the QBO is not a particularly useful index to help predict hurricane numbers on five-year time scales . It is shown that there is very little difference between the number of hurricanes following easterly winds in the equatorial stratosphere and the number that follow westerly winds . Given this it is reasonable one would make better predictions just using the mean number of hurricanes in lieu of using the QBO and this is also simply demonstrated here .
0710.3253	physics.gen-ph	Two Paradoxes of the Existence of electric Charge	Electromagnetic waves propagate with the speed of light . The reason is that electrostatic fields as well as magnetic fields propagate with this speed . Both types of objects , waves as well as static fields contain and transport energy . Consequently it is possible to calculate how much energy and how much energy density a source of a field emits into the space - and the calculation shows that this energy is not zero , for elementary particles as well as for macroscopic spheres . The calculation is presented in this article . This leads to a principle problem not being answered up to now : From where does the static charge obtain the energy , which it emits permantently ? But the paradox has a second aspect : If we follow the trace of a specified element of volume containing an electric field on its way through the space , we will notice that its contents of field energy decreases during time . But where does this effluent energy go ?
0710.3256	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech physics.comp-ph	Statistical physics of social dynamics	Statistical physics has proven to be a very fruitful framework to describe phenomena outside the realm of traditional physics . The last years have witnessed the attempt by physicists to study collective phenomena emerging from the interactions of individuals as elementary units in social structures . Here we review the state of the art by focusing on a wide list of topics ranging from opinion , cultural and language dynamics to crowd behavior , hierarchy formation , human dynamics , social spreading . We highlight the connections between these problems and other , more traditional , topics of statistical physics . We also emphasize the comparison of model results with empirical data from social systems .
0710.3268	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech	Googling Social Interactions : Web Search Engine Based Social Network Construction	Social network analysis has long been an untiring topic of sociology . However , until the era of information technology , the availability of data , mainly collected by the traditional method of personal survey , was highly limited and prevented large-scale analysis . Recently , the exploding amount of automatically generated data has completely changed the pattern of research . For instance , the enormous amount of data from so-called high-throughput biological experiments has introduced a systematic or network viewpoint to traditional biology . Then , is `` high-throughput '' sociological data generation possible ? Google , which has become one of the most influential symbols of the new Internet paradigm within the last ten years , might provide torrents of data sources for such study in this ( now and forthcoming ) digital era . We investigate social networks between people by extracting information on the Web and introduce new tools of analysis of such networks in the context of statistical physics of complex systems or socio-physics . As a concrete and illustrative example , the members of the 109th United States Senate are analyzed and it is demonstrated that the methods of construction and analysis are applicable to various other weighted networks .
0710.3273	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Complex Fundamental Diagram of Traffic Flow in the Deep Lefortovo Tunnel ( Moscow )	The fundamental diagram for tunnel traffic is constructed based on the empirical data collected during the last two years in the deep long branch of the Lefortovo tunnel located on the 3 $ ^\text { rd } $ circular highway of Moscow . This tunnel of length 3 km is equipped with a dense system of stationary radiodetetors distributed uniformly along it chequerwise at spacing of 60 m. The data were averaged over 30 s. Each detector measures three characteristics of the vehicle ensemble ; the flow rate , the car velocity , and the occupancy for three lanes individually . The conducted analysis reveals an original complex structure of the fundamental diagram .
0710.3291	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	Bounded modes to the rescue of optical transmission	This paper presents a brief survey of the evolution of knowledge about diffraction gratings . After recalling some basic facts , historically and physically , we introduce the concept of Wood anomalies . Next , we present some recent works in order to introduce the role of bounded modes in transmission gratings . The consequences of these recent results are then introduced . This paper is a secondary publication , published in Europhysics News ( EPN 38 , 3 ( 2007 ) 27-31 ) . In the present version , some additional notes have been added with related references .
0710.3316	physics.chem-ph	Internal-state thermometry by depletion spectroscopy in a cold guided beam of formaldehyde	We present measurements of the internal state distribution of electrostatically guided formaldehyde . Upon excitation with continuous tunable ultraviolet laser light the molecules dissociate , leading to a decrease in the molecular flux . The population of individual guided states is measured by addressing transitions originating from them . The measured populations of selected states show good agreement with theoretical calculations for different temperatures of the molecule source . The purity of the guided beam as deduced from the entropy of the guided sample using a source temperature of 150K corresponds to that of a thermal ensemble with a temperature of about 30 K .
0710.3350	physics.atom-ph	Fully Correlated Electronic Dynamics for Antiproton Impact Ionization of Helium	We present total cross sections for single and double ionization of helium by antiproton impact over a wide range of impact energies from 10 keV/amu to 1 MeV/amu . A non-perturbative time-dependent close-coupling method ( TDCC ) is applied to fully treat the correlated dynamics of the ionized electrons . Excellent agreement is obtained between our calculations and experimental measurements of total single and double ionization cross sections at high impact energies , whereas for lower impact energies , some discrepancies with experiment are found . At an impact energy of 1 MeV we also find that the double-to-single ionization ratio is twice as large for antiproton impact as for proton impact , confirming a long-standing unexpected experimental measurement .
0710.3353	physics.ins-det	Roadmap for ILC Detector R & D Test Beams	This document provides a roadmap for ILC detector test beam needs in the next 3 - 5 years . In this period , detector Letters of Intent are expected by fall 2008 , the ILC Engineering Design Report to be submitted in ILC and its detectors in 2012 . ILC detectors are required to have unprecedented precision to be able to elucidate new physics discoveries at TeV energies from the LHC and ILC machines , and to fully exploit experimental investifation at the electrweak unification energy scale . Ahieving this requires significant investment for detector test beam activities to complete the R & D needed , to test prototypes and ( later ) to qualify final detector system desgns , including integated system tess . This roadmap document describes the need for significant increases in resources for ILC test beam activities . It should be used by test beam facility managers and the worldwide ILC leadership to assure that the necessary resources and facilities are made available to meet the needs in time .
0710.3371	physics.bio-ph q-bio.PE	Segregation process and phase transition in cyclic predator-prey models with even number of species	We study a spatial cyclic predator-prey model with an even number of species ( for n=4 , 6 , and 8 ) that allows the formation of two defective alliances consisting of the even and odd label species . The species are distributed on the sites of a square lattice . The evolution of spatial distribution is governed by iteration of two elementary processes on neighboring sites chosen randomly : if the sites are occupied by a predator-prey pair then the predator invades the prey 's site ; otherwise the species exchange their site with a probability $ X $ . For low $ X $ values a self-organizing pattern is maintained by cyclic invasions . If $ X $ exceeds a threshold value then two types of domains grow up that formed by the odd and even label species , respectively . Monte Carlo simulations indicate the blocking of this segregation process within a range of X for n=8 .
0710.3385	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Molecular Recollision Interferometry in High Harmonic Generation	We use extreme-ultraviolet interferometry to measure the phase of high-order harmonic generation from transiently aligned CO2 molecules . We unambiguously observe a reversal in phase of the high order harmonic emission for higher harmonic orders with a sufficient degree of alignment . This results from molecular-scale quantum interferences between the molecular electronic wave function and the recolliding electron as it recombines with the molecule , and is consistent with a two-center model . Furthermore , using the combined harmonic intensity and phase information , we extract accurate information on the dispersion relation of the returning electron wavepacket as a function of harmonic order . This analysis shows evidence of the effect of the molecular potential on the recolliding electron wave .
0710.3398	physics.class-ph	Simple derivation of the special theory of relativity without the speed of light axiom	We show a very simple yet rigorous derivation of the invariance of the space-time interval ( and hence the whole special relativity ) just from the isotropy , homogeneity and a principle of relativity , without the need of the speed of light axiom . This article is intended as a textbook explanation of the special relativity .
0710.3404	physics.optics	Coherent , multi-heterodyne spectroscopy using stabilized optical frequency combs	The broadband , coherent nature of narrow-linewidth fiber frequency combs is exploited to measure the full complex spectrum of a molecular gas through multi-heterodyne spectroscopy . We measure the absorption and phase shift experienced by each of 155,000 individual frequency comb lines , spaced by 100 MHz and spanning from 1495 nm to 1620 nm , after passing through a hydrogen cyanide gas . The measured phase spectrum agrees with Kramers-Kronig transformation of the absorption spectrum . This technique can provide a full complex spectrum rapidly , over wide bandwidths , and with hertz-level accuracy .
0710.3408	physics.atom-ph	Numerical solution of the radial Dirac equation in pseudopotential construction	In the present work we study numerical solution of the radial Dirac equation in a specific case - ab-initio pseudopotential generating process - which is needed within the electronic structure calculations using a Density Functional Theory ( DFT ) combined with a pseudopotential method . We give a brief introduction to DFT , derive the radial Dirac and Schrodinger equations , show how to solve them both for a given energy and as an eigenvalue problem using a known asymptotic behavior of the solution . Next we compare the nonrelativistic and relativistic eigenvalues for one electron atom . Finally we state a few words about the computer implementation .
0710.3417	physics.atom-ph	Coupled-cluster single-double calculations of the relativistic energy shifts in C IV , Na I , Mg II , Al III , Si IV , Ca II and Zn II	The relativistic coupled-cluster single-double method is used to calculate the dependence of frequencies of strong $ E1 $ -transitions in many monovalent atoms and ions on the fine-structure constant $ \alpha $ . These transitions are used in the search for manifestations of the variation of the fine-structure constant in quasar absorption spectra . Results of the present calculations are in good agreement with previous calculations but are more accurate .
0710.3422	physics.soc-ph	A Simple Probabilistic Algorithm for Detecting Community Structure in Social Networks	In this paper , we propose a novel semi-parametric probabilistic model which considers interactions between different communities and can provide more information about the network topology besides correctly detecting communities . By using an additional parameter , our model can not only detect community structure but also detect pattern which is a generalization of common sense network community structure . The prior parameter in our model reveals the characteristics of patterns inside the network . Results on some widely known data sets prove the efficiency of our model .
