0710.5214	physics.flu-dyn	Multifractal detrended fluctuation analysis of combustion flames in four-burner impinging entrained-flow gasifier	On a laboratory-scale testing platform of impinging entrained-flow gasifier with four opposed burners , the flame images for diesel combustion and gasification process were measured with a single charge coupled device ( CCD ) camera . The two-dimensional multifractal detrended fluctuation analysis was employed to investigate the multifractal nature of the flame images . Sound power-law scaling in the annealed average of detrended fluctuations was unveiled when the order $ q > 0 $ and the multifractal feature of flame images were confirmed . Further analyses identified two multifractal parameters , the minimum and maximum singularity $ \alpha_ { \min } $ and $ \alpha_ { \max } $ , serving as characteristic parameters of the multifractal flames . These two characteristic multifractal parameters vary with respect to different experimental conditions .
0710.5227	physics.hist-ph math.AP math.HO physics.flu-dyn	The collaboration between Korteweg and de Vries -- An enquiry into personalities	In the course of the years the names of Korteweg and de Vries have come to be closely associated . The equation which is named after them plays a fundamental role in the theory of non-linear partial differential equations . What are the origins of the doctoral dissertation of De Vries and of the Korteweg-de Vries paper ? Bastiaan Willink , a distant relative of both of these mathematicians , has sought to answer these questions . This article is based on a lecture delivered by the author at the symposium dedicated to Korteweg and de Vries at University of Amsterdam in September 2003 .
0710.5237	physics.soc-ph	Urban and Scientific Segregation : The Schelling-Ising Model	Urban segregation of different communities , like blacks and whites in the USA , has been simulated by Ising-like models since Schelling 1971 . This research was accompanied by a scientific segregation , with sociologists and physicists ignoring each other until 2000 . We review recent progress and also present some new two-temperature multi-cultural simulations .
