0706.0944	physics.flu-dyn physics.data-an	Point Process Analysis of Vortices in a Periodic Box	The motion of assemblies of point vortices in a periodic parallelogram can be described by the complex position $ z_j ( t ) $ whose time derivative is given by the sum of the complex velocities induced by other vortices and the solid rotation centered at $ z_j $ . A numerical simulation up to 100 vortices in a square periodic box is performed with various initial conditions , including single and double rows , uniform spacing , checkered pattern , and complete spatial randomness . Point process theory in spatial ecology is applied in order to quantify clustering of the distribution of vortices . In many cases , clustering of the distribution persists after a long time if the initial condition is clustered . In the case of positive and negative vortices with the same absolute value of strength , the $ L $ function becomes positive for both types of vortices . Scattering or recoupling of pairs of vortices by a third vortex is remarkable .
0706.0975	physics.chem-ph physics.comp-ph	Combined Extended Rejoinder to `` Extended Comment on `` One-Range Addition Theorems for Coulomb Interaction Potential and Its Derivatives '' by I. I. Guseinov ( Chem . Phys. , Vol . 309 ( 2005 ) , pp . 209-213 ) ''	This article is a thorough critique to the Weniger 's comments made to our papers published in prestigious journals in the recent years . A detailed and critical examination of the arguments that led to the suggested comment by Weniger reveals some serious flaws . In our published papers we have shown that the unsymmetrical and symmetrical one-range addition theorems for Slater type orbitals , Coulomb-Yukawa like correlated interaction potentials ( CIPs ) and their derivatives are derived from the expansions in terms of -ETOs that are complete and orthonormal sets of exponential type orbitals in corresponding Hilbert spaces , where The concrete criticism raised in Weniger 's comment against our papers actually touches a very minor aspect of the works that are not relevant at all for the conclusions , which are made . As can be seen from our papers , all of the formulas for different kinds of multicenter integrals over Slater type orbitals with integer and noninteger principal quantum numbers obtained by the use of unsymmetrical and symmetrical one-range addition theorems were tested by computer calculations . We reject the Weniger 's personal views about papers published by Guseinov and his coworkers from 1978 to 2006 and respectable referees on one-range addition theorems and multicenter integrals . All claims of inconsistencies and flaws in the theoretical framework are rejected as unfounded . This rejoinder paper contains all of the answers to Weniger 's comments .
0706.0978	physics.gen-ph	The Canonical Ensemble and the Central Limit Theorem	Some of the more powerful results of mathematical statistics are becoming of increasing importance in statistical mechanics . Here the use of the central limit theorem in conjunction with the canonical ensemble is shown to lead to an interesting and important new insight into results associated with the canonical ensemble . This theoretical work is illustrated numerically and it is shown how this numerical work can form the basis of an undergraduate laboratory experiment which should help to implant ideas of statistical mechanics in students ' minds .
0706.0995	physics.hist-ph physics.pop-ph	Between Pacifism and Nuclear Energy ( 1930-1955 )	The atomic bomb American program known as Manhattan Project has been studied in detail . Historians argue that the beginning of this program is rooted in the letter Einstein sent to American President Roosevelt in the summer of 1939 . This article examines Einstein 's activities before 1933 as radical pacifist in favor of the principles of universal disarmament and outspoken supporter of individual war resistance and the shift of this posture when Hitler came to power in 1933 . In this context , we discuss the role played by nuclear physicists during the Second World War and Einstein 's decision to promote the construction of an atomic weapon in the United States . Finally , the article analyzes Einstein 's struggle against the atomic race during the beginning of the cold war .
0706.0999	physics.hist-ph physics.pop-ph	Einstein in the crossroad of the sciences , arts and humanities	Western thinking underwent a turning point between 1885 and 1925 . Einstein in 1905 symbolizes the emblematic hinge of this change of direction . To find an equivalent phenomenon in the past we need to go back to the period from the XV century to the XVII century . It was not a mere reform of codes but a new code . In 1905 the perception of reality changed through the introduction of relativism in three levels of the reference systems : the ego-other relation , the world perceived by the senses , and the 'ideal ' universe of the concepts . We will try to identify how this change was expressed and developed in the cited levels , both in the physic and nature based sciences , in the social sciences , and in literature and fine arts . Today , 100 years after , the 1905 's generation still proposes us two options : to live sheltered by the dogma that reassures us with its only and exclusive viewpoint claimed objective , or to dare to live with the multiple , the transient , the relative . The first way led to the worst regimes and intolerant ideas of the XX century , the second option throws us into the uncertainty of the creative adventure , but also leads us to the possibility of a fairer society in the XXI century .
0706.1027	physics.atom-ph	Parity nonconservation in dielectronic recombination of multiply charged ions	We discuss a parity nonconserving ( PNC ) asymmetry in the cross section of dielectronic recombination of polarized electrons on multiply charged ions with Z > 40 . This effect is strongly enhanced for close doubly-excited states of opposite parity in the intermediate compound ion . Such states are known for He-like ions . However , these levels have large energy and large radiative widths which hampers observation of the PNC asymmetry . We argue that accidentally degenerate states of the more complex ions may be more suitable for the corresponding experiment .
0706.1035	physics.plasm-ph	Comment on `` Electromagnetic Global Gyrokinetic Simulation of Shear Alfven Wave Dynamics in Tokamak Plasmas '' [ Phys . Plasmas 14 , 042503 ( 2007 ) ]	This comment clarifies the relation of the research in a recently published article [ Phys . Plasmas 14 , 042503 ( 2007 ) ] to other prior publications addressing the inclusion of electromagnetic and drift-kinetic electron physics in gyrokinetic simulation , raises a concern related to the inclusion of kinetic electrons in a system with magnetic shear , and discusses alternatives in the face of an important limitation on the general applicability of the algorithm described therein .
0706.1036	physics.class-ph physics.gen-ph	Transfer matrices for piecewise constant potentials	By expressing the time-independent Schrodinger equation in one dimension as a system of two first-order differential equations , the transfer matrix for a rectangular potential barrier is obtained making use of the matrix exponential . It is shown that the transfer matrix allows one to find the bound states and the quasinormal modes . A similar treatment for the one-dimensional propagation of electromagnetic waves in a homogeneous medium is also presented .
0706.1055	physics.chem-ph cond-mat.mtrl-sci cond-mat.stat-mech	EC-FORC : A New Cyclic Voltammetry Based Method for Examining Phase Transitions and Predicting Equilibrium	We propose a new , cyclic-voltammetry based experimental technique that can not only differentiate between discontinuous and continuous phase transitions in an adsorbate layer , but also quite accurately recover equilibrium behavior from dynamic analysis of systems with a continuous phase transition . The Electrochemical first-order reversal curve ( EC-FORC ) diagram for a discontinuous phase transition ( nucleation and growth ) , such as occurs in underpotential deposition , is characterized by a negative region , while such a region does not exist for a continuous phase transition , such as occurs in the electrosorption of Br on Ag ( 100 ) . Moreover , for systems with a continuous phase transition , the minima of the individual EC-FORCs trace the equilibrium curve , even at very high scan rates . Since obtaining experimental data for the EC-FORC method would require only a simple reprogramming of the potentiostat used in conventional cyclic-voltammetry experiments , we believe that this method has significant potential for easy , rapid , in-situ analysis of systems undergoing electrochemical deposition .
0706.1062	physics.data-an cond-mat.dis-nn stat.AP stat.ME	Power-law distributions in empirical data	Power-law distributions occur in many situations of scientific interest and have significant consequences for our understanding of natural and man-made phenomena . Unfortunately , the detection and characterization of power laws is complicated by the large fluctuations that occur in the tail of the distribution -- the part of the distribution representing large but rare events -- and by the difficulty of identifying the range over which power-law behavior holds . Commonly used methods for analyzing power-law data , such as least-squares fitting , can produce substantially inaccurate estimates of parameters for power-law distributions , and even in cases where such methods return accurate answers they are still unsatisfactory because they give no indication of whether the data obey a power law at all . Here we present a principled statistical framework for discerning and quantifying power-law behavior in empirical data . Our approach combines maximum-likelihood fitting methods with goodness-of-fit tests based on the Kolmogorov-Smirnov statistic and likelihood ratios . We evaluate the effectiveness of the approach with tests on synthetic data and give critical comparisons to previous approaches . We also apply the proposed methods to twenty-four real-world data sets from a range of different disciplines , each of which has been conjectured to follow a power-law distribution . In some cases we find these conjectures to be consistent with the data while in others the power law is ruled out .
0706.1089	physics.geo-ph astro-ph q-bio.PE	Geochemistry of U and Th and its Influence on the Origin and Evolution of the Crust of Earth and the Biological Evolution	We have investigated the migration behaviors of uranium ( U ) and thorium ( Th ) in Earth and other terrestrial planets . Theoretical models of U and Th migration have been proposed . These models suggest that the unique features of Earth are closely connected with its unique U and Th migration models and distribution patterns . In the Earth , U and Th can combine with oxidative volatile components and water , migrate up to the asthenosphere position to form an enrichment zone ( EZ ) of U and Th first , and then migrate up further to the crusts through magmatism and metamorphism . We emphasize that the formation of an EZ of U , Th and other heat-producing elements is a prerequisite for the formation of a plate tectonic system . The heat-producing elements , currently mainly U and Th , in the EZ are also the energy sources that drive the formation and evolution of the crust of Earth and create special granitic continental crusts . In other terrestrial planets , including Mercury , Venus , and Mars , an EZ can not be formed because of a lack of oxidative volatile components and water . For this reason , a plate tectonic system can not been developed in these planets . We also emphasize the influence of U and Th in EZ on the development and evolution of life on Earth . We propose that since the Earth and planets were born in a united solar system , there should be some common mechanisms to create the similarities and differences between them . We have tried to develop an integrated view to explain some problems in the tectonics of Earth and evolution , bio-evolution , and planetary dynamics through U and Th geochemistry . We believe that a comprehensive exploration on energy sources and their evolution is a good way to build bridges between different disciplines of science in order to better understand the Earth and planets .
0706.1106	physics.ins-det astro-ph nucl-ex	Toward Application of a Thick Gas Electron Multiplier ( THGEM ) Readout for a Dark Matter Detector	The Yale-Weizmann collaboration aims to develop a low-radioactivity ( low-background ) cryogenic noble liquid detector for Dark-Matter ( DM ) search in measurements to be performed deep underground as for example carried out by the XENON collaboration . A major issue is the background induced by natural radioactivity of present-detector components including the Photo Multiplier Tubes ( PMT ) made from glass with large U-Th content . We propose to use advanced Thick Gaseous Electron Multipliers ( THGEM ) recently developed at the Weizmann Institute of Science ( WIS ) . These `` hole-multipliers '' will measure in a two-phase ( liquid/gas ) Xe detector electrons extracted into the gas phase from both ionization in the liquid as well as scintillation-induced photoelectrons from a CsI photocathode immersed in LXe . We report on initial tests ( in gas ) of THGEM made out of Cirlex ( Kapton ) which is well known to have low Ra-Th content instead of the usual G10 material with high Ra-Th content .
0706.1108	physics.gen-ph	Reply to `Comment on `` Helmholtz Theorem and the V-Gauge in the Problem of Superluminal and Instantaneous Signals in Classical Electrodynamics '' by A. Chubykalo Et Al ' by J . A. Heras [ FOUND . Phys . Lett . vol . 19 ( 6 ) p. 579 ( 2006 ) ]	This is the reply to `COMMENT ON `` HELMHOLTZ THEOREM AND THE V-GAUGE IN THE PROBLEM OF SUPERLUMINAL AND INSTANTANEOUS SIGNALS IN CLASSICAL ELECTRODYNAMICS '' BY A. CHUBYKALO ET AL ' BY J . A. HERAS [ FOUND . PHYS . LETT . vol . 19 ( 6 ) p. 579 ( 2006 ) ]
