0705.3521	physics.optics	Roles of resonance and dark irradiance for infrared photorefractive self-focusing and solitons in bi-polar InP : Fe	This paper shows experimental evidence of photorefractive steady state self-focusing in InP : Fe for a wide range of intensities , at both 1.06 and 1.55 $ \mu $ m . To explain those results , it is shown that despite the bi-polar nature of InP : Fe where one photocarrier and one thermal carrier are to be considered , the long standing one photocarrier model for photorefractive solitons can be usefully applied . The relationship between the dark irradiance stemming out of this model and the known resonance intensity is then discussed .
0705.3548	physics.class-ph	Simple and accurate analytical model of planar grids and high-impedance surfaces comprising metal strips or patches	This paper introduces simple analytical formulas for the grid impedance of electrically dense arrays of square patches and for the surface impedance of high-impedance surfaces based on the dense arrays of metal strips or square patches over ground planes . Emphasis is on the oblique-incidence excitation . The approach is based on the known analytical models for strip grids combined with the approximate Babinet principle for planar grids located at a dielectric interface . Analytical expressions for the surface impedance and reflection coefficient resulting from our analysis are thoroughly verified by full-wave simulations and compared with available data in open literature for particular cases . The results can be used in the design of various antennas and microwave or millimeter wave devices which use artificial impedance surfaces and artificial magnetic conductors ( reflect-array antennas , tunable phase shifters , etc . ) , as well as for the derivation of accurate higher-order impedance boundary conditions for artificial ( high- ) impedance surfaces . As an example , the propagation properties of surface waves along the high-impedance surfaces are studied .
0705.3549	physics.gen-ph	Suggestions on photons and fermions	In this paper we suggest a configuration of photons consistent with a spin $ \hbar $ , and a configuration of the fermions coherent with a spin $ \hbar/2 $ . These suggested configurations open the way to further analyses which lead to the following conclusions : - There can not exist elementary particles of spin $ \hbar/2 $ with a mass inferior to $ 1m_e $ or with a radius greater than $ 1l_e $ . - The electrostatic force derives from the centrifugal forces inherent to the spin and are propagated by photons . - The derivation of the electrostatic force explains the existence of positive and negative charges and Coulomb 's law . - The enormous differences between the centrifugal forces and the centripetal forces at the surface of the protons give rise to quantic fluctuations of space which generate the energy flows necessary for equilibrium . These energy flows can explain gravitation and the strong force . - The mass of the proton , $ m_p $ , and the mass of the neutron , $ m_n $ , must each have a concrete value required for the cohesion of the atomic nuclei . The suggested hypoteses show that the relation $ m_n/m_p $ must be very slightly greater than 1.00 , and that , by a first approximation , both $ m_n $ and $ m_p $ must be slightly less than 1851 $ m_e $ . - There are no `` gravitons '' and no `` gluons '' ; the `` messenger particles '' are always the very real photons .
0705.3576	physics.flu-dyn	Relaxation of a dewetting contact line Part 1 : A full-scale hydrodynamic calculation	The relaxation of a dewetting contact line is investigated theoretically in the so-called `` Landau-Levich '' geometry in which a vertical solid plate is withdrawn from a bath of partially wetting liquid . The study is performed in the framework of lubrication theory , in which the hydrodynamics is resolved at all length scales ( from molecular to macroscopic ) . We investigate the bifurcation diagram for unperturbed contact lines , which turns out to be more complex than expected from simplified 'quasi-static ' theories based upon an apparent contact angle . Linear stability analysis reveals that below the critical capillary number of entrainment , Ca_c , the contact line is linearly stable at all wavenumbers . Away from the critical point the dispersion relation has an asymptotic behaviour sigma~|q| and compares well to a quasi-static approach . Approaching Ca_c , however , a different mechanism takes over and the dispersion evolves from |q| to the more common q^2 . These findings imply that contact lines can not be treated as universal objects governed by some effective law for the macroscopic contact angle , but viscous effects have to be treated explicitly .
0705.3583	physics.flu-dyn	Relaxation of a dewetting contact line Part 2 : Experiments	The dynamics of receding contact lines is investigated experimentally through controlled perturbations of a meniscus in a dip coating experiment . We first characterize stationary menisci and their breakdown at the coating transition . It is then shown that the dynamics of both liquid deposition and long-wavelength perturbations adiabatically follow these stationary states . This provides a first experimental access to the entire bifurcation diagram of dynamical wetting , confirming the hydrodynamic theory developed in Part 1 . In contrast to quasi-static theories based on a dynamic contact angle , we demonstrate that the transition strongly depends on the large scale flow geometry . We then establish the dispersion relation for large wavenumbers , for which we find that sigma is linear in q . The speed dependence of sigma is well described by hydrodynamic theory , in particular the absence of diverging time-scales at the critical point . Finally , we highlight some open problems related to contact angle hysteresis that lead beyond the current description .
0705.3615	physics.atom-ph physics.ins-det physics.optics	Electromagnetically induced transparency for x rays	Electromagnetically induced transparency ( EIT ) is predicted for x rays in laser-dressed neon gas . The x-ray photoabsorption cross section and polarizability near the Ne K edge are calculated using an ab initio theory suitable for optical strong-field problems . The laser wavelength is tuned close to the transition between 1s^-1 3s and 1s^-1 3p ( approximately 800nm ) . The minimum laser intensity required to observe EIT is of the order of 10^12 W/cm^2 . The ab initio results are discussed in terms of an exactly solvable three-level model . This work opens new opportunities for research with ultrafast x-ray sources .
0705.3624	physics.optics	Towards a systematic design of isotropic bulk magnetic metamaterials using the cubic point groups of symmetry	In this paper a systematic approach to the design of bulk isotropic magnetic metamaterials is presented . The role of the symmetries of both the constitutive element and the lattice are analyzed . For this purpose it is assumed that the metamaterial is composed by cubic SRR resonators , arranged in a cubic lattice . The minimum symmetries needed to ensure an isotropic behavior are analyzed , and some particular configurations are proposed . Besides , an equivalent circuit model is proposed for the considered cubic SRR resonators . Experiments are carried out in order to validate the proposed theory . We hope that this analysis will pave the way to the design of bulk metamaterials with strong isotropic magnetic response , including negative permeability and left-handed metamaterials .
0705.3652	physics.optics	Chi2 and chi3 harmonic generation at a critical power in inhomogeneous doubly resonant cavities	We derive general conditions for 100 percent frequency conversion in any doubly resonant nonlinear cavity , for both second- and third-harmonic generation via chi2 and chi3 nonlinearities . We find that conversion efficiency is optimized for a certain critical power depending on the cavity parameters , and assuming reasonable parameters we predict 100 percent conversion using milliwatts of power or less . These results follow from a semi-analytical coupled-mode theory framework which is generalized from previous work to include both chi2 and chi3 media as well as inhomogeneous ( fully vectorial ) cavities , analyzed in the high-efficiency limit where down-conversion processes lead to a maximum efficiency at the critical power , and which is verified by direct finite-difference time-domain ( FDTD ) simulations of the nonlinear Maxwell equations . Explicit formulas for the nonlinear coupling coefficients are derived in terms of the linear cavity eigenmodes , which can be used to design and evaluate cavities in arbitrary geometries .
0705.3657	physics.gen-ph	Separation of Bell states	The four Bell states can be represented by separable coherent states which are products of individual non-hermitian spin operators . In the absence of interactions , the non-hermitian states are predicted to form a new quantum state of spin magnitude 1/sqrt ( 2 ) rather than 1/2 . Properties of these states show that an isolated spin is a resonance state with zero net angular momentum , consistent with a point particle . In addition , the Bell states are shown to take on the identical mathematical form when the two spins are bound ( local ) or unbound ( non-local ) . The bound Bell states are resonances between four states . When the separate , they do so from only one of its resonance states and their ensemble average defines the unbound Bell states . The bound and unbound Bell states have the same mathematical form due to the persistence of the rotationally invariance of sigma ( 1 ) dot sigma ( 2 ) .
0705.3670	physics.optics nlin.PS	Guiding-center solitons in rotating potentials	We demonstrate that rotating quasi-one-dimensional potentials , periodic or parabolic , support solitons in settings where they are otherwise impossible . Ground-state and vortex solitons are found in defocusing media , if the rotation frequency exceeds a critical value . The revolving periodic potentials exhibit the strongest stabilization capacity at a finite optimum value of their strength , while the rotating parabolic trap features a very sharp transition to stability with the increase of rotation frequency .
