0711.0585	physics.optics physics.class-ph	Huygens ' construction in a dispersive medium moving at a constant velocity	We extend the method of Huygens ' construction in a uniformly moving optical medium [ Am . J. Phys . 72 , 934 ( 2004 ) ] to the case when the medium is dispersive in its rest frame of reference . The first-order Huygens ' construction analysis of the light drag in a transversely moving dispersive slab is in agreement with the results of the experiment by Jones ( 1975 ) and with the Player-Rogers formula for the downstream deflection of the beam . The derivation purports that the original Huygens ' principle remains valid in non-stationary situations if it is modified to include the relativistic effects on the secondary wavelets caused by the motion of the medium .
0711.0681	physics.plasm-ph math.AP physics.class-ph	Kinetic Theory of Plasmas : Translational Energy	In the present contribution , we derive from kinetic theory a unified fluid model for multicomponent plasmas by accounting for the electromagnetic field influence . We deal with a possible thermal nonequilibrium of the translational energy of the particles , neglecting their internal energy and the reactive collisions . Given the strong disparity of mass between the electrons and heavy particles , such as molecules , atoms , and ions , we conduct a dimensional analysis of the Boltzmann equation . We then generalize the Chapman-Enskog method , emphasizing the role of a multiscale perturbation parameter on the collisional operator , the streaming operator , and the collisional invariants of the Boltzmann equation . The system is examined at successive orders of approximation , each of which corresponding to a physical time scale . The multicomponent Navier-Stokes regime is reached for the heavy particles , which follow a hyperbolic scaling , and is coupled to first order drift-diffusion equations for the electrons , which follow a parabolic scaling . The transport coefficients exhibit an anisotropic behavior when the magnetic field is strong enough . We also give a complete description of the Kolesnikov effect , i.e. , the crossed contributions to the mass and energy transport fluxes coupling the electrons and heavy particles . Finally , the first and second principles of thermodynamics are proved to be satisfied by deriving a total energy equation and an entropy equation . Moreover , the system of equations is shown to be conservative and the purely convective system hyperbolic , thus leading to a well-defined structure .
0711.0740	physics.data-an	Generalization of Eight Methods for Determining R in the Ideal Gas Law	The ideal gas law of physics and chemistry says that PV = nRT . This law is a statement of the relationship between four variables ( P , V , n , and T ) that reflect properties of a quantity of gas in a container . The law enables us to make accurate predictions of the value of any one of the four variables from the values of the other three . The symbol R ( called the `` molar gas constant '' ) is the sole parameter or constant of the law . R stands for a fixed number that has been shown through experiments to equal approximately 8.314472 . Eight methods are available to analyze the data from a relevant experiment to determine the value of R. These methods are specific instances of eight general methods that scientists use to determine the value ( s ) of the parameter ( s ) of a model equation of a relationship between variables . Parameter estimation is one step in the study of a relationship between variables .
0711.0741	physics.soc-ph	Modeling Human Dynamics with Adaptive Interest	Recently , increasing empirical evidence indicates the extensive existence of heavy tails in the interevent time distributions of various human behaviors . Based on the queuing theory , the Barab\'asi model and its variations suggest the highest-priority-first protocol a potential origin of those heavy tails . However , some human activity patterns , also displaying the heavy-tailed temporal statistics , could not be explained by a task-based mechanism . In this paper , different from the mainstream , we propose an interest-based model . Both the simulation and analysis indicate a power-law interevent time distribution with exponent -1 , which is in accordance with some empirical observations in human-initiated systems .
0711.0772	physics.optics quant-ph	Local tuning of photonic crystal cavities using chalcogenide glasses	We demonstrate a method to locally change the refractive index in planar optical devices by photodarkening of a thin chalcogenide glass layer deposited on top of the device . The method is used to tune the resonance of GaAs-based photonic crystal cavities by up to 3 nm at 940 nm , with only 5 % deterioration in cavity quality factor . The method has broad applications for postproduction tuning of photonic devices .
0711.0791	physics.plasm-ph	Magnetic Confinement by Alfven Carpets	A `` carpet '' of torsional Alfven waves , resonantly excited in an annulus inside a toroidal conducting vessel , could maintain magnetized plasma inside of the annulus against the inherent outward expansion . Such toroidal magnetic confinement for fusion could present some advantages over conventional tokamaks . The idea could also be used to stabilize interchange and ballooning modes in tokamaks and other interchange-limited fusion devices .
