0712.0029	physics.gen-ph	Entropy growth in the early universe and confirmation of initial big bang conditions ( Why the quark-gluon model is not the best analogy )	This paper shows how increased entropy values from an initially low big bang level can be measured experimentally by counting relic gravitons . Furthermore the physical mechanism of this entropy increase is explained via analogies with early-universe phase transitions . The rapid increase in entropy so alluded to without near sudden increases up to 10 to the 88 power may be enough to allow successful modeling of relic graviton production for entropy in a manner similar to zero point energy extraction from a vacuum state
0712.0036	physics.bio-ph q-bio.NC	Distributed delays stabilize neural feedback systems	We consider the effect of distributed delays in neural feedback systems . The avian optic tectum is reciprocally connected with the nucleus isthmi . Extracellular stimulation combined with intracellular recordings reveal a range of signal delays from 4 to 9 ms between isthmotectal elements . This observation together with prior mathematical analysis concerning the influence of a delay distribution on system dynamics raises the question whether a broad delay distribution can impact the dynamics of neural feedback loops . For a system of reciprocally connected model neurons , we found that distributed delays enhance system stability in the following sense . With increased distribution of delays , the system converges faster to a fixed point and converges slower toward a limit cycle . Further , the introduction of distributed delays leads to an increased range of the average delay value for which the system 's equilibrium point is stable . The enhancement of stability with increasing delay distribution is caused by the introduction of smaller delays rather than the distribution per se .
0712.0064	physics.bio-ph	Melting of Single Lipid Components in Binary Lipid Mixtures : A Comparison between FTIR Spectroscopy , DSC and Monte Carlo Simulations	Monte Carlo ( MC ) Simulations , Differential Scanning Calorimetry ( DSC ) and Fourier Transform InfraRed ( FTIR ) spectroscopy were used to study the melting behavior of single lipid components in two-component membranes of 1,2-Dimyristoyl-D54-sn-Glycero-3-Phosphocholine ( DMPC-d54 ) and 1,2-Distearoyl-sn-Glycero-3-Phosphocholine ( DSPC ) . Microscopic information on the temperature dependent melting of the single lipid species could be investigated using FTIR . The microscopic behavior measured could be well described by the results from the MC simulations . These simulations also allowed to calculate heat capacity profiles as determined with DSC . These ones provide macroscopic information about melting enthalpies and entropy changes which are not accessible with FTIR . Therefore , the MC simulations allowed us to link the two different experimental approaches of FTIR and DSC .
0712.0161	physics.comp-ph	Trial wave functions for High-Pressure Metallic Hydrogen	Many body trial wave functions are the key ingredient for accurate Quantum Monte Carlo estimates of total electronic energies in many electron systems . In the Coupled Electron-Ion Monte Carlo method , the accuracy of the trial function must be conjugated with the efficiency of its evaluation . We report recent progress in trial wave functions for metallic hydrogen implemented in the Coupled Electron-Ion Monte Carlo method . We describe and characterize several types of trial functions of increasing complexity in the range of the coupling parameter $ 1.0 \leq r_s \leq1.55 $ . We report wave function comparisons for disordered protonic configurations and preliminary results for thermal averages .
0712.0219	physics.gen-ph	Structure of the Star with Ideal Gases	In this paper , we provide a simplified stellar structure model for ideal gases , in which the particles are only driven by gravity . According to the model , the structural information of the star can be roughly solved by the total mass and radius of a star . To get more accurate results , the model should be modified by introducing other interaction among particles and rotation of the star .
0712.0236	physics.class-ph	The stress field in a pulled cork and some subtle points in the semi-inverse method of nonlinear elasticity	In an attempt to describe cork-pulling , we model a cork as an incompressible rubber-like material and consider that it is subject to a helical shear deformation superimposed onto a shrink fit and a simple torsion . It turns out that this deformation field provides an insight into the possible appearance of secondary deformation fields for special classes of materials . We also find that these latent deformation fields are woken up by normal stress differences . We present some explicit examples based on the neo-Hookean , the generalized neo-Hookean and the Mooney-Rivlin forms of the strain-energy density . Using the simple exact solution found in the neo-Hookean case , we conjecture that it is advantageous to accompany the usual vertical axial force by a twisting moment , in order to extrude a cork from the neck of a bottle efficiently . Then we analyse departures from the neo-Hookean behaviour by exact and asymptotic analyses . In that process , we are able to give an elegant and analytic example of secondary ( or latent ) deformations in the framework of nonlinear elasticity .
0712.0243	physics.class-ph	Incremental Magnetoelastic Deformations , with Application to Surface Instability	In this paper the equations governing the deformations of infinitesimal ( incremental ) disturbances superimposed on finite static deformation fields involving magnetic and elastic interactions are presented . The coupling between the equations of mechanical equilibrium and Maxwell 's equations complicates the incremental formulation and particular attention is therefore paid to the derivation of the incremental equations , of the tensors of magnetoelastic moduli and of the incremental boundary conditions at a magnetoelastic/vacuum interface . The problem of surface stability for a solid half-space under plane strain with a magnetic field normal to its surface is used to illustrate the general results . The analysis involved leads to the simultaneous resolution of a bicubic and vanishing of a 7x7 determinant . In order to provide specific demonstration of the effect of the magnetic field , the material model is specialized to that of a `` magnetoelastic Mooney-Rivlin solid '' . Depending on the magnitudes of the magnetic field and the magnetoelastic coupling parameters , this shows that the half-space may become either more stable or less stable than in the absence of a magnetic field .
0712.0333	physics.optics	Application of the anisotropic bond model to second-harmonic generation from amorphous media	As a step toward analyzing second-harmonic generation ( SHG ) from crystalline Si nanospheres in glass , we develop an anisotropic bond model ( ABM ) that expresses SHG in terms of physically meaningful parameters and provides a detailed understanding of the basic physics of SHG on the atomic scale . Nonlinear-optical ( NLO ) responses are calculated classically via the four fundamental steps of optics : evaluate the local field at a given bond site , solve the force equation for the acceleration of the charge , calculate the resulting radiation , then superpose the radiation from all charges . The ABM goes beyond previous bond models by including the complete set of underlying contributions : retardation ( RD ) , spatial-dispersion ( SD ) , and magnetic ( MG ) effects , in addition to the anharmonic restoring force acting on the bond charge . We apply the ABM to obtain analytic expressions for SHG from amorphous materials under Gaussian-beam excitation . These materials represent an interesting test case not only because they are ubiquitous but also because the anharmonic-force contribution that dominates the SHG response of crystalline materials and ordered interfaces vanishes by symmetry . Using the paraxial-ray approximation , we reduce the results to the isotropic case in two limits , that where the linear restoring force dominates ( glasses ) , and that where it is absent ( metals ) . Both forward- and backscattering geometries are discussed . Estimated signal strengths and conversion efficiencies for fused silica appear to be in general agreement with data , where available . Predictions are made that allow additional critical tests of these results .
0712.0334	physics.atom-ph	Retrieval of electron-atom scattering cross sections from laser-induced electron rescattering of atomic negative ions in intense laser fields	We investigated the two-dimensional electron momentum distributions of atomic negative ions in an intense laser field by solving the time-dependent Schrodinger equation ( TDSE ) and using the first- and 2nd-order strong-field approximations ( SFA ) . We showed that photoelectron energy distributions and low-energy photoelectron momentum spectra predicted from SFA are in reasonable agreement with the solutions from the TDSE . More importantly , we showed that accurate electron-atom elastic scattering cross sections can be retrieved directly from high-energy electron momentum spectra of atomic negative ions in the laser field . This opens up the possibility of measuring electron-atom and electron-molecule scattering cross sections from the photodetachment of atomic and molecular negative ions by intense short lasers , respectively , with temporal resolutions in the order of femtoseconds .
0712.0337	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.dis-nn cond-mat.stat-mech q-fin.GN q-fin.TR	On the transition to efficiency in Minority Games	The existence of a phase transition with diverging susceptibility in batch Minority Games ( MGs ) is the mark of informationally efficient regimes and is linked to the specifics of the agents ' learning rules . Here we study how the standard scenario is affected in a mixed population game in which agents with the `optimal ' learning rule ( i.e . the one leading to efficiency ) coexist with ones whose adaptive dynamics is sub-optimal . Our generic finding is that any non-vanishing intensive fraction of optimal agents guarantees the existence of an efficient phase . Specifically , we calculate the dependence of the critical point on the fraction $ q $ of `optimal ' agents focusing our analysis on three cases : MGs with market impact correction , grand-canonical MGs and MGs with heterogeneous comfort levels .
0712.0351	physics.class-ph	Improved Time Domain Method to Measure Near-Field Distribution of Buried-Object	The paper analyses the ground antenna echo using microwave frequency detector and high speed sampling technology and a new method detecting buried object in time domain near-field is presented . The method detecting particular reflection echo frequency of microwave pulse via digital signal processing is to reduce the false alarm rate . Simulation results show that this method has advantages of easy identification and high precision .
0712.0364	physics.data-an cond-mat.stat-mech physics.ed-ph	Dynamics of Non-Conservative Voters	We study a family of opinion formation models in one dimension where the propensity for a voter to align with its local environment depends non-linearly on the fraction of disagreeing neighbors . Depending on this non-linearity in the voting rule , the population may exhibit a bias toward zero magnetization or toward consensus , and the average magnetization is generally not conserved . We use a decoupling approximation to truncate the equation hierarchy for multi-point spin correlations and thereby derive the probability to reach a final state of a given consensus as a function of the initial magnetization . The case when voters are influenced by more distant voters is also considered by investigating the Sznajd model .
0712.0371	physics.hist-ph hep-th	Jorge A. Swieca 's contributions to quantum field theory in the 60s and 70s and their relevance in present research	After revisiting some high points of particle physics and QFT of the two decades from 1960 to 1980 , I comment on the work by Jorge Andre Swieca . I explain how it fits into the quantum field theory during these two decades and draw attention to its relevance to the ongoing particle physics research . A particular aim of this article is to direct thr readers mindfulness to the relevance of what at the time of Swieca was called `` the Schwinger Higgs screening mechanism '' . which , together with recent ideas which generalize the concept of gauge theories , has all the ingredients to revolutionize the issue of gauge theories and the standard model .
0712.0373	physics.comp-ph physics.class-ph	Velocity , temperature and normal force dependence on friction : An analytical and molecular dynamic study	In this work we propose an extension to the analytical one-dimensional model proposed by E. Gnecco ( Phys . Rev . Lett . 84:1172 ) to describe friction . Our model includes normal forces and the dependence with the angular direction of movement in which the object is dragged over a surface . The presence of the normal force in the model allow us to define judiciously the friction coefficient , instead of introducing it as an { \sl a posteriori } concept . We compare the analytical results with molecular dynamics simulations . The simulated model corresponds to a tip sliding over a surface . The tip is simulated as a single particle interacting with a surface through a Lennard-Jones $ ( 6-12 ) $ potential . The surface is considered as consisting of a regular BCC ( 001 ) arrangement of particles interacting with each other through a Lennard-Jones $ ( 6-12 ) $ potential . We investigate the system under several conditions of velocity , temperature and normal forces . Our analytical results are in very good agreement with those obtained by the simulations and with experimental results from E. Riedo ( Phys . Rev . Lett . 91:084502 ) and Eui-Sung Yoon ( Wear 259:1424-1431 ) as well .
0712.0380	physics.pop-ph physics.gen-ph	Influence of a humidor on the aerodynamics of baseballs	We investigate whether storing baseballs in a controlled humidity environment significantly affects their aerodynamic properties . To do this , we measure the change in diameter and mass of baseballs as a function of relative humidity ( RH ) in which the balls are stored . We then model trajectories for pitched and batted baseballs to assess the difference between those stored at 30 % RH versus 50 % RH . The results show that a drier baseball may be expected to curve slightly more than a humidified one for a given pitch velocity . We also find that the aerodynamics alone would add ~2 feet to the distance a moister ball is hit . However , this is compensated by a ~6 foot reduction in batted distance due to the well known change in coefficient of restitution of the ball . We discuss consequences of these results for baseball played at Coors Field in Denver , where baseballs have been stored in a humidor at 50 % RH since 2002 .
0712.0415	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.dis-nn physics.comp-ph	Random and Longest Paths : Unnoticed Motifs of Complex Networks	Paths are important structural elements in complex networks because they are finite ( unlike walks ) , related to effective node coverage ( minimum spanning trees ) , and can be understood as being dual to star connectivity . This article introduces the concept of random path applies it for the investigation of structural properties of complex networks and as the means to estimate the longest path . Random paths are obtained by selecting one of the network nodes at random and performing a random self-avoiding walk ( here called path-walk ) until its termination . It is shown that the distribution of random paths are markedly different for diverse complex network models ( i.e . Erdos-Renyi , Barabasi-Albert , Watts-Strogatz , a geographical model , as well as two recently introduced path-based network types ) , with the BA structures yielding the shortest random walks , while the longest paths are produced by WS networks . Random paths are also explored as the means to estimate the longest paths ( i.e . several random paths are obtained and the longest taken ) . The convergence to the longest path and its properties ire characterized with respect to several networks models . Several results are reported and discussed , including the markedly distinct lengths of the longest paths obtained for the different network models .
0712.0432	physics.bio-ph cond-mat.stat-mech	The stochastic pump current and the non-adiabatic geometrical phase	We calculate a pump current in a classical two-state stochastic chemical kinetics by means of the non-adiabatic geometrical phase interpretation . The two-state system is attached to two particle reservoirs , and under a periodic perturbation of the kinetic rates , it gives rise to a pump current between the two-state system and the absorbing states . In order to calculate the pump current , the Floquet theory for the non-adiabatic geometrical phase is extended from a Hermitian case to a non-Hermitian case . The dependence of the pump current on the frequency of the perturbative kinetic rates is explicitly derived , and a stochastic resonance-like behavior is obtained .
