0710.5387	physics.gen-ph	Expansion and hidden dimensions in a new cosmological model	In this paper , we present a new cosmological model using fractal manifold . We prove that a space defined by this kind of manifold is an expanding space . This model provides us with consistent arguments pertaining to the relationship between variation of geometry and movement of matter . This study leads to the existence of new fundamental principles . A clear picture is then portrayed about the expansion of the universe represented by fractal manifold .
0710.5399	physics.bio-ph physics.comp-ph physics.flu-dyn	Following red blood cells in a pulmonary capillary	The red blood cells or erythrocytes are biconcave shaped cells and consist mostly in a membrane delimiting a cytosol with a high concentration in hemoglobin . This membrane is highly deformable and allows the cells to go through narrow passages like the capillaries which diameters can be much smaller than red blood cells one . They carry oxygen thanks to hemoglobin , a complex molecule that have very high affinity for oxygen . The capacity of erythrocytes to load and unload oxygen is thus a determinant factor in their efficacy . In this paper , we will focus on the pulmonary capillary where red blood cells capture oxygen . We propose a camera method in order to numerically study the behavior of the red blood cell along a whole capillary . Our goal is to understand how erythrocytes geometrical changes along the capillary can affect its capacity to capture oxygen . The first part of this document presents the model chosen for the red blood cells along with the numerical method used to determine and follow their shapes along the capillary . The membrane of the red blood cell is complex and has been modelled by an hyper-elastic approach coming from Mills et al ( 2004 ) . This camera method is then validated and confronted with a standard ALE method . Some geometrical properties of the red blood cells observed in our simulations are then studied and discussed . The second part of this paper deals with the modeling of oxygen and hemoglobin chemistry in the geometries obtained in the first part . We have implemented a full complex hemoglobin behavior with allosteric states inspired from Czerlinski et al ( 1999 ) .
0710.5441	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Community Detecting By Signaling on Complex Networks	Based on signaling process on complex networks , a method for identification community structure is proposed . For a network with $ n $ nodes , every node is assumed to be a system which can send , receive , and record signals . Each node is taken as the initial signal source once to inspire the whole network by exciting its neighbors and then the source node is endowed a $ n $ d vector which recording the effects of signaling process . So by this process , the topological relationship of nodes on networks could be transferred into the geometrical structure of vectors in $ n $ d Euclidian space . Then the best partition of groups is determined by $ F $ -statistic and the final community structure is given by Fuzzy $ C $ -means clustering method ( FCM ) . This method can detect community structure both in unweighted and weighted networks without any extra parameters . It has been applied to ad hoc networks and some real networks including Zachary Karate Club network and football team network . The results are compared with that of other approaches and the evidence indicates that the algorithm based on signaling process is effective .
0710.5444	physics.optics cond-mat.other physics.atom-ph	Light propagation in atomic Mott Insulators	We study radiation-matter interaction in a system of ultracold atoms trapped in an optical lattice in a Mott insulator phase . We develop a fully general quantum model , and we perform calculations for a one-dimensional geometry at normal incidence . Both two- and three-level $ \Lambda $ atomic configurations are studied . The polariton dispersion and the reflectivity spectra are characterized in the different regimes , for both semi-infinite and finite-size geometries . We apply this model to propose a photon energy lifter experiment : a device which is able to shift the carrier frequency of a slowly travelling wavepacket without affecting the pulse shape nor its coherence .
0710.5447	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Clusters in weighted macroeconomic networks : the EU case . Introducing the overlapping index of GDP/capita fluctuation correlations	GDP/capita correlations are investigated in various time windows ( TW ) , for the time interval 1990-2005 . The target group of countries is the set of 25 EU members , 15 till 2004 plus the 10 countries which joined EU later on . The TW-means of the statistical correlation coefficients are taken as the weights ( links ) of a fully connected network having the countries as nodes . Thereafter we define and introduce the overlapping index of weighted network nodes . A cluster structure of EU countries is derived from the statistically relevant eigenvalues and eigenvectors of the adjacency matrix . This may be considered to yield some information about the structure , stability and evolution of the EU country clusters in a macroeconomic sense .
0710.5463	physics.ins-det	First results of systematic studies done with different types of Silicon Photomultipliers	The presented results are obtained during the first steps taken in order to develop a setup and measurement procedures which allow to compare properties of diverse kinds of silicon photomultipliers . The response to low-intensity light was studied for silicon photomultipliers produced by CPTA ( Russia ) , Hamamatsu ( Japan ) , ITC-irst ( Italy ) and SensL ( Ireland ) .
0710.5479	physics.atom-ph	A Weyl function approach to matter-wave coherence and Talbot-Lau effects	Weyl functions conveniently describe the evolution of wave coherences in periodic or quadratic potentials . In this work we use Weyl functions to study the `` Talbot-Lau effect '' in a time-domain matter-wave interferometer . A `` displacement diagram '' is introduced to analyze and calculate the matter-wave interference for an atomic cloud in a quadratic potential that interacts with a sequence of short optical standing wave pulses producing an atomic grating echo . Unlike previous treatments , this new approach allows the atomic ensemble to have an arbitrary initial phase-space distribution , and the standing wave grating vectors to span three dimensions . Several examples are discussed to illustrate the convenience of the diagrammatic technique including the following : a two-dimensional Talbot-Lau effect , the shift in the echo time and the recoil phase for the interferometer perturbed by a quadratic potential ; and the realization of a time-domain `` Lau effect '' using a pulsed harmonic potential . The diagrammatic technique is applicable to diffraction gratings with arbitrary grating transmission functions . We conclude the paper with a general discussion on the Weyl function representations of matter-wave coherence , and relate the conservation of matter-wave coherence with the conservation of purity that distinguishes decoherence effects from dephasing effects .
0710.5494	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Transport Networks Revisited : Why Dual Graphs ?	Deterministic equilibrium flows in transport networks can be investigated by means of Markov 's processes defined on the dual graph representations of the network . Sustained movement patterns are generated by a subset of automorphisms of the graph spanning the spatial network of a city naturally interpreted as random walks . Random walks assign absolute scores to all nodes of a graph and embed space syntax into Euclidean space .
0710.5499	physics.chem-ph physics.atm-clus physics.bio-ph	Multiple scattering approach to low-energy electron collisions with the water dimer	Multiple scattering theory is applied to low-energy electron collisions with a complex target formed of two molecular scatterers . The total T-matrix is expressed in terms of the T-matrix for each isolated molecule . We apply the approach to elastic electron- ( H2O ) 2 collisions . Following the method developed in our previous work on crystalline ice , we impose a cut-off on the dipole outside the R-matrix sphere and an energy dependent cut-off on the angular momentum components of the monomer T-matrix . An R-matrix calculation of electron-dimer collisions is performed in order to evaluate the accuracy of the multiple scattering approach . The agreement between the two calculations is very good .
