0707.2401	physics.atom-ph	Enhancement of the formation of ultracold $ ^ { 85 } $ Rb $ _2 $ molecules due to resonant coupling	We have studied the effect of resonant electronic state coupling on the formation of ultracold ground-state $ ^ { 85 } $ Rb $ _2 $ . Ultracold Rb $ _2 $ molecules are formed by photoassociation ( PA ) to a coupled pair of $ 0_u^+ $ states , $ 0_u^+ ( P_ { 1/2 } ) $ and $ 0_u^+ ( P_ { 3/2 } ) $ , in the region below the $ 5S+5P_ { 1/2 } $ limit . Subsequent radiative decay produces high vibrational levels of the ground state , $ X ^1\Sigma_g^+ $ . The population distribution of these $ X $ state vibrational levels is monitored by resonance-enhanced two-photon ionization through the $ 2 ^1\Sigma_u^+ $ state . We find that the populations of vibrational levels $ v '' $ =112 $ - $ 116 are far larger than can be accounted for by the Franck-Condon factors for $ 0_u^+ ( P_ { 1/2 } ) \to X ^1\Sigma_g^+ $ transitions with the $ 0_u^+ ( P_ { 1/2 } ) $ state treated as a single channel . Further , the ground-state molecule population exhibits oscillatory behavior as the PA laser is tuned through a succession of $ 0_u^+ $ state vibrational levels . Both of these effects are explained by a new calculation of transition amplitudes that includes the resonant character of the spin-orbit coupling of the two $ 0_u^+ $ states . The resulting enhancement of more deeply bound ground-state molecule formation will be useful for future experiments on ultracold molecules .
0707.2431	physics.gen-ph	Quarkonium and hydrogen spectra with spin dependent relativistic wave equation	A non-linear non-perturbative relativistic atomic theory introduces spin in the dynamics of particle motion . The resulting energy levels of Hydrogen atom are exactly same as the Dirac theory . The theory accounts for the energy due to spin-orbit interaction and for the additional potential energy due to spin and spin-orbit coupling . Spin angular momentum operator is integrated into the equation of motion . This requires modification to classical Laplacian operator . Consequently the Dirac matrices and the k operator of Dirac 's theory are dispensed with . The theory points out that the curvature of the orbit draws on certain amount of kinetic and potential energies affecting the momentum of electron and the spin-orbit interaction energy constitutes a part of this energy . The theory is developed for spin 1/2 bound state single electron in Coulomb potential and then further extended to quarkonium physics by introducing the linear confining potential . The unique feature of this quarkonium model is that the radial distance can be exactly determined and does not have a statistical interpretation . The established radial distance is then used to determine the wave function . The observed energy levels are used as the input parameters and the radial distance and the string tension are predicted . This ensures 100 % conformance to all observed energy levels for the heavy quarkonium .
0707.2433	physics.atm-clus	Kilohertz laser ablation for doping helium nanodroplets	A new setup for doping helium nanodroplets by means of laser ablation at kilohertz repetition rate is presented . The doping process is characterized and two distinct regimes of laser ablation are identified . The setup is shown to be efficient and stable enough to be used for spectroscopy , as demonstrated on beam-depletion spectra of lithium atoms attached to helium nanodroplets . For the first time , helium droplets are doped with high temperature refractory materials such as titanium and tantalum . Doping with the non-volatile DNA basis Guanine is found to be efficient and a number of oligomers are detected .
0707.2437	physics.flu-dyn physics.comp-ph	Investigation of a lattice Boltzmann model with a variable speed of sound	A lattice Boltzmann model is considered in which the speed of sound can be varied independently of the other parameters . The range over which the speed of sound can be varied is investigated and good agreement is found between simulations and theory . The onset of nonlinear effects due to variations in the speed of sound is also investigated and good agreement is again found with theory . It is also shown that the fluid viscosity is not altered by changing the speed of sound .
0707.2457	physics.bio-ph	Glow Discharge AES : Methodological Peculiarities of Pulse Element Analysis and Flash Desorption	Different techniques of Glow Discharge AES are described in this paper . The most important parameters at such investigations are : the power of VHF-field , pressure of the inert gas and concentration of the easily ionizable additive , e.g . NaCl . The influences of these parameters were studied It is proposed a high sensitive flash desorption method , which enables investigation of the water desorption rate from humidified samples of biological origin , namely DNA and chromatin . The ways of minimizing of detection limit are considered as the most important characteristics of an analytical device . The concentration of any measured element is detectable if it correlates to the signal equal to tripled standard deviation of the results of background measurement . Electron temperature of the Helium has been evaluated by absorption rate at two lines of helium \lambda=353.828nm ; \lambda'=344.759nm that was equal to T_c ~ 15000 K .
0707.2461	physics.gen-ph	Bosons , Fermions and Branes	Starting from considerations of Bosons at the real life Compton scale we go on to a description of Fermions , specifically the Dirac equation in terms of an underlying noncommutative geometry described by the Dirac $ \gamma $ matrices and generalize this to branes in an underlying C-space ( with Clifford Algebra ) .
0707.2471	physics.plasm-ph	On the number of independent adiabatic invariants for gyrating particles	It is pointed out that the three established adiabatic invariants are separating invariants in the sense of Liouville . It is widely claimed that no more than three adiabatic invariants can exist for the motion of a point charge . However , additional independent ( not separating ) adiabatic invariants do exist . For a force free motion , the components of angular momentum provide two additional constants of motion . This result can be generalized to the Hamilton Jacobi equation . The number of independent constants of motion is reduced if there is a global symmetry . For a gyrating particle , neglecting a gyro helix type of invariant , four 'useful ' invariants could exist . A radial drift invariant , corresponding to the average of the radial coordinate of the particle , is a constant of motion for a confined gyrating particle . For the special case of a screw pinch where each gyro center moves on a magnetic flux surface without mirror trapping , the radial drift invariant is the radial coordinate of the gyro center . For a screw pinch , the set of constants of motion consising of the energy , parallel velocity and radial drift invariant is convenient to model the equilibrium . Local Maxwellian distribution functions expressed in this set of invariants are demonstrated to provide MHD-type of equilibria , for which it is straightforward to model the radial profiles of the particle and field components .
0707.2479	physics.data-an	Detecting synchronization clusters in multivariate time series via coarse-graining of Markov chains	Synchronization cluster analysis is an approach to the detection of underlying structures in data sets of multivariate time series , starting from a matrix R of bivariate synchronization indices . A previous method utilized the eigenvectors of R for cluster identification , analogous to several recent attempts at group identification using eigenvectors of the correlation matrix . All of these approaches assumed a one-to-one correspondence of dominant eigenvectors and clusters , which has however been shown to be wrong in important cases . We clarify the usefulness of eigenvalue decomposition for synchronization cluster analysis by translating the problem into the language of stochastic processes , and derive an enhanced clustering method harnessing recent insights from the coarse-graining of finite-state Markov processes . We illustrate the operation of our method using a simulated system of coupled Lorenz oscillators , and we demonstrate its superior performance over the previous approach . Finally we investigate the question of robustness of the algorithm against small sample size , which is important with regard to field applications .
0707.2485	physics.flu-dyn	Spectral analysis of boundary layers in Rayleigh-Benard convection	A combined experimental and numerical study of the boundary layer in a 4:1 aspect-ratio Rayleigh-B\ ' { e } nard cell over a four-decade range of Rayleigh numbers has been undertaken aimed at gaining a better insight into the character of the boundary layers . The experiments involved the simultaneous Laser Doppler Anemometry ( LDA ) measurements of fluid velocity at two locations , i.e . in the boundary layer and far away from it in the bulk , for Rayleigh numbers varying between $ 1.6 \times 10^7 $ and $ 2.4 \times 10^9 $ . In parallel , direct numerical simulations ( DNS ) have been performed for the same configuration for Rayleigh numbers between $ 7.0 \times 10^4 $ and $ 7.7 \times 10^7 $ . The temperature and velocity probability density functions and the power spectra of the horizontal velocity fluctuations measured in the boundary layer and in the bulk flow are found to be practically identical . Except for the smallest Rayleigh numbers , the spectra in the boundary layer and in the bulk central region are continuous and have a wide range of active scales . This indicates that both the bulk and the boundary layers are turbulent in the $ \textrm { Ra } $ number range considered . However , molecular effects can still be observed and the boundary layer does not behave like a classical shear-driven turbulent boundary layer .
0707.2498	physics.flu-dyn astro-ph	Subcritical dynamo bifurcation in the Taylor Green flow	We report direct numerical simulations of dynamo generation for flow generated using a Taylor-Green forcing . We find that the bifurcation is subcritical , and show its bifurcation diagram . We connect the associated hysteretic behavior with hydrodynamics changes induced by the action of the Lorentz force . We show the geometry of the dynamo magnetic field and discuss how the dynamo transition can be induced when an external field is applied to the flow .
0707.2507	physics.class-ph	Surface oscillations in channeled snow flows	An experimental device has been built to measure velocity profiles and friction laws in channeled snow flows . The measurements show that the velocity depends linearly on the vertical position in the flow and that the friction coefficient is a first-order polynomial in velocity ( u ) and thickness ( h ) of the flow . In all flows , oscillations on the surface of the flow were observed throughout the channel and measured at the location of the probes . The experimental results are confronted with a shallow water approach . Using a Saint-Venant modeling , we show that the flow is effectively uniform in the streamwise direction at the measurement location . We show that the surface oscillations produced by the Archimedes 's screw at the top of the channel persist throughout the whole length of the channel and are the source of the measured oscillations . This last result provides good validation of the description of such channeled snow flows by a Saint-Venant modeling .
0707.2514	physics.flu-dyn	Radiation-cooled Dew Water Condensers Studied by Computational Fluid Dynamic ( CFD )	Harvesting condensed atmospheric vapour as dew water can be an alternative or complementary potable water resource in specific arid or insular areas . Such radiation-cooled condensing devices use already existing flat surfaces ( roofs ) or innovative structures with more complex shapes to enhance the dew yield . The Computational Fluid Dynamic - CFD - software PHOENICS has been programmed and applied to such radiation cooled condensers . For this purpose , the sky radiation is previously integrated and averaged for each structure . The radiative balance is then included in the CFD simulation tool to compare the efficiency of the different structures under various meteorological parameters , for complex or simple shapes and at various scales . It has been used to precise different structures before construction . ( 1 ) a 7.32 m^2 funnel shape was studied ; a 30 degree tilted angle ( 60 degree cone half-angle ) was computed to be the best compromise for funnel cooling . Compared to a 1 m^2 flat condenser , the cooling efficiency was expected to be improved by 40 % . Seventeen months measurements in outdoor tests presented a 138 % increased dew yield as compared to the 1 m^2 flat condenser . ( 2 ) The simulation results for 5 various condenser shapes were also compared with experimental measurement on corresponding pilots systems : 0.16 m^2 flat planar condenser , 1 m^2 and 30 degree tilted planar condenser , 30 m^2 and 30 degree tilted planar condenser , 255 m^2 multi ridges , a preliminary construction of a large scale dew plant being implemented in the Kutch area ( Gujarat , India ) .
0707.2520	physics.gen-ph physics.class-ph	Schwinger 's Magnetic Model of Matter : Can It Help Us With Grand Unification ?	Many have argued that research on grand unification or local realistic physics will not be truly relevant until it makes predictions verified by experiment , different from the prediction of prior theory ( the standard model ) . This paper proposes a new strategy ( and candidate Lagrangians ) for such models ; that strategy in turn calls for reconsideration of Schwinger 's magnetic model of matter . High priority should be given to experiments which fully confirm or deny recent scattering calculations which suggest the presence of van der Waals effects in low energy p-p and pi-pi scattering , consistent with Schwinger's model and inconsistent with QCD as we know it ( with a mass gap ) . I briefly discuss other evidence , which does not yet rule out Schwinger 's theory . A recent analysis of hadron masses also seems more consistent with the Schwinger model than with QCD .
0707.2536	physics.gen-ph	On Lee Smolin 's The Trouble with Physics	Lee Smolin 's casual accounting of special and general relativity in The Trouble with Physics raises an interesting question : is it possible to develop a legitimate argument concerning string theories starting from a shaky basis ? This is apparently what Lee Smolin succeeded in doing when he wrote The Trouble with Physics . The book 's shortcomings are nevertheless troublesome .
0707.2543	physics.ins-det	Development of Tracking Detectors with industrially produced GEM Foils	The planned tracking upgrade of the STAR experiment at RHIC includes a large-area GEM tracker used to determine the charge sign of electrons and positrons produced from W+ ( - ) decays . For such a large-scale project commercial availability of GEM foils is necessary . We report first results obtained with a triple GEM detector using GEM foils produced by Tech-Etch Inc. of Plymouth , MA , USA . Measurements of gain uniformity , long-term stability as well as measurements of the energy resolution for X-Rays are compared to results obtained with an identical detector using GEM foils produced at CERN . A quality assurance procedure based on optical tests using an automated high-resolution scanner has been established , allowing a study of the correlation of the observed behavior of the detector and the geometrical properties of the GEM foils . Detectors based on Tech-Etch and CERN produced foils both show good uniformity of the gain over the active area and stable gain after an initial charge-up period , making them well suited for precision tracking applications .
0707.2546	physics.atom-ph	High-order harmonic generation from diatomic molecules with large internuclear distance : The effect of two-center interference	In the present paper , we investigate the high-order harmonic generation ( HHG ) from diatomic molecules with large internuclear distance using a strong field approximation ( SFA ) model . We find that the hump and dip structure emerges in the plateau region of the harmonic spectrum , and the location of this striking structure is sensitive to the laser intensity . Our model analysis reveals that two-center interference as well as the interference between different recombination electron trajectories are responsible for the unusual enhanced or suppressed harmonic yield at a certain order , and these interference effects are greatly influenced by the laser parameters such as intensity .
0707.2552	physics.optics	Observations of interior whispering gallery modes in asymmetric optical resonators with rational caustics	We propose asymmetric resonant cavities with rational caustics and experimentally demonstrate interior whispering gallery modes in monolithic silicon mesoscopic microcavities . These microcavities demonstrate unique robustness of cavity quality factor ( Q ) against roughness Rayleigh scattering . Angle-resolved tapered fiber measurements and near-field images observe distinct resonant families and asymmetric emission from interior whispering gallery modes , which can be used for microcavity laser and CQED applications .
0707.2569	physics.comp-ph physics.chem-ph	A Particle-Particle , Particle-Density ( P3D ) algorithm for the calculation of electrostatic interactions of particles with slab-like geometry	We present a fast and accurate method to calculate the electrostatic energy and forces of interacting particles with the boundary conditions appropriate to surfaces , i.e periodic in the two directions parallel to the surface and free in the perpendicular direction . In the spirit of the Ewald method the problem is divided into a short range and long range part . The charge density responsible for the long range part is represented by plane waves in the periodic directions and by finite elements in the non-periodic direction . Our method has computational complexity of O ( N_g log ( N_g ) ) with a very small prefactor , where N_g is the number of grid points .
