0707.0337	physics.atm-clus physics.chem-ph	Stability , Reactivity , and Aromaticity of Compounds of a Multivalent Superatom	In this communication we analyze the stability , reactivity and possible aromatic behavior of two recently reported clusters ( Reveles J. U. ; Khanna S. N. ; Roach P. J. ; Castleman A. W. jr. Proc . Natl . Acad . Sci , 2006 , 103 , 18405 ) , viz. , Al7C- and Al7O- in the light of the principles of the maximum hardness and minimum electrophilicity as well as the nucleus independent chemical shift values .
0707.0350	physics.class-ph	A new concept and design of ferrite-based microwave vortex devices	In microwave resonant systems with ferrite samples , one becomes faced with specific phase relations for the electromagnetic fields . Such specific phase relations may lead to appearance of nontrivial states : electromagnetic vortices . This paper provides some general ideas and design principles for microwave devices with the field vortex structures .
0707.0374	physics.ins-det physics.acc-ph	Vibration diagnostics instrumentation for ILC	The future e-e+ 500 GeV International Linear Collider will rely on unprecedented nanometer scale particle beam size at the interaction point , in order to achieve the design luminosity . Tight tolerances on static and dynamic alignment of the accelerator cavities and optical components are demanded to transport and focus the high energy electron and positron beams with reasonable position jitter and low emittance . A brief review of techniques and devices evaluated and developed so far for the vibration diagnostics of the machine is presented in this paper .
0707.0379	physics.atom-ph	Dependence of Resonant Absorption Linewidth on Atomic Vapour Column Thickness for D1 Line of Cs Atoms Confined in Nano-Cell	A new nano-cell with smoothly varying longitudinal thickness of the atomic vapour layer L in the range of 350 - 5100 nm allowing to study the resonant absorption of D1 and D2 lines of Cs atoms for thicknesses changing from L = Lambda/2 to L = 6 Lambda with the step of Lambda/2 ( Lambda = 852 nm or 894 nm are the resonant laser wavelengths ) and for different intensities is developed . It is revealed that for low laser intensities there is narrowing of the resonant absorption spectrum for the thicknesses L = ( 2n + 1 ) Lambda/2 ( where n is an integer ) up to L = 7Lambda /2 and broadening of the spectrum for L = n Lambda . For relatively high laser intensity ( > 1 mW/cm2 ) , velocity selective optical pumping/saturated resonances of a reduced absorption ( with the line-width close to the natural one ) , and centred on the hyperfine transitions occur when L = n Lambda . The possible application of these resonance peaks is given . The developed theoretical model describes well the experiment .
0707.0415	physics.optics	Surface Encapsulation for Low-Loss Silicon Photonics	Encapsulation layers are explored for passivating the surfaces of silicon to reduce optical absorption in the 1500-nm wavelength band . Surface-sensitive test structures consisting of microdisk resonators are fabricated for this purpose . Based on previous work in silicon photovoltaics , coatings of SiNx and SiO2 are applied under varying deposition and annealing conditions . A short dry thermal oxidation followed by a long high-temperature N2 anneal is found to be most effective at long-term encapsulation and reduction of interface absorption . Minimization of the optical loss is attributed to simultaneous reduction in sub-bandgap silicon surface states and hydrogen in the capping material .
0707.0435	physics.optics physics.atom-ph	Spectrally resolved optical frequency comb from a self-referenced 5 GHz femtosecond laser	We report a mode-locked Ti : sapphire femtosecond laser with 5GHz repetition rate . Spectral broadening of the 24 fs pulses in a microstructured fiber yields an octave-spanning spectrum and permits self-referencing and active stabilization of the emitted femtosecond laser frequency comb ( FLFC ) . The individual modes of the 5GHz FLFC are resolved with a high-resolution spectrometer based on a virtually imaged phased array ( VIPA ) spectral disperser . Isolation of single comb elements at a microwatt average power level is demonstrated . The combination of the high-power , frequency-stabilized 5GHz laser and the straightforward resolution of its many modes will benefit applications in direct frequency comb spectroscopy . Additionally , such a stabilized FLFC should serve as a useful tool for direct mode-by-mode Fourier synthesis of arbitrary optical waveforms .
0707.0440	physics.flu-dyn	Lagrangian Particle Statistics in Turbulent Flows from a Simple Vortex Model	The statistics of Lagrangian particles in turbulent flows is considered in the framework of a simple vortex model . Here , the turbulent velocity field is represented by a temporal sequence of Burgers vortices of different circulation , strain , and orientation . Based on suitable assumptions about the vortices ' statistical properties , the statistics of the velocity increments is derived . In particular , the origin and nature of small-scale intermittency in this model is investigated both numerically and analytically .
0707.0457	physics.flu-dyn	Density of critical points for a Gaussian random function	Critical points of a scalar quantitiy are either extremal points or saddle points . The character of the critical points is determined by the sign distribution of the eigenvalues of the Hessian matrix . For a two-dimensional homogeneous and isotropic random function topological arguments are sufficient to show that all possible sign combinations are equidistributed or with other words , the density of the saddle points and extrema agree . This argument breaks down in three dimensions . All ratios of the densities of saddle points and extrema larger than one are possible . For a homogeneous Gaussian random field one finds no longer an equidistribution of signs , saddle points are slightly more frequent .
0707.0477	physics.optics physics.ins-det	Alternative Approach to 3D Displaying	A method for displaying volumetric images , which exploits our binocular vision and does not require eyewear , is discussed . The display can be rendered as a matrix of pivoting micromirrors irradiated by a light beam ; each micromirror focuses its pixel beams to the same point of displayed volumetric image . 3D perception of image can be achieved by scanning the point of beams intersection over a virtual surface of displayed image in space .
0707.0493	physics.plasm-ph	A comment on `Wave-breaking Limits for relativistic electrostatic waves in a one-dimensional warm plasma ' Phys . Plasmas 13 123102 by R. M. G. M. Trines and P. A. Norreys	Trines and Norreys state that a principle aim of their work on warm wave-breaking was `` to create some order in the diverse landscape of warm fluid models and establish which model is most suitable for the study of wave breaking in thermal plasma . '' Unfortunately , we must conclude that they have obfuscated more than they have clarified , and have advanced the waterbag model only by exaggerating or misstating its benefits while mischaracterizing features of alternative warm fluid theories .
0707.0504	physics.bio-ph physics.gen-ph	Experimental Free Energy Surface Reconstruction From Single-Molecule Force Spectroscopy Using Jarzynski 's Equality	We used the atomic force microscope to manipulate and unfold individual molecules of the titin I27 domain and reconstructed its free energy surface using Jarzynski 's equality . The free energy surface for both stretching and unfolding was reconstructed using an exact formula that relates the nonequilibrium work fluctuations to the molecular free energy . In addition , the unfolding free energy barrier , i.e . the activation energy , was directly obtained from experimental data for the first time . This work demonstrates that Jarzynski 's equality can be used to analyze nonequilibrium single-molecule experiments , and to obtain the free energy surfaces for molecular systems , including interactions for which only nonequilibrium work can be measured .
0707.0510	physics.comp-ph	Computational coarse graining of a randomly forced 1-D Burgers equation	We explore a computational approach to coarse graining the evolution of the large-scale features of a randomly forced Burgers equation in one spatial dimension . The long term evolution of the solution energy spectrum appears self-similar in time . We demonstrate coarse projective integration and coarse dynamic renormalization as tools that accelerate the extraction of macroscopic information ( integration in time , self-similar shapes , and nontrivial dynamic exponents ) from short bursts of appropriately initialized direct simulation . These procedures solve numerically an effective evolution equation for the energy spectrum without ever deriving this equation in closed form .
