0709.0582	physics.class-ph gr-qc hep-th	Kinematics of deformable media	We investigate the kinematics of deformations in two and three dimensional media by explicitly solving ( analytically ) the evolution equations ( Raychaudhuri equations ) for the expansion , shear and rotation associated with the deformations . The analytical solutions allow us to study the dependence of the kinematical quantities on initial conditions . In particular , we are able to identify regions of the space of initial conditions that lead to a singularity in finite time . Some generic features of the deformations are also discussed in detail . We conclude by indicating the feasibility and utility of a similar exercise for fluid and geodesic flows in flat and curved spacetimes .
0709.0601	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph	Pulse-Bandwidth Dependence of Coherent Phase Control of Resonance-Mediated ( 2+1 ) Three-Photon Absorption	We study in detail coherent phase control of femtosecond resonance-mediated ( 2+1 ) three-photon absorption and its dependence on the spectral bandwidth of the excitation pulse . The regime is the weak-field regime of third perturbative order . The corresponding interference mechanism involves a group of three-photon excitation pathways that are on resonance with the intermediate state and a group of three-photon excitation pathways that are near resonant with it . The model system of the study is atomic sodium ( Na ) , for which experimental and numerical-theoretical results are obtained . Prominent among the results is our finding that with simple proper pulse shaping an increase in the excitation bandwidth leads to a corresponding increase in the enhancement of the three-photon absorption over the absorption induced by the ( unshaped ) transform-limited pulse . For example , here , a 40-nm bandwidth leads to an order-of-magnitude enhancement over the transform-limited absorption .
0709.0615	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph	Frequency-Domain Coherent Control of Femtosecond Two-Photon Absorption : Intermediate-Field vs. Weak-Field Regime	Coherent control of femtosecond two-photon absorption in the intermediate-field regime is analyzed in detail in the powerful frequency domain using an extended 4th-order perturbative description . The corresponding absorption is coherently induced by the weak-field non-resonant two-photon transitions as well as by four-photon transitions involving three absorbed photons and one emitted photons . The interferences between these two groups of transitions lead to a difference between the intermediate-field and weak-field absorption dynamics . The corresponding interference nature ( constructive or destructive ) strongly depends on the detuning direction of the pulse spectrum from half the two-photon transition frequency . The model system of the study is atomic sodium , for which both experimental and theoretical results are obtained . The detailed understanding obtained here serves as a basis for coherent control with rationally-shaped femtosecond pulses in a regime of sizable absorption yields .
0709.0628	physics.flu-dyn	Lagrangian Investigation of Two-Dimensional Decaying Turbulence	We present a numerical investigation of two-dimensional decaying turbulence in the Lagrangian framework . Focusing on single particle statistics , we investigate Lagrangian trajectories in a freely evolving turbulent velocity field . The dynamical evolution of the tracer particles is strongly dominated by the emergence and evolution of coherent structures . For a statistical analysis we focus on the Lagrangian acceleration as a central quantity . For more geometrical aspects we investigate the curvature along the trajectories . We find strong signatures for self-similar universal behavior .
0709.0641	physics.optics physics.atom-ph	Coherent control for the spherical symmetric box potential in short and intensive XUV laser fields	Coherent control calculations are presented for a spherically symmetric box potential for non-resonant two photon transition probabilities . With the help of a genetic algorithm ( GA ) the population of the excited states are maximized and minimized . The external driving field is a superposition of three intensive extreme ultraviolet ( XUV ) linearly polarized laser pulses with different frequencies in the femtosecond duration range . We solved the quantum mechanical problem within the dipole approximation . Our investigation clearly shows that the dynamics of the electron current has a strong correlation with the optimized and neutralizing pulse shape .
0709.0661	physics.atom-ph	Unresolved Classical Electromagnetic Aspects of the Aharonov-Bohm Phase Shift	The long-standing controversy regarding the Aharonov-Bohm phase shift is reviewed . The shifts of both optical and particle interference patterns are summarized . It is pointed out that a line of electric dipoles and a line of magnetic dipoles ( a long solenoid ) both produce experimentally observed phase shifts similar to that produced by introducing a rectangular block of glass behind one slit of a double-slit interference pattern ; the double-slit pattern is shifted while the single-slit envelope remains undisplaced . The quantum explanation for the magnetic interference pattern shift introduced by Aharonov and Bohm in 1959 involves completely different ideas from those suggested by a semiclassical analysis . Experiments planned by Caprez , Barwick , and Batelaan should clarify the connections between classical and quantum theories in connection with the Ahronov-Bohm phase shift .
0709.0682	physics.med-ph q-bio.NC	Pressure sensor-based tongue-placed electrotactile biofeedback for balance improvement - Biomedical application to prevent pressure sores formation and falls	We introduce the innovative technologies , based on the concept of `` sensory substitution '' , we are developing in the fields of biomedical engineering and human disability . Precisely , our goal is to design , develop and validate practical assistive biomedical and/or technical devices and/or rehabilitating procedures for persons with disabilities , using artificial tongue-placed tactile biofeedback systems . Proposed applications are dealing with : ( 1 ) pressure sores prevention in case of spinal cord injuries ( persons with paraplegia , or tetraplegia ) ; and ( 2 ) balance control improvement to prevent fall in older and/or disabled adults . This paper describes the architecture and the functioning principle of these biofeedback systems and presents preliminary results of two feasibility studies performed on young healthy adults .
0709.0683	physics.med-ph	Framework for a low-cost intra-operative image-guided neuronavigator including brain shift compensation	In this paper we present a methodology to address the problem of brain tissue deformation referred to as 'brain-shift ' . This deformation occurs throughout a neurosurgery intervention and strongly alters the accuracy of the neuronavigation systems used to date in clinical routine which rely solely on pre-operative patient imaging to locate the surgical target , such as a tumour or a functional area . After a general description of the framework of our intra-operative image-guided system , we describe a procedure to generate patient specific finite element meshes of the brain and propose a biomechanical model which can take into account tissue deformations and surgical procedures that modify the brain structure , like tumour or tissue resection .
0709.0685	physics.hist-ph astro-ph gr-qc	Not Only Because of Theory : Dyson , Eddington and the Competing Myths of the 1919 Eclipse Expedition	The 1919 Eclipse Expedition to test the light-bending prediction of General Relativity remains one of the most famous physics experiments of the 20th century . However , in recent decades it has been increasingly often alleged that the data-analysis of the expedition 's leaders was faulty and biased in favor of Einstein 's theory . Arthur Stanley Eddington is particularly alleged to have been prejudiced in favor of general relativity . Specifically it is claimed that some of the data , which would have favored the so-called Newtonian prediction , was thrown out on dubious grounds . This paper argues that a close examination of the views of the expedition 's organizers , and of their data analysis , suggests that they had good grounds for acting as they did , and that the key people involved , in particular the astronomer Frank Watson Dyson , were not biased in favor of Einstein . It also draws attention to a modern re-analysis of the most important eclipse plates which , though overlooked until now , tends to strongly support the thesis of this paper .
0709.0686	physics.med-ph	Bio-Mechanical Model of the Brain for a Per-Operative Image-Guided Neuronavigator Compensating for `` Brain-Shift '' Deformations	In this paper we present a methodology to address the problem of brain tissue deformation referred to as 'brain-shift ' . This deformation occurs throughout a neurosurgery intervention and strongly alters the accuracy of the neuronavigation systems used to date in clinical routine which rely solely on pre-operative patient imaging to locate the surgical target , such as a tumour or a functional area . After a general description of the framework of our intra-operative image-guided system , we describe a procedure to generate patient specific finite element meshes of the brain and propose a biomechanical model which can take into account tissue deformations and surgical procedures that modify the brain structure , like tumour or tissue resection .
0709.0687	physics.gen-ph	On the concept of relativistic mass	Within the past fifteen years the use of the concept of `` relativistic mass '' has been on the decline and has been replaced by the concept of `` proper mass '' ( aka `` rest mass '' ) - ? simply referred to as `` mass '' and labeled `` m '' by its proponents . This decline in usage appears to be due to arguments presented in several journal articles over the last thirty-five years , as well as to standard practices in the field of particle physics . The aforementioned debate consists of arguments as to how the term `` mass '' should be defined to maximize logic as well as to be less confusing to the layman and people just starting to learn relativity . Lacking in the debate is a clear definition of all types of mass and all its usages in a wide variety of cases . The purpose in this article is to bring a unifying perspective to the subject . In doing so I will explore those things omitted from previous articles on this subject including the importance of point particles vs. extended objects ; open vs. closed systems and gravitational mass . Although I argue for the usage of relativistic mass I do '' not '' argue that proper mass is not an important tool in relativistic dynamics .
0709.0689	physics.med-ph q-bio.NC	A Plantar-pressure Based Tongue-placed Tactile Biofeedback System for Balance Improvement	Maintaining an upright stance represents a complex task , which is achieved by integrating sensory information from the visual , vestibular and somatosensory systems . When one of these sensory inputs becomes unavailable and/or inaccurate and/or unreliable , postural control generally is degraded . One way to solve this problem is to supplement and/or substitute limited/altered/missing sensory information by providing additional sensory information to the central nervous system via an alternative sensory modality . Along these lines , we developed an original biofeedback system [ 1 ] whose underlying principle consists in supplying the user with supplementary sensory information related to foot sole pressure distribution through a tongue-placed output device ( Tongue Display Unit , `` TDU '' [ 2 ] ) . The purpose of the present experiment was to assess its effectiveness in improving balance in young healthy adults .
0709.0701	physics.soc-ph	Statistical mechanics of non-hamiltonian systems : Traffic flow	Statistical mechanics of a small system of cars on a single-lane road is developed . The system is not characterized by a Hamiltonian but by a conditional probability of a velocity of a car for the given velocity and distance of the car ahead . Distribution of car velocities for various densities of a group of cars are derived as well as probabilities of density fluctuations of the group for different velocities . For high braking abilities of cars free-flow and congested phases are found . Platoons of cars are formed for system of cars with inefficient brakes . A first order phase transition between free-flow and congested phase is suggested .
0709.0719	physics.bio-ph	Estimation of Possible Selectivity and Sensitivity of a Cooperative System to Low-Intensive Microwave Radiation	Recently , origins of non-deterministic behavior and free will in living systems obtain growing interest ( see , e.g . Maye A , Hsieh C , Sugihara G , Brembs B ( 2007 ) Order in Spontaneous Behavior . PLoS ONE 2 ( 5 ) : e443 . doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0000443 ) . In this text , devoted to electromagnetic hypersensitivity , in n.2 and n.4 , a possible physical mechanism of free will and consequent indeterminacy in behavior is discussed .
0709.0723	physics.bio-ph physics.comp-ph	Viscous regularization and r-adaptive remeshing for finite element analysis of lipid membrane mechanics	As two-dimensional fluid shells , lipid bilayer membranes resist bending and stretching but are unable to sustain shear stresses . This property gives membranes the ability to adopt dramatic shape changes . In this paper , a finite element model is developed to study static equilibrium mechanics of membranes . In particular , a viscous regularization method is proposed to stabilize tangential mesh deformations and improve the convergence rate of nonlinear solvers . The Augmented Lagrangian method is used to enforce global constraints on area and volume during membrane deformations . As a validation of the method , equilibrium shapes for a shape-phase diagram of lipid bilayer vesicle are calculated . These numerical techniques are also shown to be useful for simulations of three-dimensional large-deformation problems : the formation of tethers ( long tube-like exetensions ) ; and Ginzburg-Landau phase separation of a two-lipid-component vesicle . To deal with the large mesh distortions of the two-phase model , modification of vicous regularization is explored to achieve r-adaptive mesh optimization .
0709.0744	physics.ins-det	The High Voltage Feedthroughs for the ATLAS Liquid Argon Calorimeters	The purpose , design specifications , construction techniques , and testing methods are described for the high voltage feedthrough ports and filters of the ATLAS Liquid Argon calorimeters . These feedthroughs carry about 5000 high voltage wires from a room-temperature environment ( 300 K ) through the cryostat walls to the calorimeters cells ( 89 K ) while maintaining the electrical and cryogenic integrity of the system . The feedthrough wiring and filters operate at a maximum high voltage of 2.5 kV without danger of degradation by corona discharges or radiation at the Large Hadron Collider .
0709.0758	physics.ins-det	Simulation of an All-Silicon Tracker	We present recent improvements in the performance of the reconstruction of non-prompt track in the SiD Detector Concept Design , including initial results on the effect of longitudinal segmentation in the SiD tracker . We also describe a generic tracking validation package developed at SCIPP .
0709.0768	physics.ins-det	Muon Identification without Iron	Muons can be identified with high efficiency and purity and reconstructed with high precision is a detector with a dual readout calorimeter and a dual solenoid to return the flux without iron . We shown CERN test beam data for the calorimeter and calculations for the magnetic fields and the track reconstruction . For isolated tracks , the rejection of pions against muons ranges from $ 10^3 $ at 20 GeV/c to $ 10^5 $ at 300 GeV/c .
