0709.3902	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Optical Stern Gerlach Effect beyond the rotating wave approximation	We show that the inclusion of counter rotating terms , usually dropped , in the interaction Hamiltonian of the electric dipole of a two level atom with an electromagnetic field leads to significant modification of the splitting of an atomic beam known as Optical Stern Gerlach Effect which now acquires a fine structure .
0709.3926	physics.acc-ph	Radiation of photons in process of charge particle volume reflection in bent single crystal	New type of radiation in crystals is predicted and investigated in computer simulation . It is shown that process of volume reflection of electrons and positrons in bent crystals is accomplished with high-power radiation of photons . Volume reflection radiation has intensity comparable with known channeling radiation , but it is less sensitive to entrance angle and sign of charge of a particle . Simulated spectra of radiation power are presented for 10 GeV and 200GeV particles .
0709.3934	physics.optics physics.comp-ph	Electromagnetic Field Simulations of Isolated and Periodic 3D Photomask Patterns	We present rigorous 3D EMF simulations of isolated features on photomasks using a newly developed finite-element method . We report on the current status of the finite-element solver JCMsuite , incorporating higher-order edge elements , adaptive refinement methods , and fast solution algorithms . We demonstrate that rigorous and accurate results on light scattering off isolated features can be achived at relatively low computational cost , compared to the standard approach of simulations on large-pitch , periodic computational domains .
0709.3976	physics.geo-ph	Dynamic Behaviour of the first instrumented building in France : The Grenoble Town Hall	The French Accelerometric Network ( RAP ) launched in November 2004 a marked operation for the seismic behaviour assessment of a typical French building . The main goal of this project is to collect accelerometric data in the building and use them to calibrate models or alternative tools used for the seismic behaviour assessment . The final goal of this project is to help the vulnerability assessment of cities in moderate seismic hazard countries . The French Accelerometric Network ( RAP ) chose to install a permanent network of 6 accelerometers recording continuously the vibrations of the Grenoble City Hall at the basement and at the top . The 13-story building is a RC shear walls building , typical of the RC structures designed at the end of the 60 's in France . All the data collected in the building are available on the online access database of the RAP . In addition to the permanent network , an ambient vibration experiment has been performed in 36 points of the whole building . Using the Frequency Domain Decomposition method , these data allowed estimating precisely the different modes of vibration of the structure for low amplitudes . Only the first bending modes in each direction ( 1.15 and 1.22 Hz ) and the first torsion mode ( 1.44 Hz ) are excited . We compared the frequencies obtained using ambient vibration to those for a moderate earthquake recorded by the permanent network . Thanks to the continuous recording , a statistical approach of the torsion mode pointed out the position of the centre of rotation of the building . A modal model extracted from ambient vibrations is proposed and validated thanks to the earthquake recordings collected in the building during the ML=4.6 , September 8th 2005 Vallorcine ( Haute-Savoie , France ) earthquake .
0709.4012	physics.geo-ph physics.class-ph	Seismic Risk Scenario in Grenoble ( FRANCE ) Using Experimental Dynamic Properties of Buildings	Assessing the vulnerability of a large set of buildings using sophisticated methods can be very time consuming and at a prohibitive cost , particularly for a moderate seismic hazard country like France . We propose here a low-cost analysis using an experimental approach to extract the elastic behaviour of existing buildings . An elastic modal model is proposed for the different types of building tested in Grenoble ( France ) thanks to their experimental modal parameters ( resonance frequencies , modal shapes and damping ) , which are estimated using ambient vibrations surveys . Sixty buildings of various types were recorded . The building integrity is then calculated considering an accelerogram scenario provided by seismologists as input and considering an integrity threshold based on the FEMA inter-storey drift limits . Even if the level of damage remains unknown , we conclude that masonry buildings undergo more damage ( 70 % of buildings damaged ) than RC buildings . Finally , extracting modal parameters from ambient vibration recordings allows us to define , for each class of building , its ability to support seismic deformation in case of earthquake .
0709.4024	physics.pop-ph gr-qc hep-th math-ph math.MP	Shut up and calculate	I advocate an extreme `` shut-up-and-calculate '' approach to physics , where our external physical reality is assumed to be purely mathematical . This brief essay motivates this `` it 's all just equations '' assumption and discusses its implications .
0709.4032	physics.atom-ph	High-resolution saturation spectroscopy of singly-ionized iron with a pulsed uv laser	We describe the design and realization of a scheme for uv laser spectroscopy of singly-ionized iron ( Fe II ) with very high resolution . A buffer-gas cooled laser ablation source is used to provide a plasma close to room temperature with a high density of Fe II . We combine this with a scheme for pulsed-laser saturation spectroscopy to yield sub-Doppler resolution . In a demonstration experiment , we have examined an Fe II transition near 260 nm , attaining a linewidth of about 250 MHz . The method is well-suited to measuring transition frequencies and hyperfine structure . It could also be used to measure small isotope shifts in isotope-enriched samples .
0709.4042	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech	Lack of consensus in social systems	We propose an exactly solvable model for the dynamics of voters in a two-party system . The opinion formation process is modeled on a random network of agents . The dynamical nature of interpersonal relations is also reflected in the model , as the connections in the network evolve with the dynamics of the voters . In the infinite time limit , an exact solution predicts the emergence of consensus , for arbitrary initial conditions . However , before consensus is reached , two different metastable states can persist for exponentially long times . One state reflects a perfect balancing of opinions , the other reflects a completely static situation . An estimate of the associated lifetimes suggests that lack of consensus is typical for large systems .
0709.4065	physics.gen-ph	Comment on : Increasing Exclusion : The Pauli Exclusion Principle and Energy Conservation for Bound Fermions are Mutually Exclusive arXiv : physics/0609190v4 [ physics.gen-ph ] by Jonathan Phillips	Phillips incorrectly analyzes the ionization of He to conclude that the Pauli exclusion principle and conservation of energy are mutually exclusive . His error arises from neglect of electron repulsion , improper choices of energy zeros and other trivial errors .
