0707.4272	physics.gen-ph	Vacuum Fluctuation ( 1 ) : the Same Basis of the Relativity and the Quantum Mechanics	The aim of this paper is to reveal the deep relationship between matter and vacuum , and to seek for the same physical basis of the relativity and the quantum mechanics . In doing this , three postulates of vacuum fluctuation are proposed first , the basic premises of the relativity and the quantum mechanics including the velocity limit , the energy-frequency relation and the de Broglie wavelength expression of any matter particles are deduced then . As applications , the idea is used to analyze the Compton effect and the electron-positron annihilation . It is found that the calculation becomes simple , and the physical meaning gets clear . The simplicity comes from the power of the three postulates . To illustrate this , the basic conclusions of the special theory of relativity such as the relations of mass-velocity , mass-energy , energy-momentum , time dilation and length contraction are further deduced . In addition , the significance of the investigation of vacuum fluctuation in the unification of the physical theories is pointed out .
0707.4384	physics.comp-ph physics.flu-dyn	Density Matrix Renormalization for Model Reduction in Nonlinear Dynamics	We present a novel approach for model reduction of nonlinear dynamical systems based on proper orthogonal decomposition ( POD ) . Our method , derived from Density Matrix Renormalization Group ( DMRG ) , provides a significant reduction in computational effort for the calculation of the reduced system , compared to a POD . The efficiency of the algorithm is tested on the one dimensional Burgers equations and a one dimensional equation of the Fisher type as nonlinear model systems .
0707.4391	physics.comp-ph physics.flu-dyn	A three-dimensional multidimensional gas-kinetic scheme for the Navier-Stokes equations under gravitational fields	This paper extends the gas-kinetic scheme for one-dimensional inviscid shallow water equations ( J. Comput . Phys . 178 ( 2002 ) , pp . 533-562 ) to multidimensional gas dynamic equations under gravitational fields . Four important issues in the construction of a well-balanced scheme for gas dynamic equations are addressed . First , the inclusion of the gravitational source term into the flux function is necessary . Second , to achieve second-order accuracy of a well-balanced scheme , the Chapman-Enskog expansion of the Boltzmann equation with the inclusion of the external force term is used . Third , to avoid artificial heating in an isolated system under a gravitational field , the source term treatment inside each cell has to be evaluated consistently with the flux evaluation at the cell interface . Fourth , the multidimensional approach with the inclusion of tangential gradients in two-dimensional and three-dimensional cases becomes important in order to maintain the accuracy of the scheme . Many numerical examples are used to validate the above issues , which include the comparison between the solutions from the current scheme and the Strang splitting method . The methodology developed in this paper can also be applied to other systems , such as semi-conductor device simulations under electric fields .
0707.4397	physics.chem-ph physics.atm-clus physics.atom-ph	Ultracold collisions in magnetic fields : reducing inelastic cross sections near Feshbach resonances	We have carried out bound-state and low-energy quantum scattering calculations on He + NH ( triplet Sigma ) in magnetic fields , with the NH molecule in its n=1 rotationally excited states . We have explored the pattern of levels as a function of magnetic field and identified the nearly good quantum numbers in different regimes . We have used the bound-state calculations to locate low-energy Feshbach resonances . When the magnetic field is used to tune across such a resonance , the real and imaginary part of the scattering length show asymmetric oscillations and peaks with amplitude between 1 and 3 Angstroms . The scattering length does not pass through a pole at resonance . The resonant behavior is characterized by a complex resonant scattering length a_res . The corresponding inelastic cross sections show troughs as well as peaks near resonance . This may be important for efforts to achieve evaporative and sympathetic cooling for molecules , because it offers the hope that inelastic trap losses can be reduced by tuning close to a Feshbach resonance .
0707.4404	physics.chem-ph physics.atm-clus	Giant resonances of endohedral atoms	We demonstrate for the first time that the effect of fullerene shell upon photoionization of the `` caged '' atom in an endohedral can result in formation of Giant Endohedral Resonances or GER . This is illustrated by the concrete case of Xe @ C60 photoionization cross-section that exhibits at 17 eV a powerful resonance with total oscillator strengths of about 25 . The prominent modification of the 5p6 electron photoionization cross-section of Xe @ C60 takes place due to strong fullerene shell polarization under the action of the incoming electromagnetic wave and oscillation of this cross-section due to the reflection of the photoelectron from Xe by the C60 . These two factors transform the smoothly decreasing 5p6 cross-section of Xe into a rather complex curve with a powerful maximum for Xe @ C60 , with the oscillator strength being equal to 25 ! We present also the results for the dipole angular anisotropy parameter that is strongly affected by the reflection of the photoelectron waves but not modified by C60 polarization . The polarization of C60 is expressed via its total photoabsorption cross-section . The reflection of the photoelectron is taken into account in the frame of the so-called bubble potential that is a spherical delta-type potential .
0707.4409	physics.optics physics.plasm-ph	Time-resolved refractive index and absorption mapping of light-plasma filaments in water	By means of a quantitative shadowgraphic method , we performed a space-time characterization of the refractive index variation and transient absorption induced by a light-plasma filament generated by a 100 fs laser pulse in water . The formation and evolution of the plasma channel in the proximity of the nonlinear focus were observed with a 23 fs time resolution .
0707.4416	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech	Consensus formation on adaptive networks	The structure of a network can significantly influence the properties of the dynamical processes which take place on them . While many studies have been devoted to this influence , much less attention has been devoted to the interplay and feedback mechanisms between dynamical processes and network topology on adaptive networks . Adaptive rewiring of links can happen in real life systems such as acquaintance networks where people are more likely to maintain a social connection if their views and values are similar . In our study , we consider different variants of a model for consensus formation . Our investigations reveal that the adaptation of the network topology fosters cluster formation by enhancing communication between agents of similar opinion , though it also promotes the division of these clusters . The temporal behavior is also strongly affected by adaptivity : while , on static networks , it is influenced by percolation properties , on adaptive networks , both the early and late time evolution of the system are determined by the rewiring process . The investigation of a variant of the model reveals that the scenarios of transitions between consensus and polarized states are more robust on adaptive networks .
0707.4433	physics.class-ph gr-qc	Comments on `` Spin Connection Resonance in Gravitational General Relativity ''	We comment on a recent article of M.W.Evans , Acta Physica Polonica B38 ( 2007 ) 2211 . We point out that the equations underlying Evans ' theory are highly problematic . Moreover , we demonstrate that the so-called `` spin connection resonance '' , predicted by Evans , can not be derived from the equation he used . We provide an exact solution of Evans ' corresponding equation and show that is has definitely no resonance solutions .
0707.4480	physics.gen-ph	A simple superluminal but not physical motion	We discuss a superluminal unphysical motion which , we believe , has a high pedagogical potential . It highlights the physics behind the concept of simultaneity in special relativity and illustrates the non-physical character of superluminal speeds offering a rewarding exercise in handling the Minkowski space-time diagram .
0707.4506	physics.plasm-ph	Nonlinear physics of the ionosphere and LOIS/LOFAR	The ionosphere is the only large-scale plasma laboratory without walls that we have direct access to . From results obtained in systematic , repeatable experiments in this natural laboratory , where we can vary the stimulus and observe its response in a controlled , repeatable manner , we can draw conclusions on similar physical processes occurring naturally in the Earth's plasma environment as well as in parts of the plasma universe that are not easily accessible to direct probing . Of particular interest is electromagnetic turbulence excited in the ionosphere by beams of particles ( photons , electrons ) and its manifestation in terms of secondary radiation ( electrostatic and electromagnetic waves ) , structure formation ( solitons , cavitons , alfveons , striations ) , and the associated exchange of energy , linear momentum , and angular momentum . We present a new diagnostic technique , based on vector radio allowing the utilization of EM angular momentum ( vorticity ) , to study plasma turbulence remotely .
