0704.0033	physics.optics physics.comp-ph	Convergence of the discrete dipole approximation . I . Theoretical analysis	We performed a rigorous theoretical convergence analysis of the discrete dipole approximation ( DDA ) . We prove that errors in any measured quantity are bounded by a sum of a linear and quadratic term in the size of a dipole d , when the latter is in the range of DDA applicability . Moreover , the linear term is significantly smaller for cubically than for non-cubically shaped scatterers . Therefore , for small d errors for cubically shaped particles are much smaller than for non-cubically shaped . The relative importance of the linear term decreases with increasing size , hence convergence of DDA for large enough scatterers is quadratic in the common range of d. Extensive numerical simulations were carried out for a wide range of d. Finally we discuss a number of new developments in DDA and their consequences for convergence .
0704.0035	physics.optics physics.comp-ph	Convergence of the discrete dipole approximation . II . An extrapolation technique to increase the accuracy	We propose an extrapolation technique that allows accuracy improvement of the discrete dipole approximation computations . The performance of this technique was studied empirically based on extensive simulations for 5 test cases using many different discretizations . The quality of the extrapolation improves with refining discretization reaching extraordinary performance especially for cubically shaped particles . A two order of magnitude decrease of error was demonstrated . We also propose estimates of the extrapolation error , which were proven to be reliable . Finally we propose a simple method to directly separate shape and discretization errors and illustrated this for one test case .
0704.0037	physics.optics physics.comp-ph	The discrete dipole approximation for simulation of light scattering by particles much larger than the wavelength	In this manuscript we investigate the capabilities of the Discrete Dipole Approximation ( DDA ) to simulate scattering from particles that are much larger than the wavelength of the incident light , and describe an optimized publicly available DDA computer program that processes the large number of dipoles required for such simulations . Numerical simulations of light scattering by spheres with size parameters x up to 160 and 40 for refractive index m=1.05 and 2 respectively are presented and compared with exact results of the Mie theory . Errors of both integral and angle-resolved scattering quantities generally increase with m and show no systematic dependence on x. Computational times increase steeply with both x and m , reaching values of more than 2 weeks on a cluster of 64 processors . The main distinctive feature of the computer program is the ability to parallelize a single DDA simulation over a cluster of computers , which allows it to simulate light scattering by very large particles , like the ones that are considered in this manuscript . Current limitations and possible ways for improvement are discussed .
0704.0038	physics.optics physics.comp-ph	The discrete dipole approximation : an overview and recent developments	We present a review of the discrete dipole approximation ( DDA ) , which is a general method to simulate light scattering by arbitrarily shaped particles . We put the method in historical context and discuss recent developments , taking the viewpoint of a general framework based on the integral equations for the electric field . We review both the theory of the DDA and its numerical aspects , the latter being of critical importance for any practical application of the method . Finally , the position of the DDA among other methods of light scattering simulation is shown and possible future developments are discussed .
0704.0042	physics.gen-ph quant-ph	General System theory , Like-Quantum Semantics and Fuzzy Sets	It is outlined the possibility to extend the quantum formalism in relation to the requirements of the general systems theory . It can be done by using a quantum semantics arising from the deep logical structure of quantum theory . It is so possible taking into account the logical openness relationship between observer and system . We are going to show how considering the truth-values of quantum propositions within the context of the fuzzy sets is here more useful for systemics . In conclusion we propose an example of formal quantum coherence .
0704.0058	physics.pop-ph	Intelligent Life in Cosmology	I shall present three arguments for the proposition that intelligent life is very rare in the universe . First , I shall summarize the consensus opinion of the founders of the Modern Synthesis ( Simpson , Dobzhanski , and Mayr ) that the evolution of intelligent life is exceedingly improbable . Second , I shall develop the Fermi Paradox : if they existed they 'd be here . Third , I shall show that if intelligent life were too common , it would use up all available resources and die out . But I shall show that the quantum mechanical principle of unitarity ( actually a form of teleology ! ) requires intelligent life to survive to the end of time . Finally , I shall argue that , if the universe is indeed accelerating , then survival to the end of time requires that intelligent life , though rare , to have evolved several times in the visible universe . I shall argue that the acceleration is a consequence of the excess of matter over antimatter in the universe . I shall suggest experiments to test these claims .
