0705.2281	physics.optics physics.bio-ph	Tunable Ti : Al2O3 oscillator optimized for high-repetition-rate and short pulses	A laser was designed and constructed with the goal of producing ultra-short pulses at a high repetition rate as needed for certain applications of multi-photon microscopy . With pure prism-based dispersion compensation repetition rates of up to 270MHz were achieved . The laser operates with hard- and soft-aperturing at the third ( diverging output ) and the first ( parallel output ) stability limits , respectively . At the third stability limit we found a pulse width of 27fs ( FWHM ) at 800nm central wavelength . At the first stability limit pulse widths of 23-40fs with tunability from 780nm to 920nm were reached .
0705.2282	physics.acc-ph physics.space-ph	Enhanced Beam Deflection in Bent Crystals using Multiple Volume Reflection	This paper presents simulations of the trajectories of high-energy ions through several bent crystal layers . At certain layer alignments volume reflection occurs from each layer and the resultant multiple volume reflection angle is correspondingly increased , along with the range of entrance angles over which ions undergo volume reflection . Another feature is that the range of entrance angles for which bent crystal channeling occurs is also increased in passing through several bent layers . The use of several bent crystal layers to produce multiple volume reflection provides an alternative approach to the design of a space shield or radiation protection at accelerators based on bent crystals .
0705.2292	physics.optics physics.comp-ph	3D Simulations of Electromagnetic Fields in Nanostructures using the Time-Harmonic Finite-Element Method	Rigorous computer simulations of propagating electromagnetic fields have become an important tool for optical metrology and optics design of nanostructured components . As has been shown in previous benchmarks some of the presently used methods suffer from low convergence rates and/or low accuracy of the results and exhibit very long computation times which makes application to extended 2D layout patterns impractical . We address 3D simulation tasks by using a finite-element solver which has been shown to be superior to competing methods by several orders of magnitude in accuracy and computational time for typical microlithography simulations . We report on the current status of the solver , incorporating higher order edge elements , adaptive refinement methods , and fast solution algorithms . Further , we investigate the performance of the solver in the 3D simulation project of light diffraction off an alternating phase-shift contact-hole mask .
0705.2297	physics.flu-dyn physics.ao-ph	On the tuning of a wave-energy driven oscillating-water-column seawater pump to polychromatic waves	Performance of wave-energy devices of the oscillating water column ( OWC ) type is greatly enhanced when a resonant condition with the forcing waves is maintained . The natural frequency of such systems can in general be tuned to resonate with a given wave forcing frequency . In this paper we address the tuning of an OWC sea-water pump to polychromatic waves . We report results of wave tank experiments , which were conducted with a scale model of the pump . Also , a numerical solution for the pump equations , which were proven in previous work to successfully describe its behavior when driven by monochromatic waves , is tested with various polychromatic wave spectra . Results of the numerical model forced by the wave trains measured in the wave tank experiments are used to develop a tuning criterion for the sea-water pump .
0705.2311	physics.flu-dyn	Multidimensional fluid motions with planar waves	In the classical one-dimensional solution of fluid dynamics equations all unknown functions depend only on time t and Cartesian coordinate x . Although fluid spreads in all directions ( velocity vector has three components ) the whole picture of motion is relatively simple : trajectory of one fluid particle from plane x=const completely determines motion of the whole plane . Basing on the symmetry analysis of differential equations we propose generalization of this solution allowing movements in different directions of fluid particles belonging to plane x=const . At that , all functions but an angle determining the direction of particle 's motion depend on t and x only , whereas the angle depends on all coordinates . In this solution the whole picture of motion superposes from identical trajectories placed under different angles in 3D space . Orientations of the trajectories are restricted by a finite relation possessing functional arbitrariness . The solution describes three-dimensional nonlinear processes and singularities in infinitely conducting plasma , gas or incompressible liquid .
0705.2386	physics.ins-det nucl-ex	A large acceptance scintillator detector with wavelength shifting fibre read-out for search of eta-nucleus bound states	A large acceptance scintillator detector with wavelength shifting optical fibre readout has been designed and built to detect the decay particles of $ \eta $ -nucleus bound system ( the so-called $ \eta $ -mesic nuclei ) , namely , protons and pions . The detector , named as ENSTAR detector , consists of 122 pieces of plastic scintillator of various shapes and sizes , which are arranged in a cylindrical geometry to provide particle identification , energy loss and coarse position information for these particles . A solid angle coverage of $ \sim $ 95 % of total 4 $ \pi $ is obtained in the present design of the detector . Monte Carlo phase space calculations performed to simulate the formation and decay of $ \eta $ -mesic nuclei suggest that its decay particles , the protons and pions are emitted with an opening angle of 150 $ ^\circ \pm 20^\circ $ , and with energies in the range of 25 to 300 MeV and 225 to 450 MeV respectively . The detailed GEANT simulations show that $ \sim $ 80 % of the decay particles ( protons and pions ) can be detected within ENSTAR . Several test measurements using alpha source , cosmic-ray muons etc . have been carried out to study the response of ENSTAR scintillator pieces . The in-beam tests of fully assembled detector with proton beam of momentum 870 MeV/c from the Cooler synchrotron COSY have been performed . The test results show that the scintillator fiber design chosen for the detector has performed satisfactorily well . The present article describes the detector design , simulation studies , construction details and test results .
0705.2392	physics.optics	Electro-optically tunable microring resonators in lithium niobate	Optical microresonators have recently attracted a growing attention in the photonics community . Their applications range from quantum electro-dynamics to sensors and filtering devices for optical telecommunication systems , where they are likely to become an essential building block . The integration of nonlinear and electro-optical properties in the resonators represents a very stimulating challenge , as it would incorporate new and more advanced functionality . Lithium niobate is an excellent candidate material , being an established choice for electro-optic and nonlinear optical applications . Here we report on the first realization of optical microring resonators in submicrometric thin films of lithium niobate . The high index contrast films are produced by an improved crystal ion slicing and bonding technique using benzocyclobutene . The rings have radius R=100 um and their transmission spectrum has been tuned using the electro-optic effect . These results open new perspectives for the use of lithium niobate in chip-scale integrated optical devices and nonlinear optical microcavities .
0705.2401	physics.atom-ph	Pulsed beams as field probes for precision measurement	We describe a technique for mapping the spatial variation of static electric , static magnetic , and rf magnetic fields using a pulsed atomic or molecular beam . The method is demonstrated using a beam designed to measure the electric dipole moment of the electron . We present maps of the interaction region , showing sensitivity to ( i ) electric field variation of 1.5 V/cm at 3.3 kV/cm with a spatial resolution of 15 mm ; ( ii ) magnetic field variation of 5 nT with 25 mm resolution ; ( iii ) radio-frequency magnetic field amplitude with 15 mm resolution . This new diagnostic technique is very powerful in the context of high-precision atomic and molecular physics experiments , where pulsed beams have not hitherto found widespread application .
0705.2450	physics.data-an	Dirichlet or Potts ?	When modeling the distribution of a set of data by a mixture of Gaussians , there are two possibilities : i ) the classical one is using a set of parameters which are the proportions , the means and the variances ; ii ) the second is to consider the proportions as the probabilities of a discrete valued hidden variable . In the first case a usual prior distribution for the proportions is the Dirichlet which accounts for the fact that they have to sum up to one . In the second case , to each data is associated a hidden variable for which we consider two possibilities : a ) assuming those variables to be i.i.d . We show then that this scheme is equivalent to the classical mixture model with Dirichlet prior ; b ) assuming a Markovian structure . Then we choose the simplest markovian model which is the Potts distribution . As we will see this model is more appropriate for the case where the data represents the pixels of an image for which the hidden variables represent a segmentation of that image . The main object of this paper is to give some details on these models and different algorithms used for their simulation and the estimation of their parameters . Key Words : Mixture of Gaussians , Dirichlet , Potts , Classification , Segmentation .
0705.2452	physics.flu-dyn physics.ao-ph	Vortical and Wave Modes in 3D Rotating Stratified Flows : Random Large Scale Forcing	Utilizing an eigenfunction decomposition , we study the growth and spectra of energy in the vortical and wave modes of a 3D rotating stratified fluid as a function of $ \epsilon = f/N $ . Working in regimes characterized by moderate Burger numbers , i.e . $ Bu = 1/\epsilon^2 < 1 $ or $ Bu \ge 1 $ , our results indicate profound change in the character of vortical and wave mode interactions with respect to $ Bu = 1 $ . As with the reference state of $ \epsilon=1 $ , for $ \epsilon < 1 $ the wave mode energy saturates quite quickly and the ensuing forward cascade continues to act as an efficient means of dissipating ageostrophic energy . Further , these saturated spectra steepen as $ \epsilon $ decreases : we see a shift from $ k^ { -1 } $ to $ k^ { -5/3 } $ scaling for $ k_f < k < k_d $ ( where $ k_f $ and $ k_d $ are the forcing and dissipation scales , respectively ) . On the other hand , when $ \epsilon > 1 $ the wave mode energy never saturates and comes to dominate the total energy in the system . In fact , in a sense the wave modes behave in an asymmetric manner about $ \epsilon = 1 $ . With regard to the vortical modes , for $ \epsilon \le 1 $ , the signatures of 3D quasigeostrophy are clearly evident . Specifically , we see a $ k^ { -3 } $ scaling for $ k_f < k < k_d $ and , in accord with an inverse transfer of energy , the vortical mode energy never saturates but rather increases for all $ k < k_f $ . In contrast , for $ \epsilon > 1 $ and increasing , the vortical modes contain a progressively smaller fraction of the total energy indicating that the 3D quasigeostrophic subsystem plays an energetically smaller role in the overall dynamics .
0705.2454	physics.data-an	Non Gaussianity and Non Stationarity modeled through Hidden Variables and their use in ICA and Blind Source Separation	Modeling non Gaussian and non stationary signals and images has always been one of the most important part of signal and image processing methods . In this paper , first we propose a few new models , all based on using hidden variables for modeling either stationary but non Gaussian or Gaussian but non stationary or non Gaussian and non stationary signals and images . Then , we will see how to use these models in independent component analysis ( ICA ) or blind source separation ( BSS ) . The computational aspects of the Bayesian estimation framework associated with these prior models are also discussed .
0705.2458	physics.optics physics.comp-ph	Accumulation horizons and period-adding in optically injected semiconductor lasers	We study the hierarchical structuring of islands of stable periodic oscillations inside chaotic regions in phase diagrams of single-mode semiconductor lasers with optical injection . Phase diagrams display remarkable { \it accumulation horizons } : boundaries formed by the accumulation of infinite cascades of self-similar islands of periodic solutions of ever-increasing period . Each cascade follows a specific period-adding route . The riddling of chaotic laser phases by such networks of periodic solutions may compromise applications operating with chaotic signals such as e.g . secure communications .
0705.2459	physics.data-an	Hierarchical Markovian models for hyperspectral image segmentation	Hyperspectral images can be represented either as a set of images or as a set of spectra . Spectral classification and segmentation and data reduction are the main problems in hyperspectral image analysis . In this paper we propose a Bayesian estimation approach with an appropriate hiearchical model with hidden markovian variables which gives the possibility to jointly do data reduction , spectral classification and image segmentation . In the proposed model , the desired independent components are piecewise homogeneous images which share the same common hidden segmentation variable . Thus , the joint Bayesian estimation of this hidden variable as well as the sources and the mixing matrix of the source separation problem gives a solution for all the three problems of dimensionality reduction , spectra classification and segmentation of hyperspectral images . A few simulation results illustrate the performances of the proposed method compared to other classical methods usually used in hyperspectral image processing .
0705.2461	physics.data-an	Bayesian Separation of Document Images with Hidden Markov Model	this paper we consider the problem of separating noisy instantaneous linear mixtures of document images in the Bayesian framework . The source image is modeled hierarchically by a latent labeling process representing the common classifications of document objects among different color channels and the intensity process of pixels given the class labels . A Potts Markov random field is used to model regional regularity of the classification labels inside object regions . Local dependency between neighboring pixels can also be accounted by smoothness constraint on their intensities . Within the Bayesian approach , all unknowns including the source , the classification , the mixing coefficients and the distribution parameters of these variables are estimated from their posterior laws . The corresponding Bayesian computations are done by MCMC sampling algorithm . Results from experiments on synthetic and real image mixtures are presented to illustrate the performance of the proposed method .
