0704.2466	physics.soc-ph	Is diversity good ?	Prominent ethical and policy issues such as affirmative action and female enrollment in science and engineering revolve around the idea that diversity is good . However , even though diversity is an ambiguous concept , a precise definition is seldom provided . We show that diversity may be construed as a factual description , a craving for symmetry , an intrinsic good , an instrumental good , a symptom , or a side effect . These acceptions differ vastly in their nature and properties . The first one can not lead to any action and the second one is mistaken . Diversity as intrinsic good is a mere opinion , which can not be concretely applied ; moreover , the most commonly invoked forms of diversity ( sexual and racial ) are not intrinsically good . On the other hand , diversity as instrumental good can be evaluated empirically and can give rise to policies , but these may be very weak . Finally , symptoms and side effects are not actually about diversity . We consider the example of female enrollment in science and engineering , interpreting the various arguments found in the literature in light of this polysemy . Keywords : ethics , policy , higher education , female students , minority students , affirmative action
0704.2479	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph	Strong-field approximation for Coulomb explosion of H_2^+ by short intense laser pulses	We present a simple quantum mechanical model to describe Coulomb explosion of H $ _2^+ $ by short , intense , infrared laser pulses . The model is based on the length gauge version of the molecular strong-field approximation and is valid for pulses shorter than 50 fs where the process of dissociation prior to ionization is negligible . The results are compared with recent experimental results for the proton energy spectrum [ I. Ben-Itzhak et al. , Phys . Rev . Lett . 95 , 073002 ( 2005 ) , B. D. Esry et al. , Phys . Rev . Lett . 97 , 013003 ( 2006 ) ] . The predictions of the model reproduce the profile of the spectrum although the peak energy is slightly lower than the observations . For comparison , we also present results obtained by two different tunneling models for this process .
0704.2489	physics.geo-ph	On the change of latitude of Arctic East Siberia at the end of the Pleistocene	Mammoths lived in Arctic East Siberia . In this region there is not sufficient sunlight over the year for the growth of the plants on which these animals feed . Therefore the latitude of this region was lower before the end of the Pleistocene . As the cause of this geographic pole shift , we postulate a massive object , which moved in an extremely eccentric orbit and was hot from tidal work and solar radiation . Evaporation produced a disk-shaped cloud of ions around the Sun . This cloud partially shielded the solar radiation , producing the cold and warm periods that characterize the Pleistocene . The shielding depends on the inclination of Earth 's orbit , which has a period of 100'000 years . The cloud builds up to a density at which inelastic particle collisions induce its collapse The resulting near-periodic time dependence resembles that of Dansgaard-Oeschger events . During cold periods fine grained inclusions were deposited into the ice . The Pleistocene ended when the massive object had a close encounter with the Earth , which suffered a one per mil stretching deformation . While the deformation relaxed to an equilibrium shape in one to several years , the globe turned relative to the rotation axis : The North Pole moved from Greenland to the Arctic Sea . The massive object was torn to pieces , which evaporated .
0704.2495	physics.optics	Full bandstructure calculation of second harmonic generation susceptibility of $ \alpha-LiIO_ { 3 } $ crystal	The present work performs full bandstructure calculations to investigate the structural effect and the transition mechanisms of the second harmonic generation ( SHG ) susceptibility of the $ \alpha-LiIO_ { 3 } $ crystal . The anomalous inconsistency of associated experimental data of the SHG susceptibility tensor is elucidated to be dominated by the structural effect especially on the topology of $ O $ -atoms . On the manipulation of the structural effect , the modification of SHG susceptibility using an external pressure is simulated . The calculations of SHG susceptibility tensor are completed at finite frequencies and the static limit . The comparison with the experiments is also incorporated . On the analysis of the transition mechanisms , the inter-band transition is determined to entirely dominate the whole SHG susceptibility at the static limit ; however , the effect of the intra-band motion is revealed to be as important as that of the inter-band transition at finite frequencies .
0704.2517	physics.plasm-ph physics.data-an	V-Langevin Equations , Continuous Time Random Walks and Fractional Diffusion	The following question is addressed : under what conditions can a strange diffusive process , defined by a semi-dynamical V-Langevin equation or its associated Hybrid kinetic equation ( HKE ) , be described by an equivalent purely stochastic process , defined by a Continuous Time Random Walk ( CTRW ) or by a Fractional Differential Equation ( FDE ) ? More specifically , does there exist a class of V-Langevin equations with long-range ( algebraic ) velocity temporal correlation , that leads to a time-fractional superdiffusive process ? The answer is always affirmative in one dimension . It is always negative in two dimensions : any algebraically decaying temporal velocity correlation ( with a Gaussian spatial correlation ) produces a normal diffusive process . General conditions relating the diffusive nature of the process to the temporal exponent of the Lagrangian velocity correlation ( in Corrsin approximation ) are derived .
0704.2519	physics.med-ph	Comparative study of depth-dose distributions for beams of light and heavy nuclei in tissue-like media	We study the energy deposition by light and heavy nuclei in tissue-like media as used for cancer therapy . The depth-dose distributions for protons , $ ^ { 3 } $ He , $ ^ { 12 } $ C , $ ^ { 20 } $ Ne , and $ ^ { 58 } $ Ni nuclei are calculated within a Monte Carlo model based on the GEANT4 toolkit . These distributions are compared with each other and with available experimental data . It is demonstrated that nuclear fragmentation reactions essentially reduce the peak-to-plateau ratio of the dose profiles for deeply penetrating energetic ions heavier than $ ^ { 3 } $ He . On the other hand , all projectiles up to $ ^ { 20 } $ Ne were found equally suitable for therapeutic use at low penetration depths .
0704.2548	physics.ins-det hep-ex	Triggering at High Luminosity Colliders	This article discusses the techniques used to select online promising events at high energy and high luminosity colliders . After a brief introduction , explaining some general aspects of triggering , the more specific implementation options for well established machines like the Tevatron and Large Hadron Collider are presented . An outlook on what difficulties need to be met is given when designing trigger systems at the Super Large Hadron Collider , or at the International Linear Collider
0704.2550	physics.gen-ph	Local Energy Velocity of Classical Fields	It is proposed to apply a recently developed concept of local wave velocities to the dynamical field characteristics , especially for the canonical field energy density . It is shown that local energy velocities can be derived from the lagrangian directly . The local velocities of zero- and first- order for energy propagation has been obtained for special cases of scalar and vector fields . Some important special cases of these results are discussed .
0704.2552	physics.optics	Enhanced microwave transmission through quasicrystal hole arrays	We report on the observation of enhanced microwave transmission through quasi-periodic hole arrays in metal films . The fraction of transmitted light reaches 50 % in a self-standing metal film and approaches 90 % when the film is sandwiched between thin dielectric slabs , while the holes occupy only 10 % of the sample area . The maximum transmission is accompanied by zero phase change , rendering the film almost 'invisible ' over a wide frequency range . The extraordinary transmission phenomenon is interpreted in terms of resonances in the self-consistent interaction between holes , which are represented by effective electric and magnetic dipoles .
0704.2565	physics.flu-dyn	Magnetic induction in a turbulent flow of liquid sodium : mean behaviour and slow fluctuations	We study the flow response to an externally imposed homogeneous magnetic field in a turbulent swirling flow of liquid sodium -- the VKS2 experiment in which magnetic Reynolds numbers Rm up to 50 are reached . Induction effects are larger than in the former VKS1 experiment . At Rm larger than about 25 , the local amplitude of induced field components supersedes that of the applied field , and exhibits non-Gaussian fluctuations . Slow dynamical instationarities and low-frequency bimodal dynamics are observed in the induction , presumably tracing back to large scale fluctuations in the hydrodynamic flow .
0704.2571	physics.gen-ph physics.ao-ph physics.geo-ph	Extraction of Freshwater and Energy from Atmosphere	Author offers and researches a new , cheap method for the extraction of freshwater from the Earth atmosphere . The suggected method is fundamentally dictinct from all existing methods that extract freshwater from air . All other industrial methods extract water from a saline water source ( in most cases from seawater ) . This new method may be used at any point in the Earth except Polar Zones . It does not require long-distance freshwater transportation . If seawater is not utilized for increasing its productivity , this inexpensive new method is very environment-friendly . The author method has two working versions : ( 1 ) the first variant the warm ( hot ) atmospheric air is lifted by the inflatable tube in a high altitude and atmospheric steam is condenced into freswater : ( 2 ) in the second version , the warm air is pumped 20-30 meters under the sea-surface . In the first version , wind and solar heating of air are used for causing air flow . In version ( 2 ) wind and propeller are used for causing air movment . The first method does not need energy , the second needs a small amount . Moreover , in variant ( 1 ) the freshwater has a high pressure ( > 30 or more atm . ) and can be used for production of energy such as electricity and in that way the freshwater cost is lower . For increasing the productivity the seawater is injected into air and solar air heater may be used . The solar air heater produces a huge amount of electricity as a very powerful electricity generation plant . The offered electricity installation in 100 - 200 times cheaper than any common electric plant of equivalent output . Key words : Extraction freshwater , method of getting freshwater , receiving energy from atmosphere , powerful renewal electric plant .
0704.2583	physics.acc-ph	$ 2\times250 $ GeV CLIC $ \gamma\gamma $ Collider Based on its Drive Beam FEL	CLIC is a linear $ e^+e^- $ ( $ \gamma\gamma $ ) collider project which uses a drive beam to accelerate the main beam . The drive beam provides RF power for each corresponding unit of the main linac through energy extracting RF structures . CLIC has a wide range of center-of-mass energy options from 150 GeV to 3 TeV . The present paper contains optimization of Free Electron Laser ( FEL ) using one bunch of CLIC drive beam in order to provide polarized light amplification using appropriate wiggler and luminosity spectrum of $ \gamma\gamma $ collider for $ E_ { cm } $ =0.5 TeV . Then amplified laser can be converted to a polarized high-energy $ \gamma $ beam at the Conversion point ( CP-prior to electron positron interaction point ) in the process of Compton backscattering . At the CP a powerful laser pulse ( FEL ) focused to main linac electrons ( positrons ) . Here this scheme described and it is show that CLIC drive beam parameters satisfy the requirement of FEL additionally essential undulator parameters has been defined . Achievable $ \gamma\gamma $ luminosity is above $ 10^ { 34 } $ .
0704.2627	physics.atom-ph	Atom-wave diffraction between the Raman-Nath and the Bragg regime : Effective Rabi frequency , losses , and phase shifts	We present an analytic theory of the diffraction of ( matter ) waves by a lattice in the `` quasi-Bragg '' regime , by which we mean the transition region between the long-interaction Bragg and `` channelling '' regimes and the short-interaction Raman-Nath regime . The Schroedinger equation is solved by adiabatic expansion , using the conventional adiabatic approximation as a starting point , and re-inserting the result into the Schroedinger equation to yield a second order correction . Closed expressions for arbitrary pulse shapes and diffraction orders are obtained and the losses of the population to output states otherwise forbidden by the Bragg condition are derived . We consider the phase shift due to couplings of the desired output to these states that depends on the interaction strength and duration and show how these can be kept negligible by a choice of smooth ( e.g. , Gaussian ) envelope functions even in situations that substantially violate the adiabaticity condition . We also give an efficient method for calculating the effective Rabi frequency ( which is related to the eigenvalues of Mathieu functions ) in the quasi-Bragg regime .
