0712.0047	physics.flu-dyn	Effective slip boundary conditions for flows over nanoscale chemical heterogeneities	We study slip boundary conditions for simple fluids at surfaces with nanoscale chemical heterogeneities . Using a perturbative approach , we examine the flow of a Newtonian fluid far from a surface described by a heterogeneous Navier slip boundary condition . In the far-field , we obtain expressions for an effective slip boundary condition in certain limiting cases . These expressions are compared to numerical solutions which show they work well when applied in the appropriate limits . The implications for experimental measurements and for the design of surfaces that exhibit large slip lengths are discussed .
0712.0067	physics.gen-ph	Bigravity as an interpretation of the cosmic acceleration	A bimetric description of the universe is proposed , which explains cosmic acceleration deduced from optically observed high-redshift objects . This phenomenon is classically charged to a mysterious repulsive `` dark energy '' whose true nature is unknown . This is identified in this model with a set of particles having negative mass and energy . These negative mass particles , emitting negative energy photons , are not observable using optical instruments .
0712.0074	physics.gen-ph q-bio.PE	A note on the phases of natural evolution	The natural evolution of life seems to proceed through steps characterized by phases of relatively rapid changes , followed by longer , more stable periods . In the light of the string-theory derived physical scenario proposed in [ 1 ] , we discuss how this behaviour can be related to a sequence of resonances of the energy of natural sources of radiation and absorption energies of the DNA , responsible for mutagenesis . In a scenario in which these energy scales run independently as functions of the age of the Universe , the conditions for evolutionary mutagenesis are satisfied only at discrete points of the time axis , and for a short period , corresponding to the width of the resonance . We consider in particular the evolution of the primates through subsequent steps of increasing cranio-facial contraction , and the great Eras of life ( Paleozoic , Mesozoic , Cenozoic ) , showing that the transitions occur at the predicted times of resonance .
0712.0077	physics.gen-ph	D-brane width	Loop quantum gravity predicts that there are non-zero minimal area , and non-zero minimal volume in ( 3+1 ) dimensions . Given this , one can easily guess that one will have a non-zero minimal 9-volume in ( 9+1 ) dimensions . Therefore , in this paper , we argue that not only D9-brane but also Dp-brane for p less than 9 has a 9-volume . This idea is new , as the present view states that such a Dp-brane has p-volume but no 9 volume . To demonstrate this , first , we equate D8-brane action with D9-brane action and show that 9th direction which is perpendicular to D8-brane has non-zero width . We repeat this step for different ps ; we equate Dp-brane action with Dp-1 brane action . By this iteration and induction we conclude that Dp-brane has non-zero widths for each of ( 9-p ) directions perpendicular to the Dp-brane , and therefore , non-zero volume . When antisymmetric tensor and field strength are zero , this width is calculated to be 2 pi sqrt ( alpha ' ) for all ( 9-p ) directions . For non-vanishing antisymmetric tensor and field strength , the width receives small corrections . In this paper , we only calculate up to the first order correction .
0712.0099	physics.optics cond-mat.soft quant-ph	Optical spin-to-orbital angular momentum conversion in inhomogeneous anisotropic media	We demonstrate experimentally an optical process in which the spin angular momentum carried by a circularly polarized light beam is converted into orbital angular momentum , leading to the generation of helical modes with a wavefront helicity controlled by the input polarization . This phenomenon requires the interaction of light with matter that is both optically inhomogeneous and anisotropic . The underlying physics is also associated with the so-called Pancharatnam-Berry geometrical phases involved in any inhomogeneous transformation of the optical polarization .
0712.0101	physics.optics cond-mat.soft quant-ph	Pancharatnam-Berry phase optical elements for wavefront shaping in the visible domain : switchable helical modes generation	We report the realization of a Pancharatnam-Berry phase optical element [ Z. Bomzon , G. Biener , V. Kleiner , and E. Hasman , Opt . Lett . \textbf { 27 } , 1141 ( 2002 ) ] for wavefront shaping working in the visible spectral domain , based on patterned liquid crystal technology . This device generates helical modes of visible light with the possibility of electro-optically switching between opposite helicities by controlling the handedness of the input circular polarization . By cascading this approach , fast switching among multiple wavefront helicities can be achieved , with potential applications to multi-state optical information encoding . The approach demonstrated here can be generalized to other polarization-controlled devices for wavefront shaping , such as switchable lenses , beam-splitters , and holographic elements .
0712.0110	physics.flu-dyn	Comment on `` Group method analysis of magneto-elastico-viscous flow along a semi-infinite flat plate with heat transfer '' , by Helal and Abd-el-Malek	Comment on Group method analysis of magneto-elastico-viscous flow along a semi-infinite flat plate with heat transfer , Helal and Abd-el-Malek , Journal of Computational and Applied Mathematics 173 ( 2005 ) 199-210 . In the above paper the authors treat the boundary layer flow of a elasto- viscous liquid along an infinite plate in the presence of a transverse magnetic field . The plate temperature is higher than the ambient fluid temperature . The boundary layer equations are transformed into ordinary ones using the group theory and subsequently are solved numerically . Velocity , temperature , shear stress and heat transfer profiles are presented for values of magnetic parameter M=0 , 0.5 and 1 . This is an interesting work but there are some fundamental errors which are presented below .
