0712.0673	physics.comp-ph hep-ph	Spin dependent operators in correlated gaussian bases	In their textbook , Suzuki and Varga [ Y. Suzuki and K. Varga , { \em Stochastic Variational Approach to Quantum-Mechanical Few-Body Problems } ( Springer , Berlin , 1998 ) ] present the stochastic variational method with the correlated Gaussian basis in a very exhaustive way . The matrix elements for central potentials are put under a pleasant form but the elements for spin dependent operators , when treated , are given as very cumbersome expressions . In this paper , we find a lot of new formulae for those elements . Their expressions are given in terms of the same geometrical functions that appear in the case of central potentials . These functions get therefore a universal status ; this property is very useful for numerical applications .
0712.0691	physics.class-ph	Iterative Methods for Model Reduction by Domain Decomposition	We propose a method to reduce the computational effort to solve a partial differential equation on a given domain . The main idea is to split the domain of interest in two subdomains , and to use different approximation methods in each of the two subdomains . In particular , in one subdomain we discretize the governing equations by a canonical scheme , whereas in the other one we solve a reduced order model of the original problem . Different approaches to couple the low-order model to the usual discretization are presented . The effectiveness of these approaches is tested on numerical examples pertinent to non-linear model problems including the Laplace equation with non-linear boundary conditions and the compressible Euler equations .
0712.0695	physics.atom-ph physics.comp-ph	Ionization of the hydrogen atom by intense ultrashort laser pulses	The ionization of atomic hydrogen in intense laser fields is studied theoretically . The calculations were performed applying both quantummechanical and classical approaches . Treating the problem quantummechanically , the time dependent Schr\ '' odinger equation ( TDSE ) of our system was first transformed into a pseudo-momentum space and solved in this space iteratively . While neglecting the Coulomb potential during the solution of the TDSE we got the results in the Volkov approximation , in the first order solution we taken into account the Coulomb potential as perturbation . The classical calculations were performed within the framework of the classical trajectory Monte-Carlo ( CTMC ) method . The double differential ionization probabilities are calculated for different laser pulses and a reasonable agreement was found between the theories . Major differences can be observed in the angular distribution of electrons at low electron energies between classical and the quantummechanical approaches . At high electron energies the differences disappear , which indicates that the generation of low energy electrons is of quantum type , and it is strongly influenced by the Coulomb potential , while the production of high energy electrons is of classical type and it is less influenced by the Coulomb interaction . Our results are also compared with the Coulomb-Volkov ( CV ) model calculations .
0712.0717	physics.atom-ph	All-optical production of 7Li Bose-Einstein condensation using Feshbach resonances	We show an all-optical method of making 7Li condensate using tunability of the scattering length in the proximity of a Feshbach resonance . We report the observation of two new Feshbach resonances on |F = 1 ; mF = 0 > state . The narrow ( broad ) resonance of 7 G ( 34 G ) width is detected at 831 +- 4 G ( 884 +4 -13 G ) . Position of the scattering length zero crossing between the resonances is found at 836 +- 4 G. The broad resonance is shown to be favorable for run away evaporation which we perform in a crossed-beam optical dipole trap . Starting directly form the phase space density of a magneto-optical trap we observe a Bose-Einstein condensation threshold in less than 3 s of forced evaporation .
0712.0720	physics.plasm-ph physics.acc-ph	Self-guided wakefield experiments driven by petawatt class ultra-short laser pulses	We investigate the extension of self-injecting laser wakefield experiments to the regime that will be accessible with the next generation of petawatt class ultra-short pulse laser systems . Using linear scalings , current experimental trends and numerical simulations we determine the optimal laser and target parameters , i.e . focusing geometry , plasma density and target length , that are required to increase the electron beam energy ( to > 1 GeV ) without the use of external guiding structures .
0712.0749	physics.chem-ph	Instabilities at vicinal crystal surfaces - competition between the electromigration of the adatoms and the kinetic memory effect	We studied the step dynamics during sublimation and growth in the presence of electromigration force acting on the adatoms . In the limit of fast surface diffusion and slow kinetics of atom attachment-detachment at the steps we formulate a model free of the quasi-static approximation in the calculation of the adatom concentration on the terraces . Numerical integration of the equations for the time evolution of the adatom concentrations and the equations of step motion reveals two different step bunching instabilities : 1 ) step density waves ( small bunches which do not manifest any coarsening ) induced by the kinetic memory effect and 2 ) step bunching with coarsening when the dynamics is dominated by the electromigration . The model developed in this paper also provides very instructive illustrations of the Popkov-Krug dynamical phase transition during sublimation and growth of a vicinal crystal surface .
0712.0763	physics.optics cond-mat.soft physics.flu-dyn	Light-induced rotation of dye-doped liquid crystal droplets	We investigate both theoretically and experimentally the rotational dynamics of micrometric droplets of dye-doped and pure liquid crystal induced by circularly and elliptically polarized laser light . The droplets are dispersed in water and trapped in the focus of the laser beam . Since the optical torque acting on the molecular director is known to be strongly enhanced in light-absorbing dye-doped materials , the question arises whether a similar enhancement takes place also for the overall optical torque acting on the whole droplets . We searched for such enhancement by measuring and comparing the rotation speed of dye-doped droplets induced by a laser beam having a wavelength either inside or outside the dye absorption band , and also comparing it with the rotation of pure liquid crystal droplets . No enhancement was found , confirming that photoinduced dye effects are only associated with an internal exchange of angular momentum between orientational and translational degrees of freedom of matter . Our result provides also the first direct experimental proof of the existence of a photoinduced stress tensor in the illuminated dye-doped liquid crystal . Finally , peculiar photoinduced dynamical effects are predicted to occur in droplets in which the molecular director is not rigidly locked to the flow , but so far they could not be observed .
0712.0764	physics.gen-ph	The Conception of Atom in Greek and Indian Physics	This paper contrasts the Greek and Indian conceptions of atom . It is shown that these two are quite different in spirit .
0712.0782	physics.optics math-ph math.MP	Hypergeometric-Gaussian Modes	We studied a novel family of paraxial laser beams forming an overcomplete yet nonorthogonal set of modes . These modes have a singular phase profile and are eigenfunctions of the photon orbital angular momentum . The intensity profile is characterized by a single brilliant ring with the singularity at its center , where the field amplitude vanishes . The complex amplitude is proportional to the degenerate ( confluent ) hypergeometric function , and therefore we term such beams hypergeometric gaussian ( HyGG ) modes . Unlike the recently introduced hypergeometric modes ( Opt . Lett . { \textbf 32 } , 742 ( 2007 ) ) , the HyGG modes carry a finite power and have been generated in this work with a liquid-crystal spatial light modulator . We briefly consider some sub-families of the HyGG modes as the modified Bessel Gaussian modes , the modified exponential Gaussian modes and the modified Laguerre-Gaussian modes .
0712.0784	physics.comp-ph physics.flu-dyn	Model for erosion-deposition patterns	We investigate through computational simulations with a pore network model the formation of patterns caused by erosion-deposition mechanisms . In this model , the geometry of the pore space changes dynamically as a consequence of the coupling between the fluid flow and the movement of particles due to local drag forces . Our results for this irreversible process show that the model is capable to reproduce typical natural patterns caused by well known erosion processes . Moreover , we observe that , within a certain range of porosity values , the grains form clusters that are tilted with respect to the horizontal with a characteristic angle . We compare our results to recent experiments for granular material in flowing water and show that they present a satisfactory agreement .
0712.0794	physics.atom-ph	A high-accuracy algorithm for designing arbitrary holographic atom traps	We report the realization of a new iterative Fourier-transform algorithm for creating holograms that can diffract light into an arbitrary two-dimensional intensity profile . We show that the predicted intensity distributions are smooth with a fractional error from the target distribution at the percent level . We demonstrate that this new algorithm outperforms the most frequently used alternatives typically by one and two orders of magnitude in accuracy and roughness , respectively . The techniques described in this paper outline a path to creating arbitrary holographic atom traps in which the only remaining hurdle is physical implementation .
0712.0797	physics.plasm-ph	Calculating the Charged Particle Stopping Power Exactly to Leading and Next-to-leading Order	I will discuss a new method for calculating transport quantities , such as the charged particle stopping power , in a weakly to moderately coupled plasma . This method , called dimensional continuation , lies within the framework of convergent kinetic equations , and it is powerful enough to allow for systematic perturbative expansions in the plasma coupling constant . In particular , it provides an exact evaluation of the stopping power to leading and next-to-leading order in the plasma coupling , with the systematic error being of cubic order . Consequently , the calculation is near-exact for a weakly coupled plasma , and quite accurate for a moderately coupled plasma . The leading order term in this expansion has been known since the classic work of Spitzer . In contrast , the next-to-leading order term has been calculated only recently by Brown , Preston , and Singleton ( BPS ) , using the aforementioned method , to account for all short- and long-distance physics accurate to second order in the plasma coupling , including an exact treatment of the quantum-to-classical scattering transition . Preliminary numerical studies suggest that the BPS stopping power increases the ignition threshold , thereby having potential adverse implications for upcoming high energy density facilities . Since the key ideas behind the BPS calculation are possibly unfamiliar to plasma physicists , and the implications might be important , I will use this opportunity to explain the method in a pedagogical fashion .
0712.0821	physics.gen-ph	A General Relativistic Rotating Evolutionary Universe	We show that when we work with coordinate cosmic time , which is not proper time , Robertson-Walker 's metric , includes a possible rotational state of the Universe . An exact formula for the angular speed and the temporal metric coefficient , is found .
0712.0857	physics.flu-dyn physics.ao-ph	On Zonal Jets in Oceans	We find that in parameter regimes relevant to the recently observed alternating zonal jets in oceans , the formation of these jets can be explained as due to an arrest of the turbulent inverse-cascade of energy by { \em free } Rossby waves ( as opposed to Rossby { \em basin } modes ) and a subsequent redirection of that energy into zonal modes . This mechanism , originally studied in the context of alternating jets in Jovian atmospheres and two dimensional turbulence in zonally-periodic configurations survives in spite of the presence of the meridional boundaries in the oceanic context .
0712.0858	physics.acc-ph physics.class-ph	Volume Reflection and Refraction of Relativistic Particles in Bent Crystals	The quasi-channeling of positive and negative relativistic particles in a bent crystal is studied using the classical deflection function . It was shown that the potential scattering in a central field of bounded ring-like potentials may produce the `` reflected '' and `` refracted '' fractions of scattered particles . For particles with positive charge the `` reflected '' fraction is mainly presented ; at the same time we predict that for particles with negative charge the `` refracted '' fraction should dominate . The effect of `` empty core '' for central scattering is also discussed . The average deflection angles for volume `` reflection '' and `` refraction '' are derived for accepted potential model of the crystal . The calculated average `` reflection '' angle is in satisfactory agreement with recent experimental data \cite { ivanov_2006 }
