0711.2368	physics.pop-ph	Sending and Searching for Interstellar Messages	There is a close interrelation between Searching for Extraterrestrial Intelligence ( SETI ) and Messaging to Extraterrestrial Intelligence ( METI ) . For example , the answers to the questions `` Where to search '' and `` Where to send '' are equivalent , in that both require an identical selection from the same target star lists . Similar considerations lead to a strategy of time synchronization between sending and searching . Both SETI and METI use large reflectors . The concept of `` magic frequencies '' may be applicable to both SETI and METI . Efforts to understand an alien civilization 's Interstellar Messages ( IMs ) , and efforts to compose our own IMs so they will be easily understood by unfamiliar Extraterrestrials , are mutually complementary . Furthermore , the METI-question : '' How can we benefit from sending IMs , if a response may come only thousands of years later ? '' begs an equivalent SETI-question : `` How can we benefit from searching , if it is impossible now to perceive the motivations and feelings of those who may have sent messages in the distant past ? '' A joint consideration of the theoretical and the practical aspects of both sending and searching for IMs , in the framework of a unified , disciplined scientific approach , can be quite fruitful . We seek to resolve the cultural disconnect between those who advocate sending interstellar messages , and others who anathematize those who would transmit .
0711.2376	physics.plasm-ph physics.gen-ph	Surface waves on a quantum plasma half-space	Surface modes are coupled electromagnetic/electrostatic excitations of free electrons near the vacuum-plasma interface and can be excited on a sufficiently dense plasma half-space . They propagate along the surface plane and decay in either sides of the boundary . In such dense plasma models , which are of interest in electronic signal transmission or in some astrophysical applications , the dynamics of the electrons is certainly affected by the quantum effects . Thus , the dispersion relation for the surface wave on a quantum electron plasma half-space is derived by employing the quantum hydrodynamical ( QHD ) and Maxwell-Poison equations . The QHD include quantum forces involving the Fermi electron temperature and the quantum Bohm potential . It is found that , at room temperature , the quantum effects are mainly relevant for the electrostatic surface plasma waves in a dense gold metallic plasma .
0711.2378	physics.pop-ph hep-ex hep-ph	Results from MiniBooNE	The long awaited experimental results from MiniBooNE have recently been announced . This experiment tests whether neutrino oscillations can occur at a higher mass squared difference $ \sim1 { eV } ^2 $ compared to well established observations of solar and atmospheric neutrinos . The LSND experiment has previously claimed to have observed neutrino oscillations at $ \Delta m^2 \sim 1 { eV } ^2 $ , however the results being controversial , required an independent confirmation . The MiniBooNE results settle this controversy by observing null oscillations at the said mass squared difference . These results have strong implications on existence of sterile neutrinos , CPT violation and mass varying neutrinos . We review the present status of neutrino masses and mixing in the light of this recent result .
0711.2380	physics.gen-ph	Hidden time interpretation of quantum mechanics and `` no protocol '' argument	Previously suggested hidden time interpretation of quantum mechanics allows to reproduce the same predictions as standard quantum mechanics provides , since it is based on Feynman many - paths formulation of QM . While new experimental consequences of this interpretation are under investigation , some advantages can be enumerated . ( 1 ) The interpretation is much field theoretic - like in classical sense , so it is local in mathematical sense , though quantum ( physical ) non-locality is preserved . ( 2 ) The interpretation is based on one type of mathematical objects , rather than two different ( Hilbert space vectors and operators ) . ( 3 ) The interpretation , as it was argued , overcomes the problem of hidden variables in a radically new way , with no conflict to Bell 's theorem . Recently an important argument against hidden variables - like formulations of quantum theory was risen - `` no protocol '' argument . It is argued in the paper , that hidden time interpretation successfully overcomes this argument .
0711.2385	physics.plasm-ph physics.gen-ph	Fast magnetization in counterstreaming plasmas with temperature anisotropies	Counterstreaming plasmas exhibits an electromagnetic unstable mode of filamentation type , which is responsible for the magnetization of plasma system . It is shown that filamentation instability becomes significantly faster when plasma is hotter in the streaming direction . This is relevant for astrophysical sources , where strong magnetic fields are expected to exist and explain the nothermal emission observed .
0711.2412	physics.bio-ph q-bio.SC	Mechanical deformation of monocytic THP-1 cells : occurrence of two seqential phases with differential sensitivity to metabolic inhibitors	Blood leukocytes can exhibit extensive morphological changes during their passage through small capillary vessels . The human monocytic THP-1 cell line was used to explore the metabolic dependence of these shape changes . Cells were aspirated into micropipettes for determination of the rate of protrusion formation . They were then released and the kinetics of morphological recovery was studied . Results were consistent with Evans ' model ( Blood , 64 : 1028 , 1984 ) of a viscous liquid droplet surrounded by a tensile membrane . The estimated values of cytoplasmic viscosity and membrane tension were 162 Pa.s and 0.0142 millinewton/m respectively . The influence of metabolic inhibitors on cell mechanical behaviour was then studied : results strongly suggested that deformation involved two sequential phases . The cell elongation rate measured during the first 30 seconds following the onset of aspiration was unaffected by azide , an inhibitor of energy production , and it was about doubled by cytochalasin D , a microfilament inhibitor , and colchicine , a microtubule inhibitor . However , during the following two minutes , deformation was almost abolished in cells treated with azide and cytochalasin D , whereas the protrusion of control cells exhibited about threefold length increase . It is concluded that , although cells seemed to deform as passive objects , active metabolic processes were required to allow extensive morphological changes triggered by external forces .
0711.2425	physics.chem-ph physics.comp-ph	Ab initio Calculations of the Interface States of Polyacetylene-Polyvinylfluoride and Polyethylene - Polyvinylfluoride Quasi-one-dimensional Chains	The interface states appearing in polyacetylene-polyvinylfluoride and polyethylene-polyvinylfluoride are determined via an ab initio self consistent field technique based on Green matrix formalism . Different properties of these states are explored . Contrary to the results of the second pair , the results of the first pair showed that the active electronic structure of polyacetylene leads to new states lying in the energy gap of polyvinylfluoride which enhances the doping probability in the first pair . The results emphasize the appearance of bending band phenomenon as a result of the interface of systems considered .
0711.2431	physics.data-an	Identification of photon-tagged jets in the ALICE experiment	The ALICE experiment at LHC will detect and identify prompt photons and light neutral-mesons with the PHOS detector and the additional EMCal electromagnetic calorimeter . Charged particles will be detected and identified by the central tracking system . In this article , the possibility of studying the interaction of jets with the nuclear medium , using prompt photons as a tool to tag jets , is investigated by simulations . New methods to identify prompt photon-jet events and to distinguish them from the jet-jet background are presented .
0711.2485	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Sub-natural width of transparency window in 85Rb vapor with D2 transition ,	We study 85Rb atomic vapor for electromagnetically induced transparency ( EIT ) and obtain sub-natural EIT spectra at optical power higher than saturation intensity . It is shown that spectral width of transmission and intensity of EIT signal increases with intensity of optical field , which is one of the desirable features for slow light and quantum information processing . A details analysis has been done on such an atomic system .
0711.2506	physics.soc-ph	Effect of initial configuration on network-based recommendation	In this paper , based on a weighted object network , we propose a recommendation algorithm , which is sensitive to the configuration of initial resource distribution . Even under the simplest case with binary resource , the current algorithm has remarkably higher accuracy than the widely applied global ranking method and collaborative filtering . Furthermore , we introduce a free parameter $ \beta $ to regulate the initial configuration of resource . The numerical results indicate that decreasing the initial resource located on popular objects can further improve the algorithmic accuracy . More significantly , we argue that a better algorithm should simultaneously have higher accuracy and be more personal . According to a newly proposed measure about the degree of personalization , we demonstrate that a degree-dependent initial configuration can outperform the uniform case for both accuracy and personalization strength .
0711.2544	physics.class-ph	Perturbation Theory	A review article on perturbation theory
0711.2545	physics.comp-ph gr-qc	A spectral collocation approximation for the radial-infall of a compact object into a Schwarzschild black hole	The inhomogeneous Zerilli equation is solved in time-domain numerically with the Chebyshev spectral collocation method to investigate a radial-infall of the point particle towards a Schwarzschild black hole . Singular source terms due to the point particle appear in the equation in the form of the Dirac $ \delta $ -function and its derivative . For the approximation of singular source terms , we use the direct derivative projection method without any regularization . The gravitational waveforms are evaluated as a function of time . We compare the results of the spectral collocation method with those of the explicit second-order central-difference method . The numerical results show that the spectral collocation approximation with the direct projection method is accurate and converges rapidly when compared with the finite-difference method .
