0710.0917	physics.soc-ph	Double power laws in income and wealth distributions	Close examination of wealth distributions reveal the existence of two distinct power law regimes . The Pareto exponents of the super-rich , identified for example in rich lists such as provided by Forbes are smaller than the Pareto exponents obtained for top earners in income data sets . Our extension of the Slanina model of wealth is able to reproduce these double power law features .
0710.0924	physics.gen-ph	On The 5D Extra-Force according to Basini-Capozziello-Ponce De Leon Formalism and the Experimental Research of Extra Dimensions On-Board International Space Station ( ISS ) using Laser Beams	We analyze the possibility of Experimental Research of Extra Dimensions On-Board International Space Station ( ISS ) by using a Satellite carrying a Laser device ( optical Laser ) on the other side of Earth Orbit targeted towards ISS.The Sun will be between the Satellite and the ISS so the Laser will pass the neighborhoods of the Sun at a distance $ R $ in order to reach ISS . The Laser beam will be Gravitationally Bent according to Classical General Relativity and the Extra Terms predicted by Kar-Sinha in the Gravitational Bending Of Light due to the presence of Extra Dimensions can perhaps be measured with precision equipment.By computing the Gravitational Bending according to Einstein we know the exact position where the Laser will reach the target on-board ISS.However if the Laser arrives at ISS with a Bending different than the one predicted by Einstein and if this difference is equal to the Extra Terms predicted by Kar-Sinha then this experience would proof that we live in a Universe of more than 4 Dimensions.We demonstrate in this work that ISS have the needed precision to detect these Extra Terms ( see eq 137 in this work ) .Such experience would resemble the measures of the Gravitational Bending Of Light by Sir Arthur Stanley Eddington in the Sun Eclipse of 1919 that helped to proof the correctness of General Relativity although in ISS case would have more degres of accuracy because we would be free from the interference of Earth Atmosphere .
0710.0982	physics.gen-ph	Mathematical genesis ? Big Bang and Cantor set	A mathematical framework is proposed for the `` big bang '' . It starts with some Cantor set and assumes the existence of a transformation from that set to the continuum set used in conventional physical theories like general relativity and quantum mechanics .
0710.0996	physics.soc-ph physics.gen-ph	Intelligibility and First Passage Times In Complex Urban Networks	Topology of urban environments can be represented by means of graphs . We explore the graph representations of several compact urban patterns by random walks . The expected time of recurrence and the expected first passage time to a node scales apparently linearly in all urban patterns we have studied In space syntax theory , a positive relation between the local property of a node ( qualified by connectivity or by the recurrence time ) and the global property of the node ( estimated in our approach by the first passage time to it ) is known as intelligibility . Our approach based on random walks allows to extend the notion of intelligibility onto the entire domain of complex networks and graph theory .
0710.1006	physics.plasm-ph physics.chem-ph	Thermophysical properties of warm dense hydrogen	We study the thermophysical properties of warm dense hydrogen using quantum molecular dynamics simulations . New results are presented for the pair distribution functions , the equation of state , the Hugoniot curve , and the reflectivity . We compare with available experimental data and predictions of the chemical picture . Especially , we discuss the nonmetal-to-metal transition which occurs at about 40 GPa in the dense fluid .
0710.1008	physics.gen-ph	Entanglement : A myth introducing non-locality in any quantum theory	The purposes of the present article are : a ) To show that non-locality leads to the transfer of certain amounts of energy and angular momentum at very long distances , in an absolutely strange and unnatural manner , in any model reproducing the quantum mechanical results . b ) To prove that non-locality is the result only of the zero spin state assumption for distant particles , which explains its presence in any quantum mechanical model . c ) To reintroduce locality , simply by denying the existence of the zero spin state in nature ( the so-called highly correlated , or EPR singlet state ) for particles non-interacting with any known field . d ) To propose a realizable experiment to clarify if two remote ( and thus non-interacting with a known field ) particles , supposed to be correlated as in Bell-type experiments , are actually in zero spin state .
0710.1036	physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph	Testing the Hydrogen Peroxide-Water Hypothesis for Life on Mars with the TEGA instrument on the Phoenix Lander	Since Viking has conducted its life detection experiments on Mars , many missions have enhanced our knowledge about the environmental conditions on the Red Planet . However , the Martian surface chemistry and the Viking lander results remain puzzling . Non-biological explanations that favor a strong inorganic oxidant are currently favored ( e.g. , Mancinelli , 1989 ; Quinn and Zent , 1999 ; Klein , 1999 , Yen et al. , 2000 ) , but problems remain regarding the life time , source , and abundance of that oxidant to account for the Viking observations ( Zent and McKay , 1994 ) . Alternatively , a hypothesis favoring the biological origin of a strong oxidizer has recently been advanced ( Houtkooper and Schulze-Makuch , 2007 ) . Here , we report about laboratory experiments that simulate the experiments to be conducted by the Thermal and Evolved Gas Analyzer ( TEGA ) instrument of the Phoenix lander , which is to descend on Mars in May 2008 . Our experiments provide a baseline for an unbiased test for chemical versus biological responses , which can be applied at the time the Phoenix Lander transmits its first results from the Martian surface .
0710.1068	physics.data-an cond-mat.stat-mech gr-qc math.ST physics.gen-ph stat.TH	Information and Entropy	What is information ? Is it physical ? We argue that in a Bayesian theory the notion of information must be defined in terms of its effects on the beliefs of rational agents . Information is whatever constrains rational beliefs and therefore it is the force that induces us to change our minds . This problem of updating from a prior to a posterior probability distribution is tackled through an eliminative induction process that singles out the logarithmic relative entropy as the unique tool for inference . The resulting method of Maximum relative Entropy ( ME ) , which is designed for updating from arbitrary priors given information in the form of arbitrary constraints , includes as special cases both MaxEnt ( which allows arbitrary constraints ) and Bayes ' rule ( which allows arbitrary priors ) . Thus , ME unifies the two themes of these workshops -- the Maximum Entropy and the Bayesian methods -- into a single general inference scheme that allows us to handle problems that lie beyond the reach of either of the two methods separately . I conclude with a couple of simple illustrative examples .
0710.1071	physics.class-ph gr-qc nlin.CD physics.data-an	From Information Geometry to Newtonian Dynamics	Newtonian dynamics is derived from prior information codified into an appropriate statistical model . The basic assumption is that there is an irreducible uncertainty in the location of particles so that the state of a particle is defined by a probability distribution . The corresponding configuration space is a statistical manifold the geometry of which is defined by the information metric . The trajectory follows from a principle of inference , the method of Maximum Entropy . No additional `` physical '' postulates such as an equation of motion , or an action principle , nor the concepts of momentum and of phase space , not even the notion of time , need to be postulated . The resulting entropic dynamics reproduces the Newtonian dynamics of any number of particles interacting among themselves and with external fields . Both the mass of the particles and their interactions are explained as a consequence of the underlying statistical manifold .
0710.1081	physics.atom-ph	Confinement effects in a guided-wave interferometer with millimeter-scale arm separation	Guided-wave atom interferometers measure interference effects using atoms held in a confining potential . In one common implementation , the confinement is primarily two-dimensional , and the atoms move along the nearly free dimension under the influence of an off-resonant standing wave laser beam . In this configuration , residual confinement along the nominally free axis can introduce a phase gradient to the atoms that limits the arm separation of the interferometer . We experimentally investigate this effect in detail , and show that it can be alleviated by having the atoms undergo a more symmetric motion in the guide . This can be achieved by either using additional laser pulses or by allowing the atoms to freely oscillate in the potential . Using these techniques , we demonstrate interferometer measurement times up to 72 ms and arm separations up to 0.42 mm with a well controlled phase , or times of 0.91 s and separations of 1.7 mm with an uncontrolled phase .
0710.1119	physics.gen-ph	Proper Mass Variation under Gravitational and Coulomb Force Action in Relativistic Mechanics of Point Particle	The problem studied is formulated in the title : proper mass variation under gravitational and Coulomb force action in Relativistic Mechanics of point particle . The novelty is that equations of motion are obtained in the relativistic Lagrangean framework for conservative force fields under assumption of field dependent proper mass . The dependence of proper mass on field strength is derived from the equations of particle motion . The result is the elimination of a classical 1/r divergence . It is shown that a photon in a gravitational field may be described in terms of a refracting massless medium . This makes the gravity phenomenon compatible with SR Dynamic framework . New results concerning gravitational properties of particle and photon , as well as an experimental test of predicted deviation from 1/r^2 classical Coulomb force law are discussed . The conclusion is made that the approach of field-dependent proper mass is perspective for better understanding GR problems and further studies on divergence-free field theory development . Key words : Relativity ; gravity ; Coulomb ; particle ; photon ; speed of light ; proper mass variation . PACS : 03.30.+p , 04.20.-g
