0704.3117	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph	Positronic complexes with unnatural parity	The structure of the unnatural parity states of PsH , LiPs , NaPs and KPs are investigated with the configuration interaction and stochastic variational methods . The binding energies ( in hartree ) are found to be 8.17x10-4 , 4.42x10-4 , 15.14x10-4 and 21.80x10-4 respectively . These states are constructed by first coupling the two electrons into a configuration which is predominantly 3Pe , and then adding a p-wave positron . All the active particles are in states in which the relative angular momentum between any pair of particles is at least L = 1 . The LiPs state is Borromean since there are no 3-body bound subsystems ( of the correct symmetry ) of the ( Li+ , e- , e- , e+ ) particles that make up the system . The dominant decay mode of these states will be radiative decay into a configuration that autoionizes or undergoes positron annihilation .
0704.3137	physics.atom-ph	Scanning magnetoresistance microscopy of atom chips	Surface based geometries of microfabricated wires or patterned magnetic films can be used to magnetically trap and manipulate ultracold neutral atoms or Bose-Einstein condensates . We investigate the magnetic properties of such atom chips using a scanning magnetoresistive ( MR ) microscope with high spatial resolution and high field sensitivity . We show that MR sensors are ideally suited to observe small variations of the magnetic field caused by imperfections in the wires or magnetic materials which ultimately lead to fragmentation of ultracold atom clouds . Measurements are also provided for the magnetic field produced by a thin current-carrying wire with small geometric modulations along the edge . Comparisons of our measurements with a full numeric calculation of the current flow in the wire and the subsequent magnetic field show excellent agreement . Our results highlight the use of scanning MR microscopy as a convenient and powerful technique for precisely characterizing the magnetic fields produced near the surface of atom chips .
0704.3170	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech physics.data-an	Zipf 's law and city sizes : A short tutorial review on multiplicative processes in urban growth	We address the role of multiplicative stochastic processes in modeling the occurrence of power-law city size distributions . As an explanation of the result of Zipf 's rank analysis , Simon 's model is presented in a mathematically elementary way , with a thorough discussion of the involved hypotheses . Emphasis is put on the flexibility of the model , as to its possible extensions and the relaxation of some strong assumptions . We point out some open problems regarding the prediction of the detailed shape of Zipf 's rank plots , which may be tackled by means of such extensions .
0704.3185	physics.atom-ph	Relativistic self-consistent-field calculations of the hyperfine structure in the 4d-shell ions	Relativistic self-consistent-field calculations of the radial hyperfine integrals have been performed in the 4d-shell element ions . The comparison with available experimental results gives an estimate of configuration interaction effects in the hyperfine interaction in these ions . The results can also be used to derive nuclear moments from laserspectroscopic measurements of radioactive isotopes . PACS Numbers : 31.15.Ne , 31.30.Gs , 32.10.Fn
0704.3190	physics.ao-ph	MICS Asia Phase II - Sensitivity to the aerosol module	In the framework of the model inter-comparison study - Asia Phase II ( MICS2 ) , where eight models are compared over East Asia , this paper studies the influence of different parameterizations used in the aerosol module on the aerosol concentrations of sulfate and nitrate in PM10 . An intracomparison of aerosol concentrations is done for March 2001 using different configurations of the aerosol module of one of the model used for the intercomparison . Single modifications of a reference setup for model configurations are performed and compared to a reference case . These modifications concern the size distribution , i.e . the number of sections , and physical processes , i.e . coagulation , condensation/evaporation , cloud chemistry , heterogeneous reactions and sea-salt emissions . Comparing monthly averaged concentrations at different stations , the importance of each parameterization is first assessed . It is found that sulfate concentrations are little sensitive to sea-salt emissions and to whether condensation is computed dynamically or by assuming thermodynamic equilibrium . Nitrate concentrations are little sensitive to cloud chemistry . However , a very high sensitivity to heterogeneous reactions is observed . Thereafter , the variability of the aerosol concentrations to the use of different chemistry transport models ( CTMs ) and the variability to the use of different parameterizations in the aerosol module are compared . For sulfate , the variability to the use of different parameterizations in the aerosol module is lower than the variability to the use of different CTMs . However , for nitrate , for monthly averaged concentrations averaged over four stations , these two variabilities have the same order of magnitude .
0704.3193	physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph	A Rational Method for Probing Macromolecules Dissociation : The Antibody-Hapten System	The unbinding process of a protein-ligand complex of major biological interest was investigated by means of a computational approach at atomistic classical mechanical level . An energy minimisation-based technique was used to determine the dissociation paths of the system by probing only a relevant set of generalized coordinates . The complex problem was reduced to a low-dimensional scanning along a selected distance between the protein and the ligand . Orientational coordinates of the escaping fragment ( the ligand ) were also assessed in order to further characterise the unbinding . Solvent effects were accounted for by means of the Poisson -- Boltzmann continuum model . The corresponding dissociation time was derived from the calculated barrier height , in compliance with the experimentally reported Arrhenius-like behaviour . The computed results are in good agreement with the available experimental data .
0704.3211	physics.plasm-ph	Ergodic model for the expansion of spherical nanoplasmas	Recently , the collisionless expansion of spherical nanoplasmas has been analyzed with a new ergodic model , clarifying the transition from hydrodynamic-like to Coulomb-explosion regimes , and providing accurate laws for the relevant features of the phenomenon . A complete derivation of the model is here presented . The important issue of the self-consistent initial conditions is addressed by analyzing the initial charging transient due to the electron expansion , in the approximation of immobile ions . A comparison among different kinetic models for the expansion is presented , showing that the ergodic model provides a simplified description , which retains the essential information on the electron distribution , in particular , the energy spectrum . Results are presented for a wide range of initial conditions ( determined from a single dimensionless parameter ) , in excellent agreement with calculations from the exact Vlasov-Poisson theory , thus providing a complete and detailed characterization of all the stages of the expansion .
0704.3239	physics.atom-ph physics.comp-ph	A general approach to few-cycle intense laser interactions with complex atoms	A general { \it ab-initio } and non-perturbative method to solve the time-dependent Schr\ '' odinger equation ( TDSE ) for the interaction of a strong attosecond laser pulse with a general atom , i.e. , beyond the models of quasi-one-electron or quasi-two-electron targets , is described . The field-free Hamiltonian and the dipole matrices are generated using a flexible $ B $ -spline $ R $ -matrix method . This numerical implementation enables us to construct term-dependent , non-orthogonal sets of one-electron orbitals for the bound and continuum electrons . The solution of the TDSE is propagated in time using the Arnoldi-Lanczos method , which does not require the diagonalization of any large matrices . The method is illustrated by an application to the multi-photon excitation and ionization of Ne atoms . Good agreement with $ R $ -matrix Floquet calculations for the generalized cross sections for two-photon ionization is achieved .
0704.3246	physics.flu-dyn physics.ao-ph	Nonlinear stage of the Benjamin-Feir instability : Three-dimensional coherent structures and rogue waves	A specific , genuinely three-dimensional mechanism of rogue wave formation , in a late stage of the modulational instability of a perturbed Stokes deep-water wave , is recognized through numerical experiments . The simulations are based on fully nonlinear equations describing weakly three-dimensional potential flows of an ideal fluid with a free surface in terms of conformal variables . Spontaneous formation of zigzag patterns for wave amplitude is observed in a nonlinear stage of the instability . If initial wave steepness is sufficiently high ( $ ka > 0.06 $ ) , these coherent structures produce rogue waves . The most tall waves appear in `` turns '' of the zigzags . For $ ka < 0.06 $ , the structures decay typically without formation of steep waves .
0704.3252	physics.geo-ph astro-ph.EP	An analysis of celestial pole offset observations in the free core nutation frequency band	In this study , three empirical Free Core Nutation ( FCN ) models developed to the present time , MHB2000 , Malkin 's and Lambert 's ones , are compared on the basis of representation of variations of the FCN amplitude and phase predicted by these models . It is possible to conclude , that the model of the author provides the most realistic representation of the FCN variations . However , the specified models are based on representation about single FCN rotational mode . At the same time , some results of processing of the VLBI observations made during last years , specify possible presence of two close FCN periods . A theoretical explanation to presence of a second FCN frequency FCN has been given by G. Krasinsky in his theory of rotation of the Earth with two-layer liquid core , ERA2005 . In the present work , for more detailed studying this phenomenon , the IVS time series of celestial pole offset , and also those predicted by the ERA2005 theory , have been investigated by means of several statistical methods which confidently show presence of two fluctuations in nutational movement of an Earth 's rotation axis with the periods about -452 and -410 solar days .
0704.3273	physics.comp-ph physics.class-ph	Forward and non-forward symplectic integrators in solving classical dynamics problems	Forward time step integrators are splitting algorithms with only positive splitting coefficients . When used in solving physical evolution equations , these positive coefficients correspond to positive time steps . Forward algorithms are essential for solving time-irreversible equations that can not be evolved using backward time steps . However , forward integrators are also better in solving time-reversible equations of classical dynamics by tracking as closely as possible the physical trajectory . This work compares in detail various forward and non-forward fourth-order integrators using three , fourth , five and six force evaluations . In the case of solving the 2D Kepler orbit , all non-forward integrators are optimized by simply minimizing the size of their backward time steps .
0704.3277	physics.gen-ph physics.class-ph	Tachyons and superluminal boosts	Some arguments in favour of the existence of tachyons and extensions of the Lorentz Group are presented . On the former , it is observed that with a slight modification to standard electromagnetic theory a single superluminal charge will bind to itself in a self-sustaining circular orbit , suggestive of a ( modified ) electromagnetic interpretation of the strong force . Symmetries in that theory are used in the subsequent analysis as a starting point in the search for physically-motivated extensions of the Lorentz Group . There is some discussion of the validity of imaginary coordinates in superluminal transformations of frame . The article concludes with some speculation on the implications for faster-than light travel .
0704.3279	physics.gen-ph physics.class-ph	Un-renormalized Classical Electromagnetism	This paper follows in the tradition of direct-action versions of electromagnetism having the aim of avoiding a balance of infinities wherein a mechanical mass offsets an infinite electromagnetic mass so as to arrive at a finite observed value . Given that , in this respect the direct-action approached ultimately failed because its initial exclusion of self-action was found to be untenable in the relativistic domain , this paper continues the tradition considering instead a version of electromagnetism wherein mechanical action is excluded and self-action is retained . It is shown that the resulting theory is effectively interacting due to the presence of infinite forces . A vehicle for the investigation is a pair of classical point charges in a positronium-like arrangement for which the orbits are found to be self-sustaining and naturally quantized .
