0710.0054	physics.optics cond-mat.mes-hall	Coupled nanopillar waveguides : optical properties and applications	In this paper we review basic properties of coupled periodic and aperiodic nanopillar waveguides . A coupled nanopillar waveguide consists of several rows of periodically or aperiodically placed dielectric rods ( pillars ) . In such a waveguide , light confinement is due to the total internal reflection , while guided modes dispersion is strongly affected by the waveguide structure . We present a systematic analysis of the optical properties of coupled nanopillar waveguides and discuss their possible applications for integrated optics .
0710.0059	physics.comp-ph physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Motif-based communities in complex networks	Community definitions usually focus on edges , inside and between the communities . However , the high density of edges within a community determines correlations between nodes going beyond nearest-neighbours , and which are indicated by the presence of motifs . We show how motifs can be used to define general classes of nodes , including communities , by extending the mathematical expression of Newman-Girvan modularity . We construct then a general framework and apply it to some synthetic and real networks .
0710.0063	physics.flu-dyn astro-ph nlin.CD	The Lorentz force effect on the On-Off dynamo intermittency	An investigation of the dynamo instability close to the threshold produced by an ABC forced flow is presented . We focus on the on-off intermittency behavior of the dynamo and the counter-effect of the Lorentz force in the non-linear stage of the dynamo . The Lorentz force drastically alters the statistics of the turbulent fluctuations of the flow and reduces their amplitude . As a result much longer burst ( on-phases ) are observed than what is expected based on the amplitude of the fluctuations in the kinematic regime of the dynamo . For large Reynolds numbers , the duration time of the `` On '' phase follows a power law distribution , while for smaller Reynolds numbers the Lorentz force completely kills the noise and the system transits from a chaotic state into a `` laminar '' time periodic flow . The behavior of the On-Off intermittency as the Reynolds number is increased is also examined . The connections with dynamo experiments and theoretical modeling are discussed .
0710.0064	physics.plasm-ph	A sufficient condition for the linear stability of magnetohydrodynamic equilibria with field aligned incompressible flows	A sufficient condition for the linear stability of three dimensional equilibria with incompressible flows parallel to the magnetic field is derived . The condition involves physically interpretable terms related to the magnetic shear and the flow shear .
0710.0068	physics.gen-ph	Wheeler 's Gravitomagnetism Revisited I : A Purely Lorentz-Compton Approach to Vector Gravitational Waves and Trio-Holes	A theory of vector gravitational waves is presented on the basis of an additional gravitational field , recovering ideas that go back to H. A. Lorentz , field that A. Wheeler called `` gravitomagnetism '' . The theory is independent of Einstein 's General Relativity Theory , but is consistent with the Einstein-Lorentz framework of Special Relativity , so that the resulting equations are considered exact from the start , and not approximations valid for velocities small compared with the speed of light . A simple model of mass formation and presence of angular momentum started with a new type of singularity , `` trio-holes '' , is exhibited .
0710.0078	physics.gen-ph	The Method of the Description of Dynamics Nonequilibrium Systems within the Frames of the Classical Mechanics	Within the frames of the analytical mechanics the method of the description of dynamics of nonequilibrium systems of potentially interacting elements is develops . The method is based on an opportunity of representation of nonequilibrium system by set of interacting equilibrium subsystems . The equation of motion of interacting subsystems is found . Based on it the Lagrange , Hamilton and Liouville equations for subsystems are obtained . The expression of an entropy production is found . The way of a substantiation of thermodynamics in the frames of classical mechanic is offered .
0710.0086	physics.atom-ph	An Optical Lattice Clock with Spin-polarized 87Sr Atoms	We present a new evaluation of an 87Sr optical lattice clock using spin polarized atoms . The frequency of the 1S0-3P0 clock transition is found to be 429 228 004 229 873.6 Hz with a fractional accuracy of 2.6 10^ { -15 } , a value that is comparable to the frequency difference between the various primary standards throughout the world . This measurement is in excellent agreement with a previous one of similar accuracy .
0710.0099	physics.optics	Elastic-like Collision of Gap Solitons in Bragg Gap Regions within Nonlocal Nonlinear Photonic Crystals	We analyze the existence , stability , and mobility of gap solitons in a periodic photonic structure with nonlocal nonlinearity . Within the Bragg region of band gaps , gap solitons exhibit better stability and higher mobility due to the combinations of non-locality effect and the oscillation nature of Bloch waves . Using linear stability analysis and calculating the Peierls-Nabarro potentials , we demonstrate that gap solitons can revive a non-trivial elastic-like collision even in the periodic systems with the help of nonlocal nonlinearity . Such interesting behaviors of gap solitons in nonlocal nonlinear photonic crystals are believed to be useful in optical switching devices .
