0704.2290	physics.gen-ph	The Heaviside equation for laser heating of the fullerennes	In his paper the heating of the fullerenes by ultra-short laser pulses is investigated . The thermal Heaviside equation is formulated and solved for the Cauchy initial condition The effective thermal relaxation time is calculated.. Key words : fullerenes , Heaviside thermal equation , effective thermal relaxation time .
0704.2299	physics.atom-ph	One-dimensional Rydberg Gas in a Magnetoelectric Trap	We study the quantum properties of Rydberg atoms in a magnetic Ioffe-Pritchard trap which is superimposed by a homogeneous electric field . Trapped Rydberg atoms can be created in long-lived electronic states exhibiting a permanent electric dipole moment of several hundred Debye . The resulting dipole-dipole interaction in conjunction with the radial confinement is demonstrated to give rise to an effectively one-dimensional ultracold Rydberg gas with a macroscopic interparticle distance . We derive analytical expressions for the electric dipole moment and the critical linear density of Rydberg atoms .
0704.2323	physics.optics	Bandstructure and optical properties of $ \alpha-LiIO_ { 3 } $ crystal	The bandstructure was calculated by the full-potential linearized augmented plane wave method . The result reveals two important insights to the novel second harmonic generation ( SHG ) of alpha-phase lithium iodate ( $ \alpha-LiIO_ { 3 } $ ) crystal : the existence of finite intra-band momentum matrix elements due to the non-inversion symmetry of the crystal illuminating the potential of the intra-band transition , and the strong covalent bonding between the $ I $ -atoms and the ligand $ O $ -atoms resulting the condition of the double-resonance . An inter-band transition scenario in SHG as $ \alpha-LiIO_ { 3 } $ in nano-structure is proposed . The optical properties were calculated within the theoretical framework of the time-dependent perturbation of the independent-particle model . The dielectric tensors and the refractive index were evaluated . Comparisons between the predictions and the results were made : the x-ray near edge absorption spectra ; the refractive index at the static limit , and at finite frequencies . Possible factors attributing the calculation errors is discussed .
0704.2324	physics.soc-ph	Collective states in social systems with interacting learning agents	We consider a social system of interacting heterogeneous agents with learning abilities , a model close to Random Field Ising Models , where the random field corresponds to the idiosyncratic willingness to pay . Given a fixed price , agents decide repeatedly whether to buy or not a unit of a good , so as to maximize their expected utilities . We show that the equilibrium reached by the system depends on the nature of the information agents use to estimate their expected utilities .
0704.2333	physics.soc-ph	Discrete Choices under Social Influence : Generic Properties	We consider a model of socially interacting individuals that make a binary choice in a context of positive additive endogenous externalities . It encompasses as particular cases several models from the sociology and economics literature . We extend previous results to the case of a general distribution of idiosyncratic preferences , called here Idiosyncratic Willingnesses to Pay ( IWP ) . Positive additive externalities yield a family of inverse demand curves that include the classical downward sloping ones but also new ones with non constant convexity . When j , the ratio of the social influence strength to the standard deviation of the IWP distribution , is small enough , the inverse demand is a classical monotonic ( decreasing ) function of the adoption rate . Even if the IWP distribution is mono-modal , there is a critical value of j above which the inverse demand is non monotonic , decreasing for small and high adoption rates , but increasing within some intermediate range . Depending on the price there are thus either one or two equilibria . Beyond this first result , we exhibit the generic properties of the boundaries limiting the regions where the system presents different types of equilibria ( unique or multiple ) . These properties are shown to depend only on qualitative features of the IWP distribution : modality ( number of maxima ) , smoothness and type of support ( compact or infinite ) . The main results are summarized as phase diagrams in the space of the model parameters , on which the regions of multiple equilibria are precisely delimited .
0704.2339	physics.gen-ph	Scale invariant quantum potential leading to globally self-trapped wave function in Madelung fluid	We show in spatially one dimensional Madelung fluid that a simple requirement on local stability of the maximum of quantum probability density will , if combined with the global scale invariance of quantum potential , lead to a class of quantum probability densities globally being self-trapped by their own self-generated quantum potentials , possessing only a finite-size spatial support . It turns out to belong to a class of the most probable wave function given its energy through the maximum entropy principle . We proceed to show that there is a limiting case in which the quantum probability density becomes the stationary-moving soliton-like solution of the Schr\ '' odinger equation .
0704.2346	physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph	Transition on the entropic elasticity of DNA induced by intercalating molecules	We use optical tweezers to perform stretching experiments on DNA molecules when interacting with the drugs daunomycin and ethidium bromide , which intercalate the DNA molecule . These experiments are performed in the low-force regime from zero up to 2 pN . Our results show that the persistence length of the DNA-drug complexes increases strongly as the drug concentration increases up to some critical value . Above this critical value , the persistence length decreases abruptly and remains practically constant for larger drug concentrations . The contour length of the molecules increases monotonically and saturates as drugs concentration increases . Measured in- tercalants critical concentrations for the persistence length transition coincide with reported values for the helix-coil transition of DNA-drug complexes , obtained from sedimentation experiments .
0704.2354	physics.class-ph	A study of the size of snow particles in powder snow avalanches	In this work , we study the size of the particles involved in a powder snow avalanche phenomenon . To determine these sizes , we study all the phenomena the particles have to face before arriving in the `` body '' of the avalanche . We study the boundary layer which is at the bottom of the avalanche . We determine , with the help of experimental data , the range of size of the particles that can be entrained by the avalanche . We then examine the possibility for these particles to reach the top of the boundary layer , and so to take part in the avalanche . Our final result is that the more frequent particles suspended in a powder snow avalanche have a size lower than 200 micrometers .
0704.2356	physics.class-ph	Experimental Results and Analytical Predictions of EHL Film Thickness	In this work , we consider several types of lubricants - including non-Newtonian fluids - that were studied under various operating conditions leading us to explore a wide range of dimensionless parameters . The experimental results are compared with predictions given by the usual analytical EHL relationships and by more recently developed models . This broad comparison conducted with particular emphasis on minimum film thickness ( hm ) showed a fair agreement between experimental data and a few predictions including some obtained from extended models . Commonly used elasto-hydrodynamic lubrication ( EHL ) models did not systematically gave accurate hm estimation , whereas minimum film thickness not only is a yield value but also serves as a key parameter in estimating lubrication regimes .
0704.2364	physics.class-ph	Yield design formulation for porous media subjected to flow , using approximate pressure field . Calcul \`a la rupture en pr\'esence d'un \'ecoulement : formulation cin\'ematique avec un champ de pression approch\'e	Yield design formulation for porous media subjected to flow , using approximate pressure field . We attempt here to use the kinematic method of yield design in the case of a porous medium subjected to flow ( with or without free surface ) , without looking for the exact solution of the pressure field . The method proposed here is based on the use of approximate pressure fields . In this paper , we show how , under different conditions concerning the yield criterion and the velocity field , the use of such approximate fields allows to obtain a necessary condition for stability without having to find the real pressure field . Nous cherchons ici \`a utiliser la m\'ethode cin\'ematique du calcul \`a la rupture dans le cas d'un milieu poreux soumis \`a un \'ecoulement avec ou sans surface libre sans conna\^itre la solution exacte du champ de pression . La m\'ethode propos\'ee ici repose sur l'utilisation de champs de pression approch\'es par d\'efaut . Nous montrerons comment sous certaines conditions portant sur le crit\`ere de r\'esistance et sur le champ de vitesse utilis\'e , l'utilisation de tels champs de pression approch\'es permet d'obtenir une condition n\'ecessaire de stabilit\'e sans avoir \`a d\'eterminer exactement l'\'ecoulement .
0704.2366	physics.class-ph	Analogy electromagnetism-acoustics : Validation and application to local impedance active control for sound absorption	An analogy between electromagnetism and acoustics is presented in 2D . The propagation of sound in presence of absorbing material is modeled using an open boundary microwave package . Validation is performed through analytical and experimental results . Application to local impedance active control for free field sound absorption is finally described .
0704.2371	physics.comp-ph physics.atm-clus	Molecular Dynamics Study of a Thermal Expansion Coefficient : Ti Bulk with an Elastic Minimum Image Method	Linear thermal expansion coefficient ( TEC ) and specific heat of Ti bulk is investigated by means of molecular dynamics simulation . Elastic Minimum Image Convention of periodic boundary conditions is introduced to allow the bulk to adjust its size according to the new temporarily fixed temperature . The TEC and the specific heat of Ti are compared to the available theoretical and experimental data .
0704.2374	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Growing Directed Networks : Estimation and Hypothesis Testing	Based only on the information gathered in a snapshot of a directed network , we present a formal way of checking if the proposed model is correct for the empirical growing network under study . In particular , we show how to estimate the attractiveness , and present an application of the model presented in [ arxiv:0704.1847 ] to the scientific publications network from the ISI dataset .
0704.2396	physics.class-ph physics.ed-ph	An English translation o Bertrand 's theorem	A beautiful theorem due to J. L. F. Bertrand concerning the laws of attraction that admit bounded closed orbits for arbitrarily chosen initial conditions is translated from French into English .
0704.2437	physics.optics	Multiple quantum wells for passive ultra short laser pulse generation	Solid state lasers are demanding independent control in the gain media and cavity loss to achieve ultra short laser pulses using passive mode-locking . Recently , laser mode-locking is achieved with a MBE structure with multiple quantum wells , designed to achieve two functions ; Bragg mirror and changes in absorption to control the cavity dynamics . The use of an AlGaAs/AlAs Bragg mirror with a 15 nm GaAs saturable absorber used in a Cr : LiSAF tuneable laser proved to be effective to produce femtosecond pulses . The use of saturable absorbers thus far is a trial and error procedure that is changing due to the correlation with more predictive procedures .
