0709.0087	physics.pop-ph hep-ph physics.ed-ph quant-ph	Research News -- Quantum Mechanical Entanglement and Tests of CPT Theorem with Neutral Mesons at e+ e- Colliders	We review the recent confirmation of quantum entanglement in e+ e- collisions at the BELLE experiment at KEK-B in Japan with neutral B- mesons , and at the KLOE experiment at the DAFNE in Italy with neutral K- mesons . Such effects in the latter system seen already in proton-antiproton collisions by the CPLEAR experiment are also reviewed for purposes of comparison . In addition , the KLOE experiment provides new tests of the CPT theorem and are briefly discussed .
0709.0107	physics.ed-ph	Real-world ballistics : A dropped bucket	I discuss an apparently simple ballistics problem : the time it takes an object to fall a small vertical distance near the surface of the Earth . It turns out to be not so simple ; I spend a great deal of time on the quantitative assessment of the assumptions involved , especially with regards to the influence of the air . The point is \emph { not } to solve the problem ; indeed I do n't even end up solving the problem exactly . I introduce dimensional analysis to perform all of the calculations approximately . The principal theme of the lecture is that \emph { real } physics can be very different from `` textbook '' physics , since in the real world you are n't ever told what equations are appropriate , or why .
0709.0122	physics.optics	Towards Low Cost Coupling Structures for Short-Distance Optical Interconnections	The performance of short distance optical interconnections in general relies very strongly on coupling structures , since they will determine the overall efficiency of the system to a large extent . Different configurations can be considered and a variety of manufacturing technologies can be used . We present two different discrete and two different integrated coupling components which can be used to deflect the light beam over 90 degrees and can play a crucial role when integrating optical interconnections in printed circuit boards . The fabrication process of the different coupling structures is discussed and experimental results are shown . The main characteristics of the coupling structures are given . The main advantages and disadvantages of the different components are discussed .
0709.0130	physics.atom-ph	Magic wavelengths for the np-ns transitions in alkali-metal atoms	Extensive calculations of the electric-dipole matrix elements in alkali-metal atoms are conducted using the relativistic all-order method . This approach is a linearized version of the coupled-cluster method , which sums infinite sets of many-body perturbation theory terms . All allowed transitions between the lowest ns , np_1/2 , np_3/2 states and a large number of excited states are considered in these calculations and their accuracy is evaluated . The resulting electric-dipole matrix elements are used for the high-precision calculation of frequency-dependent polarizabilities of the excited states of alkali-metal atoms . We find magic wavelengths in alkali-metal atoms for which the ns and np_1/2 and np_3/2 atomic levels have the same ac Stark shifts , which facilitates state-insensitive optical cooling and trapping .
