0707.3214	physics.chem-ph	The quantum solvation , adiabatic versus nonadiabatic , and Markovian versus non-Markovian nature of electron transfer rate processes	In this work , we revisit the electron transfer rate theory , with particular interests in the distinct quantum solvation effect , and the characterizations of adiabatic/nonadiabatic and Markovian/non-Markovian rate processes . We first present a full account for the quantum solvation effect on the electron transfer in Debye solvents , addressed previously in J. Theore . & Comput . Chem . { \bf 5 } , 685 ( 2006 ) . Distinct reaction mechanisms , including the quantum solvation-induced transitions from barrier-crossing to tunneling , and from barrierless to quantum barrier-crossing rate processes , are shown in the fast modulation or low viscosity regime . This regime is also found in favor of nonadiabatic rate processes . We further propose to use Kubo 's motional narrowing line shape function to describe the Markovian character of the reaction . It is found that a non-Markovian rate process is most likely to occur in a symmetric system in the fast modulation regime , where the electron transfer is dominant by tunneling due to the Fermi resonance .
0707.3221	physics.data-an physics.chem-ph	Continuous Time Random Walks ( CTRWs ) : Simulation of continuous trajectories	Continuous time random walks have been developed as a straightforward generalisation of classical random walk processes . Some 10 years ago , Fogedby introduced a continuous representation of these processes by means of a set of Langevin equations [ H. C. Fogedby , Phys . Rev . E 50 ( 1994 ) ] . The present work is devoted to a detailed discussion of Fogedby 's model and presents its application for the robust numerical generation of sample paths of continuous time random walk processes .
0707.3234	physics.gen-ph physics.ao-ph physics.geo-ph	Global Sea Level Stabilization-Sand Dune Fixation : A Solar-powered Sahara Seawater Textile Pipeline	Could anthropogenic saturation with pumped seawater of the porous ground of active sand dune fields in major deserts ( e.g. , the westernmost Sahara ) cause a beneficial reduction of global sea level ? Seawater extraction from the ocean , and its deposition on deserted sand dune fields in Mauritania and elsewhere via a Solar-powered Seawater Textile Pipeline ( SSTP ) can thwart the postulated future global sea level . Thus , Macro-engineering offers an additional cure for anticipated coastal change , driven by global sea level rise , that could supplement , or substitute for ( 1 ) stabilizing the shoreline with costly defensive public works ( armoring macroprojects ) and ( 2 ) permanent retreat from the existing shoreline ( real and capital property abandonment ) . We propose Macro-engineering use tactical technologies that sculpt and vegetate barren near-coast sand dune fields with seawater , seawater that would otherwise , as commonly postulated , enlarge Earth seascape area ! Our Macro-engineering speculation blends eremology with hydrogeology and some hydromancy . We estimate its cost at 1 billion dollars - about 0.01 per sent of the USA 2007 Gross Domestic Product .
