0710.3837	physics.bio-ph q-bio.MN	Potential for regulatory genetic networks of gene expression near a stable point	A description for regulatory genetic network based on generalized potential energy is constructed . The potential energy is derived from the steady state solution of linearized Fokker-Plank equation , and the result is shown to be equivalent to the system of coupled oscillators . The correspondence between the quantities from the mechanical picture and the steady-state fluctuations is established . Explicit calculation is given for auto-regulatory networks in which , the force constant associated with the degree of protein is very weak . Negative feedback not only suppresses the fluctuations but also increases the steepness of the potential . The results for the fluctuations agree completely with those obtained from linear noise Fokker-Planck equation .
0710.3859	physics.bio-ph physics.med-ph q-bio.CB	Endogenous versus Exogenous Origins of Diseases	Many illnesses are associated with an alteration of the immune system homeostasis due to any combination of factors , including exogenous bacterial insult , endogenous breakdown ( e.g. , development of a disease that results in immuno suppression ) , or an exogenous hit like surgery that simultaneously alters immune responsiveness and provides access to bacteria , or genetic disorder . We conjecture that , as a consequence of the co-evolution of the immune system of individuals with the ecology of pathogens , the homeostasis of the immune system requires the influx of pathogens . This allows the immune system to keep the ever present pathogens under control and to react and adjust fast to bursts of infections . We construct the simplest and most general system of rate equations which describes the dynamics of five compartments : healthy cells , altered cells , adaptive and innate immune cells , and pathogens . We study four regimes obtained with or without auto-immune disorder and with or without spontaneous proliferation of infected cells . Over all regimes , we find that seven different states are naturally described by the model : ( i ) strong healthy immune system , ( ii ) healthy organism with evanescent immune cells , ( iii ) chronic infections , ( iv ) strong infections , ( v ) cancer , ( vi ) critically ill state and ( vii ) death . The analysis of stability conditions demonstrates that these seven states depend on the balance between the robustness of the immune system and the influx of pathogens .
0710.3862	physics.flu-dyn astro-ph physics.geo-ph	Large-scale instability in a sheared nonhelical turbulence : formation of vortical structures	We study a large-scale instability in a sheared nonhelical turbulence that causes generation of large-scale vorticity . Three types of the background large-scale flows are considered , i.e. , the Couette and Poiseuille flows in a small-scale homogeneous turbulence , and the `` log-linear '' velocity shear in an inhomogeneous turbulence . It is known that laminar plane Couette flow and antisymmetric mode of laminar plane Poiseuille flow are stable with respect to small perturbations for any Reynolds numbers . We demonstrate that in a small-scale turbulence under certain conditions the large-scale Couette and Poiseuille flows are unstable due to the large-scale instability . This instability causes formation of large-scale vortical structures stretched along the mean sheared velocity . The growth rate of the large-scale instability for the `` log-linear '' velocity shear is much larger than that for the Couette and Poiseuille background flows . We have found a turbulent analogue of the Tollmien-Schlichting waves in a small-scale sheared turbulence . A mechanism of excitation of turbulent Tollmien-Schlichting waves is associated with a combined effect of the turbulent Reynolds stress-induced generation of perturbations of the mean vorticity and the background sheared motions . These waves can be excited even in a plane Couette flow imposed on a small-scale turbulence when perturbations of mean velocity depend on three spatial coordinates . The energy of these waves is supplied by the small-scale sheared turbulence .
0710.3900	physics.gen-ph	Law without Law	We consider a model for spacetime in which there is an ubiquitous background Dark Energy which is the Zero Point Field . This is further modeled in terms of a Weiner process that leads to a Random or Brownian characterization . Nevertheless we are able to recover meaningful physics , very much in the spirit of Wheeler 's Law without Law , that is laws emerging from an underpinning of lawlessness .
