0712.3861	physics.ao-ph physics.geo-ph	Effect of Multiple Scattering on the Critical Electric Field for Runaway Electrons in the Atmosphere	A simple method for taking into account the multiple Coulomb scattering in construction of a separatrix ( the line separating the regions of runaway and decelerating electrons in an electric field ) is described . The desired line is obtained by solving a simple transcendental equation .
0712.3935	physics.gen-ph physics.ao-ph physics.soc-ph	AB Method of Irrigation without Water ( Closed-loop water cycle )	Author suggests and researches a new revolutionary idea for a closed-loop irrigation method . He offers to cover a given site by a thin closed film with controlled heat conductivity and clarity located at an altitude of 50 300 m. The film is supported at altitude by small additional atmospheric overpressure and connected to the ground by thin cables . Authors show that this closed dome allows full control of the weather in a given region ( the day is always fine , the rain is only at night , no strong winds ) . The dome ( having control of the clarity of film and heat conductivity ) converts the cold regions to subtropics , hot deserts and desolate wildernesses to prosperous regions with a temperate climate . This is a realistic and cheap method of evaporation economical irrigation and virtual weather control on Earth at the current time .
0712.3944	physics.flu-dyn	Lagrangian structure functions in fully-developed hydrodynamical turbulence	The Lagrangian velocity structure functions in the inertial range of fully developed fluid turbulence are derived basing on the Navier-Stokes equations . For time $ \tau $ much smaller than the correlation time , the structure functions are shown to obey the scaling relations $ K_n ( \tau ) \propto \tau^ { \zeta_n } $ . The scaling exponents $ \zeta_n $ are calculated analytically . The obtained values are in amazing agreement with the unique experimental results of the Bodenschatz group \cite { Bod2 } . New notion -- the Lagrangian position structure functions $ R_n ( \tau ) $ is introduced . All the $ R_n $ of the order $ n > 3 $ are shown to have a universal scaling .
0712.4128	physics.optics physics.plasm-ph	Observation of all-optical bump-on-tail instability	We demonstrate an all-optical bump-on-tail instability by considering the nonlinear interaction of two partially-coherent spatial beams . For weak wave coupling , we observe momentum transfer with no variation in intensity . For strong wave coupling , modulations appear in intensity and evidence appears for wave ( Langmuir ) collapse at large scales . Borrowing plasma language , these limits represent regimes of weak and strong spatial optical turbulence . In both limits , the internal spectral energy redistribution is observed by recording and reconstructing a hologram of the evolving dynamics . The results are universal and can appear in any wave-kinetic system with short-wave/long-wave coupling .
0712.4129	physics.ins-det hep-ex	Detectors and flux instrumentation for future neutrino facilities	This report summarises the conclusions from the detector group of the International Scoping Study of a future Neutrino Factory and Super-Beam neutrino facility . The baseline detector options for each possible neutrino beam are defined as follows : 1 . A very massive ( Megaton ) water Cherenkov detector is the baseline option for a sub-GeV Beta Beam and Super Beam facility . 2 . There are a number of possibilities for either a Beta Beam or Super Beam ( SB ) medium energy facility between 1-5 GeV . These include a totally active scintillating detector ( TASD ) , a liquid argon TPC or a water Cherenkov detector . 3 . A 100 kton magnetized iron neutrino detector ( MIND ) is the baseline to detect the wrong sign muon final states ( golden channel ) at a high energy ( 20-50 GeV ) neutrino factory from muon decay . A 10 kton hybrid neutrino magnetic emulsion cloud chamber detector for wrong sign tau detection ( silver channel ) is a possible complement to MIND , if one needs to resolve degeneracies that appear in the $ \delta $ - $ \theta_ { 13 } $ parameter space .
0712.4136	physics.plasm-ph astro-ph cond-mat.str-el	Fast projectile stopping power of quantal multi-component strongly coupled plasmas	The Bethe-Larkin formula for the fast projectile stopping power is extended to multi-component plasmas . The results are to contribute to the correct interpretation of the experimental data , which could permit to test the existing and future models of thermodynamic , static , and dynamic characteristics of strongly coupled Coulomb systems .
