0711.1593	physics.ins-det	Extracting longitudinal shower development information from crystal calorimetry plus tracking	We propose an approach to derive longitudinal shower development information from the longitudinally unsegmented BABAR electromagnetic calorimeter by using tracking information . Our algorithm takes advantage of the good three-dimensional tracking resolution of BABAR , which provides an independent geometric constraint on the shower as measured in the BABAR crystal calorimeter . We show that adding the derived longitudinal shower development information to standard particle identification algorithms significantly improves the low-momentum separation of pions from electrons and muons . We also verify that the energy dependence of the electromagnetic shower development we measure is consistent with the prediction of a standard electromagnetic shower model .
0711.1705	physics.flu-dyn	Fluid Motion Physics : The Total Head Vector of the Real Fluid Stream	The overcoming of a mechanics problem on origin of secondary jet flows , on dynamics of its development and interaction with the main stream of the viscous fluid is reached by means of elucidation of the energy distribution in the stream at its interaction with the flow system walls and a body surface . In contrast to a traditional conception on a total head of a fluid stream in a pipe as a sum of a velocity head and a static pressure , it is ascertained that this sum is only longitudinal component of the stream total head vector . It is stated a new conception and it is produced the expressions for quantitative evaluation of radial and tangential components of the stream total head vector and for angle of its deflection from the stream axis . The new approach has allowed rationally to explain the causes of origin of the secondary jet flows and dynamics of its interaction with the main stream in various cases . Thereby with the taking into account of previous articles of the author the necessary theoretical preconditions has been created for a working out of the modern physically valuable apparatus for mathematical modeling of the real - viscous - fluid motion in any problems of hydromechanics and gas dynamics .
0711.1750	physics.geo-ph cond-mat.stat-mech physics.comp-ph	Self-Organized Criticality and earthquakes	We discuss recent results on a new analysis regarding models showing Self-Organized Criticality ( SOC ) , and in particular on the OFC one . We show that Probability Density Functions ( PDFs ) for the avalanche size differences at different times have fat tails with a q-Gaussian shape . This behavior does not depend on the time interval adopted and it is also found when considering energy differences between real earthquakes .
0711.1760	physics.optics cond-mat.mes-hall	Impurity effects on the band structure of one-dimensional photonic crystals : Experiment and theory	We study the effects of single impurities on the transmission in microwave realizations of the photonic Kronig-Penney model , consisting of arrays of Teflon pieces alternating with air spacings in a microwave guide . As only the first propagating mode is considered , the system is essentially one dimensional obeying the Helmholtz equation . We derive analytical closed form expressions from which the band structure , frequency of defect modes , and band profiles can be determined . These agree very well with experimental data for all types of single defects considered ( e.g . interstitial , substitutional ) and shows that our experimental set-up serves to explore some of the phenomena occurring in more sophisticated experiments . Conversely , based on the understanding provided by our formulas , information about the unknown impurity can be determined by simply observing certain features in the experimental data for the transmission . Further , our results are directly applicable to the closely related quantum 1D Kronig-Penney model .
0711.1777	physics.pop-ph astro-ph	Sustainability : A Tedious Path to Galactic Colonization	Civilization can not sustain an exponential growth for long time even when neglecting numerous laws of physics ! In this paper , we examine what are fundamental obstacles to long term survival of a civilization and its possibility to colonize the Galaxy . Using the solar system as a reference , resources available for sustained growth are analyzed . Using this information , we will explore the probability of discovering a civilization at its different stage of energy evolution as estimating some possible value of L , the typical life time of an extra-terrestrial civilization .
0711.1780	physics.atom-ph physics.comp-ph	Nuclear kinetic energy spectra of D_2^+ in intense laser field : Beyond Born Oppenheimer approximation	Simultaneously , the vibrational nuclear dynamics and full dimensional electronic dynamics of the deuterium molecular ion exposed to the linear polarized intense laser field are studied . The time dependent Schr\ '' odinger equation of the aligned D2+ with the electric laser field is solved for the simulation of the complicated dissociative ionization processes and compared with the recent related experimental results . In this work , the R-dependent ionization rate and the enhanced ionization phenomenon beyond the Born-Oppenheimer approximation ( BOA ) are introduced and calculated . The substructure of the nuclear kinetic energy release spectra are revealed as the Coulomb explosion energy spectra and dissociation energy spectra in the dissociation-ionization channel . The significant and trace of these distinct sub-spectra in the total spectra comparatively are displayed and discussed .
0711.1784	physics.soc-ph	Systemic risk in a network fragility model analyzed with probability density evolution of persistent random walks	We study the mean field approximation of a recent model of cascades on networks relevant to the investigation of systemic risk control in financial networks . In the model , the hypothesis of a trend reinforcement in the stochastic process describing the fragility of the nodes , induces a trade-off in the systemic risk with respect to the density of the network . Increasing the average link density , the network is first less exposed to systemic risk , while above an intermediate value the systemic risk increases . This result offers a simple explanation for the emergence of instabilities in financial systems that get increasingly interwoven . In this paper , we study the dynamics of the probability density function of the average fragility . This converges to a unique stable distribution which can be computed numerically and can be used to estimate the systemic risk as a function of the parameters of the model .
0711.1788	physics.class-ph	Product ecodesign and materials : current status and future prospects	The aim of this paper is to discuss the current status of ecodesign in the industry and its future implications for materials . There is today more and more focus on the environmental impacts of products during their whole life cycle . In particular , ecodesign aims at integrating environmental aspects during the product 's design process as any other criterion , in order to reduce the life cycle impacts . Although a lot of product environmental impact assessment and Design for Environment tools already exist , environmental aspects are unfortunately rarely routinely integrated into product development process in the industry . This is mainly due to the fact that current ecodesign tools are little adapted to designers ' practices , requirements and competencies . After the sequential and DfX paradigms , design of products is today maturing into Integrated Design , where multiple points of views and expertise have to be considered at the same time to progressively define the product .
0711.1797	physics.atm-clus	Experimental Determination of Nucleation Scaling Law for Small Charged Particles	We investigated the nucleation process at the molecular level . Controlled sticking of individual atoms onto mass selected clusters over a wide mass range has been carried out for the first time . We measured the absolute unimolecular nucleation cross sections of cationic sodium clusters Na_ { n } ^ { + } in the range n=25-200 at several collision energies . The widely used hard sphere approximation clearly fails for small sizes : not only should vapor-to-liquid nucleation theories be modified , but also , through the microreversibility principle , cluster decay rate statistical models .
0711.1809	physics.comp-ph	Comparison of phase-field models for surface diffusion	The description of surface-diffusion controlled dynamics via the phase-field method is less trivial than it appears at first sight . A seemingly straightforward approach from the literature is shown to fail to produce the correct asymptotics , albeit in a subtle manner . Two models are constructed that approximate known sharp-interface equations without adding undesired constraints . Linear stability of a planar interface is investigated for the resulting phase-field equations and shown to reduce to the desired limit . Finally , numerical simulations of the standard and a more sophisticated model from the literature as well as of our two new models are performed to assess the relative merits of each approach . The results suggest superior performance of the new models in at least some situations .
0711.1811	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	MEMS-Based Optical Beam Steering System for Quantum Information Processing in 2D Atomic Systems	In order to provide scalability to quantum information processors utilizing trapped atoms or ions as quantum bits ( qubits ) , the capability to address multiple individual qubits in a large array is needed . Micro-electromechanical systems ( MEMS ) technology can be used to create a flexible and scalable optical system to direct the necessary laser beams to multiple qubit locations . We developed beam steering optics using controllable MEMS mirrors that enable one laser beam to address multiple qubit locations in a 2 dimensional trap lattice . MEMS mirror settling times of 10 us were demonstrated which allow for fast access time between qubits .
0711.1833	physics.ins-det	Characterization and performances of new indium loaded organic liquid scintillators , based on novel indium carboxilate compounds	A novel formulation to dope organic liquid scintillators ( OLS ) with indium at concentrations up to 10 % is presented : it is based on specific indium carboxylate compounds adequately synthesized . The produced In-OLS has been characterized : it has light yield 8500 ph/MeV at indium concentration 5.5 % and light attenuation length of 2,5 m at wavelength of 430 nm . The scintillator properties were stable during all time of investigation ( ~ 1 years ) . The produced In-OLS is compared to other In-OLS formulations and shows superior performances . The developed methodic to metal dope OLS can be easily extended to other metals as Gd , Nd , Cd .
0711.1836	physics.soc-ph q-fin.ST	A Markov process associated with plot-size distribution in Czech Land Registry and its number-theoretic properties	The size distribution of land plots is a result of land allocation processes in the past . In the absence of regulation this is a Markov process leading an equilibrium described by a probabilistic equation used commonly in the insurance and financial mathematics . We support this claim by analyzing the distribution of two plot types , garden and build-up areas , in the Czech Land Registry pointing out the coincidence with the distribution of prime number factors described by Dickman function in the first case .
0711.1838	physics.ed-ph	Applying a resources framework to analysis of the Force and Motion Conceptual Evaluation	We suggest one redefinition of common clusters of questions used to analyze student responses on the Force and Motion Conceptual Evaluation ( FMCE ) . Our goal is to move beyond the expert/novice analysis of student learning based on pre-/post-testing and the correctness of responses ( either on the overall test or on clusters of questions defined solely by content ) . We use a resources framework , taking special note of the contextual and representational dependence of questions with seemingly similar physics content . We analyze clusters in ways that allow the most common incorrect answers to give as much , or more , information as the correctness of responses in that cluster . Furthermore , we show that false positives can be found , especially on questions dealing with Newton 's Third Law .
0711.1846	physics.optics	Optical design of reflectionless complex media by finite embedded coordinate transformations	Transformation optics offers an unconventional approach to the control of electromagnetic fields . A transformation optical structure is designed by first applying a form-invariant coordinate transform to Maxwell 's equations , in which part of free space is distorted in some desired manner . The coordinate transformation is then applied to the permittivity and permeability tensors to yield the specification for a complex medium with desired functionality . The transformation optical structures proposed to date , such as electromagnetic '' invisibility '' cloaks and concentrators , are inherently reflectionless and leave the transmitted wave undisturbed . Here we expand the class of transformation optical structures by introducing finite , embedded coordinate transformations , which allow the electromagnetic waves to be steered or focused . We apply the method to the design of several devices , including a parallel beam shifter and a beam splitter , both of which exhibit unusual electromagnetic behavior as confirmed by 2D full-wave simulations . The devices are designed to be reflectionless , in accordance with a straightforward topological criterion .
0711.1907	physics.atom-ph hep-ph nucl-th	Electric dipole moments of actinide atoms and RaO molecule	We have calculated the atomic electric dipole moments ( EDMs ) induced in 229Pa and 225Ac by their respective nuclear Schiff moments S. The results are d ( 229Pa ) = - 9.5 10^ { -17 } [ S/ ( e fm ) ] e cm= - 1.1 10^ { -20 } \eta e cm ; d ( 225Ac } ) =- 8.6 10^ { -17 } [ S/ ( e fm ) ] e cm=- 0.8 10^ { -21 } \eta e cm . EDM of 229 Pa is 3 10^4 times larger than 199Hg EDM and 40 times larger than 225Ra EDM . Possible use of actinides in solid state experiments is also discussed . The T , P-odd spin-axis interaction in RaO molecule is 500 times larger than in TlF .
