0709.2753	physics.acc-ph	Considerations for an Ac Dipole for the LHC	Following successful experience at the BNL AGS , FNAL Tevatron , and CERN SPS , an AC Dipole will be adopted at the LHC for rapid measurements of ring optics . This paper describes some of the parameters of the AC dipole for the LHC , scaling from performance of the FNAL and BNL devices .
0709.2758	physics.hist-ph physics.pop-ph	Einstein e il Rinnovamento delle Scienze ( Einstein and the Renewal of Science )	As it is well-known , the year 2005 has been the centenary of the `` annus mirabilis '' ( 1905 ) during which Albert Einstein published four fundamental papers of his . But already in 1979 , for the centenary of Einstein 's birth , the world celebrated his monumantal work . In Italy too , there appeared scientific books , and many semi-popularization ( or popularization ) articles . The present paper represents a talk delivered in Italian , at the invitation of the Nobel Foundation ( Sanremo , IM ; Italy ) , in time for its publication in 1979 . This article has been however reprinted , much more recently , in 2002 , by the `` Centro DIEA '' , Faculty of Engineering , University of Bologna , Bologna , Italy [ and its source-file , in html , has been prepared with DIEA 's collaboration ] . We present here a description of the human , philosophycal and scientific background , starting from which Einstein produced his amazing results : Indeed , we try to show why Einstein 's writings today are still so important not only for pure physics ( and technology ! ) , but also for our epistemological understanding of the procedures followed by science , and by our own mind , in their development , as well as for our philosophical views about the world we live in ; without forgetting the teachings that come ( or should come ) from Einstein 's life and claims for modern pedagogy .
0709.2777	physics.gen-ph	Basic outlines of a new hypothesis on physical reality	The papers mentioned in the bibliography lead to this new hypothesis which constitutes a wide panorama of the physical reality . Its coherence and its simplicity are virtues that make interesant to gaze upon it .
0709.2781	physics.bio-ph	Volume-energy correlations in the slow degrees of freedom of computer-simulated phospholipid membranes	Constant-pressure molecular-dynamics simulations of phospholipid membranes in the fluid phase reveal strong correlations between equilibrium fluctuations of volume and energy on the nanosecond time-scale . The existence of strong volume-energy correlations was previously deduced indirectly by Heimburg from experiments focusing on the phase transition between the fluid and the ordered gel phases . The correlations , which are reported here for three different membranes ( DMPC , DMPS-Na , and DMPSH ) , have volume-energy correlation coefficients ranging from 0.81 to 0.89 . The DMPC membrane was studied at two temperatures showing that the correlation coefficient increases as the phase transition is approached .
0709.2783	physics.flu-dyn	Three-dimensional aspects of fluid flows in channels . I. Meniscus and Thin Film regimes	We study the forced displacement of a fluid-fluid interface in a three-dimensional channel formed by two parallel solid plates . Using a Lattice-Boltzmann method , we study situations in which a slip velocity arises from diffusion effects near the contact line . The difference between the slip and channel velocities determines whether the interface advances as a meniscus or a thin film of fluid is left adhered to the plates . We find that this effect is controlled by the capillary and Peclet numbers . We estimate the crossover from a meniscus to a thin film and find good agreement with numerical results . The penetration regime is examined in the steady state . We find that the occupation fraction of the advancing finger relative to the channel thickness is controlled by the capillary number and the viscosity contrast between the fluids . For high viscosity contrast , Lattice-Boltzmann results agree with previous results . For zero viscosity contrast , we observe remarkably narrow fingers . The shape of the finger is found to be universal .
0709.2785	physics.flu-dyn	Three-dimensional aspects of fluid flows in channels . II . Effects of Meniscus and Thin Film regimes on Viscous Fingers	We perform a three-dimensional study of steady state viscous fingers that develop in linear channels . By means of a three-dimensional Lattice-Boltzmann scheme that mimics the full macroscopic equations of motion of the fluid momentum and order parameter , we study the effect of the thickness of the channel in two cases . First , for total displacement of the fluids in the channel thickness direction , we find that the steady state finger is effectively two-dimensional and that previous two-dimensional results can be recovered by taking into account the effect of a curved meniscus across the channel thickness as a contribution to surface stresses . Secondly , when a thin film develops in the channel thickness direction , the finger narrows with increasing channel aspect ratio in agreement with experimental results . The effect of the thin film renders the problem three-dimensional and results deviate from the two-dimensional prediction .
0709.2786	physics.atm-clus physics.chem-ph	Existence of Unexcited and Excited Biexcitons in Molecular Crystals	The theory of four-body systems is revisited . It is illustrated that the theory provides a rigorous proof for the formation of ground state ( unexcited ) biexcitons in molecular crystals . The generalization of the theory predicts the possible existence of excited biexcitons in nature . In order to test the validity of the extended theory on computational level , a very elaborate computer code is constructed for the treatment of arbitrary four-body system with arbitrary electron/hole mass ratio and arbitrary exciton - exciton interaction ( VXX ) . The results , for mass ratio = 1 and VXX is a pure Coulomb force , show that the test is successful . Realization of these conclusions on experimental level should open the door for wide industrial applications .
0709.2802	physics.gen-ph	The importance of probability interference in social science : rationale and experiment	Probability interference is a fundamental characteristic of quantum mechanics . In this paper we attempt to show with the help of some examples , where this fundamental trait of quantum physics can be found back in a social science environment . In order to support our thesis that interference can possibly be found back in many other macro-scopic areas , we proceed in setting up an experimental test .
0709.2808	physics.geo-ph math.AP math.OC	Comparison of reduced-order , sequential and variational data assimilation methods in the tropical Pacific Ocean	This paper presents a comparison of two reduced-order , sequential and variational data assimilation methods : the SEEK filter and the R-4D-Var . A hybridization of the two , combining the variational framework and the sequential evolution of covariance matrices , is also preliminarily investigated and assessed in the same experimental conditions . The comparison is performed using the twin-experiment approach on a model of the Tropical Pacific domain . The assimilated data are simulated temperature profiles at the locations of the TAO/TRITON array moorings . It is shown that , in a quasi-linear regime , both methods produce similarly good results . However the hybrid approach provides slightly better results and thus appears as potentially fruitful . In a more non-linear regime , when Tropical Instability Waves develop , the global nature of the variational approach helps control model dynamics better than the sequential approach of the SEEK filter . This aspect is probably enhanced by the context of the experiments in that there is a limited amount of assimilated data and no model error .
0709.2811	physics.med-ph q-bio.NC	How a plantar pressure-based , tongue-placed tactile biofeedback modifies postural control mechanisms during quiet standing	The purpose of the present study was to determine the effects of a plantar pressure-based , tongue-placed tactile biofeedback on postural control mechanisms during quiet standing . To this aim , sixteen young healthy adults were asked to stand as immobile as possible with their eyes closed in two conditions of No-biofeedback and Biofeedback . Centre of foot pressure ( CoP ) displacements , recorded using a force platform , were used to compute the horizontal displacements of the vertical projection the centre of gravity ( CoGh ) and those of the difference between the CoP and the vertical projection of the CoG ( CoP-CoGv ) . Altogether , the present findings suggest that the main way the plantar pressure-based , tongue-placed tactile biofeedback improves postural control during quiet standing is via both a reduction of the correction thresholds and an increased efficiency of the corrective mechanism involving the CoGh displacements .
0709.2814	physics.geo-ph math.AP math.OC	Reduced-order 4D-Var : a preconditioner for the Incremental 4D-Var data assimilation method	This study demonstrates how the incremental 4D-Var data assimilation method can be applied efficiently preconditione d in an application to an oceanographic problem . The approach consists in performing a few iterations of the reduced-order 4D-Var prior to the incremental 4D-Var in the full space in order to achieve faster convergence . An application performed in the tropical Pacific Ocean , with assimilation of TAO temperature data , shows the method to be both feasible and efficient . It allows the global cost of the assimilation to be reduced by a factor of 2 without affecting the quality of the solution .
0709.2819	physics.ins-det	A New Supersensitive Flame Detector and its Use for Early Forest Fire Detection	A new flame detector , three orders of magnitude more powerful than the existing ones , is presented . This detector needs to be mass-produced for its use in order to be incorporated in an early forest fire detection system . A project able to implement its use to overcome the forest fire emergency is described .
0709.2825	physics.geo-ph math.AP math.OC	A reduced-order strategy for 4D-Var data assimilation	This paper presents a reduced-order approach for four-dimensional variational data assimilation , based on a prior EO F analysis of a model trajectory . This method implies two main advantages : a natural model-based definition of a mul tivariate background error covariance matrix $ \textbf { B } _r $ , and an important decrease of the computational burden o f the method , due to the drastic reduction of the dimension of the control space . % An illustration of the feasibility and the effectiveness of this method is given in the academic framework of twin experiments for a model of the equatorial Pacific ocean . It is shown that the multivariate aspect of $ \textbf { B } _r $ brings additional information which substantially improves the identification procedure . Moreover the computational cost can be decreased by one order of magnitude with regard to the full-space 4D-Var method .
0709.2837	physics.ins-det	Resolution Studies of GEM/Timepix Detector with 5 GeV electrons	This contribution investigates a prototype of a TPC readout with a highly pixelated CMOS ASIC , which is an option for charged particles tracking of the ILC . A triple GEM stack was joined with a TimePix and MediPix2 chip ( pixel size of 55 $ \times $ 55 $ \mu m^2 $ ) and its readout properties were investigated with 5 GeV electrons . The spatial resolution of the cluster center reconstruction was determined as a function of drift distance using different cluster alhoritms and compared with Monte Carlo predictions .
0709.2841	physics.atom-ph	Trapping and cooling of rf-dressed atoms in a quadrupole magnetic field	We observe the spontaneous evaporation of atoms confined in a bubble-like rf-dressed trap ( Zobay and Garraway , 2001 ) . The atoms are confined in a quadrupole magnetic trap and are dressed by a linearly polarized rf field . The evaporation is related to the presence of holes in the trap , at the positions where the rf coupling vanishes , due to its vectorial character . The final temperature results from a competition between residual heating and evaporation efficiency , which is controlled via the height of the holes with respect to the bottom of the trap . The experimental data are modeled by a Monte-Carlo simulation predicting a small increase in phase space density limited by the heating rate . This increase was within the phase space density determination uncertainty of the experiment .
0709.2859	physics.ins-det	Simulation Studies and Detector Scenarios for an ILC Polarimeter	High energy longitudinal electron polarimetry will be based on Compton scattering for the International Linear Collider . An unobtrusive measurement has to include a magnet chicane setup serving as a spectrometer . Current proposals make use of Cerenkov detectors for electron detection . A fast simulation has been developed to study the basic properties of scenarios for the polarimeter setup .
0709.2862	physics.optics	Electromagnetic cloaking in the visible frequency range	Electromagnetic metamaterials provide unprecedented freedom and flexibility to introduce new devices , which control electromagnetic wave propagation in very unusual ways . Very recently theoretical design of an `` invisibility cloak '' has been suggested , which has been realized at microwave frequencies in a two-dimensional cylindrical geometry . In this communication we report on the experimental realization of the dielectric permittivity distribution required for non-magnetic cloaking in the visible frequency range .
0709.2864	physics.acc-ph	A Complete Scheme for a Muon Collider	A complete scheme for production , cooling , acceleration , and ring for a 1.5 TeV center of mass muon collider is presented , together with parameters for two higher energy machines . The schemes starts with the front end of a proposed neutrino factory that yields bunch trains of both muon signs . Six dimensional cooling in long-period helical lattices reduces the longitudinal emittance until it becomes possible to merge the trains into single bunches , one of each sign . Further cooling in all dimensions is applied to the single bunches in further helical lattices . Final transverse cooling to the required parameters is achieved in 50 T solenoids .
0709.2867	physics.optics	Observation of opto-mechanical multistability in a high Q torsion balance oscillator	We observe the opto-mechanical multistability of a macroscopic torsion balance oscillator . The torsion oscillator forms the moving mirror of a hemi-spherical laser light cavity . When a laser beam is coupled into this cavity , the radiation pressure force of the intra-cavity beam adds to the torsion wire 's restoring force , forming an opto-mechanical potential . In the absence of optical damping , up to 23 stable trapping regions were observed due to local light potential minima over a range of 4 micrometer oscillator displacement . Each of these trapping positions exhibits optical spring properties . Hysteresis behavior between neighboring trapping positions is also observed . We discuss the prospect of observing opto-mechanical stochastic resonance , aiming at enhancing the signal-to-noise ratio ( SNR ) in gravity experiments .
0709.2869	physics.atom-ph	Excitation of K-shell electrons by electron impact	The universal scaling behavior for the electron-impact excitation cross sections of the $ 2s $ states of hydrogen- and helium-like multicharged ions is deduced . The study is performed within the framework of non-relativistic perturbation theory , taking into account the one-photon exchange diagrams . Special emphasis is laid on the near-threshold energy domain . The parametrical relationship between the cross sections for excitation of multicharged ions with different number of electrons is established .
0709.2873	physics.atom-ph	Excitation and photoionization processes involving the bound $ ns $ electrons	We have considered the processes of excitation and ionization of light multicharged ions by impact of high-energy particles , which proceed with participation of the $ ns $ electrons . The screening corrections to the energy levels and photoionization cross sections are evaluated analytically within the framework of the non-relativistic perturbation theory with respect to the electron-electron interaction . The universal scalings for the excitation and ionization cross sections are studied for arbitrary principal quantum numbers $ n $ .
0709.2874	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	New Insights into Traffic Dynamics : A Weighted Probabilistic Cellular Automaton Model	From the macroscopic viewpoint for describing the acceleration behavior of drivers , this letter presents a weighted probabilistic cellular automaton model ( the WP model , for short ) by introducing a kind of random acceleration probabilistic distribution function . The fundamental diagrams , the spatio-temporal pattern are analyzed in detail . It is shown that the presented model leads to the results consistent with the empirical data rather well , nonlinear velocity-density relationship exists in lower density region , and a new kind of traffic phenomenon called neo-synchronized flow is resulted . Furthermore , we give the criterion for distinguishing the high-speed and low-speed neo-synchronized flows and clarify the mechanism of this kind of traffic phenomena . In addition , the result that the time evolution of distribution of headways is displayed as a normal distribution further validates the reasonability of the neo-synchronized flow . These findings suggest that the diversity and randomicity of drivers and vehicles has indeed remarkable effect on traffic dynamics .
0709.2897	physics.flu-dyn physics.ao-ph	Local and Nonlocal Dispersive Turbulence	We consider the evolution of a family of 2D dispersive turbulence models . The members of this family involve the nonlinear advection of a dynamically active scalar field , the locality of the streamfunction-scalar relation is denoted by $ \alpha $ , with smaller $ \alpha $ implying increased locality . The dispersive nature arises via a linear term whose strength is characterized by a parameter $ \epsilon $ . Setting $ 0 < \epsilon \le 1 $ , we investigate the interplay of advection and dispersion for differing degrees of locality . Specifically , we study the forward ( inverse ) transfer of enstrophy ( energy ) under large-scale ( small-scale ) random forcing . Straightforward arguments suggest that for small $ \alpha $ the scalar field should consist of progressively larger eddies , while for large $ \alpha $ the scalar field is expected to have a filamentary structure resulting from a stretch and fold mechanism . Confirming this , we proceed to forced/dissipative dispersive numerical experiments under weakly non-local to local conditions . For $ \epsilon \sim 1 $ , there is quantitative agreement between non-dispersive estimates and observed slopes in the inverse energy transfer regime . On the other hand , forward enstrophy transfer regime always yields slopes that are significantly steeper than the corresponding non-dispersive estimate . Additional simulations show the scaling in the inverse regime to be sensitive to the strength of the dispersive term : specifically , as $ \epsilon $ decreases , the inertial-range shortens and we also observe that the slope of the power-law decreases . On the other hand , for the same range of $ \epsilon $ values , the forward regime scaling is fairly universal .
0709.2909	physics.gen-ph	A Quantum Cosmology : No Dark Matter , Dark Energy nor Accelerating Universe	We show that modelling the universe as a pre-geometric system with emergent quantum modes , and then constructing the classical limit , we obtain a new account of space and gravity that goes beyond Newtonian gravity even in the non-relativistic limit . This account does not require dark matter to explain the spiral galaxy rotation curves , and explains as well the observed systematics of black hole masses in spherical star systems , the bore hole $ g $ anomalies , gravitational lensing and so on . As well the dynamics has a Hubble expanding universe solution that gives an excellent parameter-free account of the supernovae and gamma-ray-burst red-shift data , without dark energy or dark matter . The Friedmann-Lema\^ { i } tre-Robertson-Walker ( FLRW ) metric is derived from this dynamics , but is shown not satisfy the General Relativity based Friedmann equations . It is noted that General Relativity dynamics only permits an expanding flat 3-space solution if the energy density in the pressure-less dust approximation is non-zero . As a consequence dark energy and dark matter are required in this cosmological model , and as well the prediction of a future exponential accelerating Hubble expansion . The FLRW $ \Lambda $ CDM model data-based parameter values , $ \Omega_\Lambda=0.73 $ , $ \Omega_ { DM } =0.27 $ , are derived within the quantum cosmology model , but are shown to be merely artifacts of using the Friedmann equations in fitting the red-shift data .
0709.2924	physics.atom-ph	Feshbach resonances in ultracold ^ { 6,7 } Li + ^ { 23 } Na atomic mixtures	We report a theoretical study of Feshbach resonances in $ ^ { 6 } $ Li + $ ^ { 23 } $ Na and $ ^ { 7 } $ Li + $ ^ { 23 } $ Na mixtures at ultracold temperatures using new accurate interaction potentials in a full quantum coupled-channel calculation . Feshbach resonances for $ l=0 $ in the initial collisional open channel $ ^6 $ Li $ ( f=1/2 , m_f=1/2 ) + ^ { 23 } $ Na $ ( f=1 , m_f=1 ) $ are found to agree with previous measurements , leading to precise values of the singlet and triplet scattering lengths for the $ ^ { 6,7 } $ Li $ +^ { 23 } $ Na pairs . We also predict additional Feshbach resonances within experimentally attainable magnetic fields for other collision channels .
0709.2931	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph	Taming the Yukawa potential singularity : improved evaluation of bound states and resonance energies	Using the tools of the J-matrix method , we absorb the 1/r singularity of the Yukawa potential in the reference Hamiltonian , which is handled analytically . The remaining part , which is bound and regular everywhere , is treated by an efficient numerical scheme in a suitable basis using Gauss quadrature approximation . Analysis of resonance energies and bound states spectrum is performed using the complex scaling method , where we show their trajectories in the complex energy plane and demonstrate the remarkable fact that bound states cross over into resonance states by varying the potential parameters .
0709.2938	physics.soc-ph	Near linear time algorithm to detect community structures in large-scale networks	Community detection and analysis is an important methodology for understanding the organization of various real-world networks and has applications in problems as diverse as consensus formation in social communities or the identification of functional modules in biochemical networks . Currently used algorithms that identify the community structures in large-scale real-world networks require a priori information such as the number and sizes of communities or are computationally expensive . In this paper we investigate a simple label propagation algorithm that uses the network structure alone as its guide and requires neither optimization of a pre-defined objective function nor prior information about the communities . In our algorithm every node is initialized with a unique label and at every step each node adopts the label that most of its neighbors currently have . In this iterative process densely connected groups of nodes form a consensus on a unique label to form communities . We validate the algorithm by applying it to networks whose community structures are known . We also demonstrate that the algorithm takes an almost linear time and hence it is computationally less expensive than what was possible so far .
