0711.1429	physics.flu-dyn physics.comp-ph	Direct Numerical Simulation of turbulent Taylor-Couette flow	The direct numerical simulation ( DNS ) of the Taylor -- Couette flow in the fully turbulent regime is described . The numerical method extends the work by Quadrio & Luchini ( Eur . J. Mech . B / Fluids , v.21 , pp.413 -- 427 , 2002 ) , and is based on a parallel computer code which uses mixed spatial discretization ( spectral schemes in the homogeneous directions , and fourth-order , compact explicit finite-difference schemes in the radial direction ) . A DNS is carried out to simulate for the first time the turbulent Taylor -- Couette flow in the turbulent regime . Statistical quantities are computed to complement the existing experimental information , with a view to compare it to planar , pressure-driven turbulent flow at the same value of the Reynolds number . The main source for differences in flow statistics between plane and curved-wall flows is attributed to the presence of large-scale rotating structures generated by curvature effects .
0711.1441	physics.gen-ph	Tensorial Quantum Gravity and the Cosmological Constant Problem	In the present article , which is the first part of a work in three parts , we build an equation of quantum gravity . This equation is tensorial , is equivalent to general relativity in vacuum , but differs completely from general relativity inside matter . This new equation possesses a dimensionless gravitational coupling constant , and passes all experimental tests that also passes general relativity . This quantum gravity and general relativity diverge essentially in the domain of cosmology : we prove that quantum gravity gives the solution to the whole set of problems left over by the standard cosmological model based on general relativity . Essentially , we prove that the initial singularity , the big bang , is smoothed out by quantum gravity , that the flatness problem finds a precise solution : quantum gravity predicts that Omega should be just a little greater than 1 , which fits perfectly with the observed 1.02 . The cosmological constant problem finds also its solution since we prove that the Lambda term does not come from any dark energy , but comes from nonperturbative quantum corrections to classical relativity , and has the exact tiny but strictly positive value needed . Furthermore , the quantum equation of gravity possesses , with no further efforts , features of unification . Indeed , our equation governs at the same time the large scale of the universe , as did general relativity , but also the structure of particles .
0711.1486	physics.comp-ph physics.flu-dyn	Fundamental Conditions for N-th Order Accurate Lattice Boltzmann Models	In this paper , we theoretically prove a set of fundamental conditions pertaining discrete velocity sets and corresponding weights . These conditions provide sufficient conditions for a priori formulation of lattice Boltzmann models that automatically admit correct hydrodynamic moments up to any given N-th order .
0711.1490	physics.acc-ph physics.gen-ph	Summary of SLAC 'S SEY Measurement On Flat Accelerator Wall Materials	The electron cloud effect ( ECE ) causes beam instabilities in accelerator structures with intense positively charged bunched beams . Reduction of the secondary electron yield ( SEY ) of the beam pipe inner wall is effective in controlling cloud formation . We summarize SEY results obtained from flat TiN , TiZrV and Al surfaces carried out in a laboratory environment . SEY was measured after thermal conditioning , as well as after low energy , less than 300 eV , particle exposure .
0711.1501	physics.gen-ph	On the phase dependence of a reversed quantum transitions	Physical nature of widely known Ramsey fringes phenomenon is discussed .
0711.1523	physics.acc-ph hep-ph	MANX : A 6D Ionization-Cooling Experiment	Six-dimensional ionization cooling of muons is essential for muon colliders and possibly beneficial for neutrino factories . An experiment to demonstrate six-dimensional ionization cooling using practical apparatus is presented . It exploits recent innovative ideas that may lead to six-dimensional muon-cooling channels with emittance reduction approaching that needed for high-luminosity muon colliders .
0711.1549	physics.optics	Rare-earth Doped Amorphous Silicon Microdisk and Microstadium Resonators with Emission at 1550nm	Microdisks and microstadium resonators were fabricated on erbium doped amorphous hydrogenated silicon ( a-Si : H < Er > ) layers sandwiched in air and native SiO2 on Si substrates . Annealing condition is optimized to allow large emission at 1550 nm for samples with erbium concentrations as high as 1.02x10^20 atoms/cm3 . Near field scanning optical microscopy shows evidences of the simultaneous presence of bow-tie and diamond scars . These modes indicate the high quality of the resonators and the potentiality for achieving amorphous silicon microcavity lasers .
0711.1551	physics.ao-ph physics.flu-dyn	On the recognition of fundamental physical principles in recent atmospheric-environmental studies	In this paper , so-called alternative mass balance equations for atmospheric constituents published recently are assessed in comparison with the true local mass balance equations deduced from exact integral formulations . It is shown that these `` alternative '' expressions appreciably violate the physical law of the conservation of mass as expressed by the equation of continuity . It is also shown that terms of these `` alternative '' mass balance equations have different physical units , a clear indication that these `` alternative '' expressions are incorrect . Furthermore , it is argued that in the case of `` alternative '' mass balance equations a real basis for Monin-Obukhov similarity laws does not exist . These similarity laws are customarily used to determine the turbulent fluxes of momentum , sensible heat and matter in the so-called atmospheric surface layer over even terrain . Moreover , based on exact integral formulations a globally averaged mass balance equation for trace species is derived . It is applied to discuss the budget of carbon dioxide on the basis of the globally averaged natural and anthropogenic emissions and the globally averaged uptake caused by the terrestrial biosphere and the oceans .
