0707.0735	physics.optics	Optical characterization of ultra-high diffraction efficiency gratings	We report on the optical characterization of an ultra-high diffraction efficiency grating in 1st order Littrow configuration . The apparatus used was an optical cavity built from the grating under investigation and an additional high reflection mirror . Measurement of the cavity finesse provided precise information about the grating 's diffraction efficiency and its optical loss . We measured a finesse of 1580 from which we deduced a diffraction efficiency of ( 99.635 $ \pm $ 0.016 ) % and an overall optical loss due to scattering and absorption of just 0.185 % . Such high quality gratings , including the tool used for their characterization , might apply for future gravitational wave detectors . For example the demonstrated cavity itself presents an all-reflective , low-loss Fabry-Perot resonator that might replace conventional arm cavities in advanced high power Michelson interferometers .
0707.0752	physics.chem-ph	Quantum dynamics in macrosystems with several coupled electronic states : hierarchy of effective Hamiltonians	We address the nonadiabatic quantum dynamics of macrosystems with several coupled electronic states , taking into account the possibility of multi-state conical intersections . The general situation of an arbitrary number of states and arbitrary number of nuclear degrees of freedom ( modes ) is considered . The macrosystem is decomposed into a system part carrying a few , strongly coupled modes , and an environment , comprising the vast number of remaining modes . By successively transforming the modes of the environment , a hierarchy of effective Hamiltonians for the environment is constructed . Each effective Hamiltonian depends on a reduced number of effective modes , which carry cumulative effects . By considering the system 's Hamiltonian along with a few members of the hierarchy , it is shown mathematically by a moment analysis that the quantum dynamics of the entire macrosystem can be numerically exactly computed on a given time-scale . The time scale wanted defines the number of effective Hamiltonians to be included . The contribution of the environment to the quantum dynamics of the macrosystem translates into a sequential coupling of effective modes . The wavefunction of the macrosystem is known in the full space of modes , allowing for the evaluation of observables such as the time-dependent individual excitation along modes of interest , as well a spectra and electronic-population dynamics .
0707.0756	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech	Communicability in complex networks	Many topological and dynamical properties of complex networks are defined by assuming that most of the transport on the network flows along the shortest paths . However , there are different scenarios in which non-shortest paths are used to reach the network destination . Thus the consideration of the shortest paths only does not account for the global communicability of a complex network . Here we propose a new measure of the communicability of a complex network , which is a broad generalization of the concept of the shortest path . According to the new measure , most of real-world networks display the largest communicability between the most connected ( popular ) nodes of the network ( assortative communicability ) . There are also several networks with the disassortative communicability , where the most `` popular '' nodes communicate very poorly to each other . Using this information we classify a diverse set of real-world complex systems into a small number of universality classes based on their structure-dynamic correlation . In addition , the new communicability measure is able to distinguish finer structures of networks , such as communities into which a network is divided . A community is unambiguously defined here as a set of nodes displaying larger communicability among them than to the rest of nodes in the network .
0707.0766	physics.ins-det	Interpretation of Light-Quenching Factor Measurements	We observe that the pattern of the quenching factors for scintillation light from various ions , recently studied in $ CaWO_4 $ in connection with dark matter detectors , can be understood as a saturation phenomenon in which the light output is simply proportional to track length , independent of the ion and its energy . This observation is in accord with the high dE/dx limit of Birks ' law . It suggests a simple model for the intrinsic resolution of light detectors for low energy ions , which we briefly discuss .
0707.0769	physics.flu-dyn physics.gen-ph	Double Periodicity and Frequency-Locking in the Langford Equation	The bifurcation structure of the Langford equation is studied numerically in detail . Periodic , doubly-periodic , and chaotic solutions and the routes to chaos via coexistence of double periodicity and period-doubling bifurcations are found by the Poincar\'e plot of successive maxima of the first mode $ x_1 $ . Frequency-locked periodic solutions corresponding to the Farey sequence $ F_n $ are examined up to $ n=14 $ . Period-doubling bifurcations appears on some of the periodic solutions and the similarity of bifurcation structures between the sine-circle map and the Langford equation is shown . A method to construct the Poincar\'e section for triple periodicity is proposed .
0707.0809	physics.chem-ph	Microsolvation of cationic dimers in $ ^4 $ He droplets : geometries of A $ _2^+ $ ( He ) $ _N $ ( A=Li , Na , K ) from optimized energies	Ab initio computed interaction forces are employed in order to describe the microsolvation of the A $ _2^+ ( ^2\Sigma ) $ ( A=Li , Na , K ) molecular ion in $ ^4 $ He clusters of small variable size . The minimum energy structures are obtained by performing energy minimization based on a genetic algorithm approach . The symmetry features of the collocation of solvent adatoms around the dimeric cation are analyzed in detail , showing that the selective growth of small clusters around the two sides of the ion during the solvation process is a feature common to all three dopants .
0707.0814	physics.optics	A diffraction-compensating 0-25 ns free space terahertz delay line for coherent quantum control	Free space delay lines provide pulses of variable time spacing for optical experiments such as pump-probe spectroscopy and coherent quantum control , including spin and photon echo techniques . However , in the terahertz ( THz ) region of the spectrum , beam divergence due to diffraction limits the useful length of traditional free space delay lines . We present a novel double-folded variable delay line for light in the frequency range 0.24-1.2 THz , which incorporates a symmetric arrangement of lenses whose spacing can be adjusted to compensate for diffraction at each delay . Scalable for use in other wavelength regimes , the design relays an input Gaussian beam waist to the output with up to 25 ns ( ~8 m ) total delay and is enclosed in a desiccated volume of < 0.5 m^3 . The delay line can deliver two or three pulses with relative amplitudes controlled via variable spacing silicon etalon beam splitters . Beam profiles of a 0.24 THz beam show good agreement with calculations at long delays , with insertion loss per delay stage of~3 dB .
0707.0834	physics.gen-ph	Interaction , Change , and Wholeness of Material Things	Interaction is the mode of being of material things amid other material things and the driving force of change and wholeness . Through mutual influence , changes of interacting things become interdependent and their properties interrelated , which leads to formation of ensembles - material wholes of correlated things , where the mode of being of a particular component depends on the modes of being of all other components and vice versa . Every ensemble attains its wholeness and becomes a physical body through togetherness of interrelated components coexisting as a collective being with mutually restrained internal motion . Properties of ensembles on all structural levels of matter composition emerge through the collective being of components .
0707.0880	physics.bio-ph	Defects Can Increase the Melting Temperature of DNA-Nanoparticle Assemblies	DNA-gold nanoparticle assemblies have shown promise as an alternative technology to DNA microarrays for DNA detection and RNA profiling . Understanding the effect of DNA sequences on the melting temperature of the system is central to developing reliable detection technology . We studied the effects of DNA base-pairing defects , such as mismatches and deletions , on the melting temperature of DNA-nanoparticle assemblies . We found that , contrary to the general assumption that defects lower the melting temperature of DNA , some defects increase the melting temperature of DNA-linked nanoparticle assemblies . The effects of mismatches and deletions were found to depend on the specific base pair , the sequence , and the location of the defects . Our results demonstrate that the surface-bound DNA exhibit hybridization behavior different from that of free DNA . Such findings indicate that a detailed understanding of DNA-nanoparticle assembly phase behavior is required for quantitative interpretation of DNA-nanoparticle aggregation .
