0706.4350	physics.geo-ph	On Interdependence of the Paleomagnetic Field Characteristics	The behaviour of the geomagnetic field characteristics ( mean values of the paleointensity , amplitude of its variations and reversal frequency ) during the last 170 million years was analyzed . It was found that the mean values of the paleointensity were in direct relation to amplitude of its variations and in reverse relation to reversal frequency . The most considerable changes of the Earth magnetic field characteristics occurred in Early Cretaceous , Middle Paleogene and Neogene . The analysis of conformity of the reconstructed characteristics behaviour of a geomagnetic field to an alfa-omega- dynamo model was made .
0706.4356	physics.gen-ph physics.optics	A three-dimensional backward-wave network matched with free space	A backward-wave slab based on a capacitively and inductively loaded three-dimensional transmission-line network is designed in such a way that impedance-matching with free space is obtained . To enable field propagation from free space to the network and vice versa , the use of a transition layer is proposed . Matching of the designed network with free space and negative refraction occurring at the slab interfaces are confirmed with full-wave simulations .
0706.4374	physics.plasm-ph astro-ph physics.space-ph	Filamentation instability in a quantum plasma	The growth rate of the filamentation instability triggered when a diluted cold electron beam passes through a cold plasma is evaluated using the quantum hydrodynamic equations . Compared with a cold fluid model , quantum effects reduce both the unstable wave vector domain and the maximum growth rate . Stabilization of large wave vector modes is always achieved , but significant reduction of the maximum growth rate depends on a dimensionless parameter that is provided . Although calculations are extended to the relativistic regime , they are mostly relevant to the non-relativistic one .
0706.4376	physics.class-ph	Transmission-line networks cloaking objects from electromagnetic fields	We consider a novel method of cloaking objects from the surrounding electromagnetic fields in the microwave region . The method is based on transmission-line networks that simulate the wave propagation in the medium surrounding the cloaked object . The electromagnetic fields from the surrounding medium are coupled into the transmission-line network that guides the waves through the cloak thus leaving the cloaked object undetected . The cloaked object can be an array or interconnected mesh of small inclusions that fit inside the transmission-line network .
0706.4400	physics.hist-ph physics.gen-ph	Albert Einstein - a Pious Atheist	We consider Einstein 's attitude with regard to religion both from sociological and epistemological points of view . An attempt to put it into a wider socio-historical perspective has been made , with the emphasis on his ethnic and religious background . The great scientist was neither anatheist nor a believer in the orthodox sense and the closest labels one might apply would be pantheism/cosmism ( ontological view ) and agnosticism ( epistemological view ) . His ideas on the divine could be considered as a continuation of a line that can be traced back to Philo of Alexandria , who himself followed the Greek Stoics and Neoplatonists and especially Baruch Spinoza . Einstein 's scientific ( or rational ) and religious ( or intuitive ) thinking was deeply rooted in the Hellenic culture .
0706.4445	physics.optics	Random Fiber Laser	We investigate the effects of two dimensional confinement on the lasing properties of a classical random laser system operating in the incoherent feedback ( diffusive ) regime . A suspension of 250nm rutile ( TiO2 ) particles in a Rhodamine 6G solution was inserted into the hollow core of a photonic crystal fiber ( PCF ) generating the first random fiber laser and a novel quasi-one-dimensional RL geometry . Comparison with similar systems in bulk format shows that the random fiber laser presents an efficiency that is at least two orders of magnitude higher .
0707.0010	physics.plasm-ph	Equation-of-state model for shock compression of hot dense matter	A quantum equation-of-state model is presented and applied to the calculation of high-pressure shock Hugoniot curves beyond the asymptotic fourfold density , close to the maximum compression where quantum effects play a role . An analytical estimate for the maximum attainable compression is proposed . It gives a good agreement with the equation-of-state model .
0707.0011	physics.pop-ph astro-ph	Calculating the probability of detecting radio signals from alien civilizations	Although it might not be self-evident , it is in fact entirely possible to calculate the probability of detecting alien radio signals by understanding what types of extraterrestrial radio emissions can be expected and what properties these emissions can have . Using the Drake equation as the obvious starting point , and logically identifying and enumerating constraints of interstellar radio communications can yield the probability of detecting a genuine alien radio signal .
0707.0013	physics.plasm-ph physics.atom-ph	Shell-structure effects on high-pressure Rankine-Hugoniot shock adiabats	Rankine-Hugoniot shock adiabats are calculated in the pressure range 1 Mbar-10 Gbar with two atomic-structure models : the atom in a spherical cell and the atom in a jellium of charges . These quantum self-consistent-field models include shell effects , which have a strong impact on pressure and shock velocity along the shock adiabat . Comparisons with experimental data are presented and quantum effects are interpreted in terms of electronic specific heat . A simple analytical estimate for the maximum compression is proposed , depending on initial density , atomic weight and atomic number .
0707.0037	physics.optics	Optical Rankine Vortex	Rankine vortex charateristics of a partially coherent optical vortex are explored using classical and physical optics . Unlike a perfectly coherent vortex mode , the circulation is not quantized . Excess circulation is predicted owing to the wave nature of the composite vortex fields . Based on these findings we propose a vortex stellar interferometer .
