0712.2833	physics.ins-det	Time-varying tip-sample force measurements confirm steady-state dynamics in tapping-mode atomic force microscopy	Direct time-varying tip-sample force measurements by torsional harmonic cantilevers facilitate detailed investigations of the cantilever dynamics in tapping-mode atomic force microscopy . Here we report experimental evidence that the mathematical relationships describing the steady state dynamics are quantitatively satisfied by the independent measurements of tip-sample forces over a broad range of experimental conditions . These results confirm the existing understanding of the tapping-mode atomic force microscopy and build confidence on the reliability of time-varying tip-sample force measurements by the torsional harmonic cantilevers .
0712.2873	physics.gen-ph	Towards a Physical Theory of Subjective Mental States	Any complete theory of physical reality must allow for the ubiquitous phenomenon of subjective experience at some level , or risk being conceptually incoherent . However , as long as the ontological status of subjectivity itself remains unresolved , the topic will be seen as more within the purview of philosophy than of physics . Towards a resolution of this issue within empirically motivated physical theory , this article introduces an operational definition that ultilizes the general consensus that subjective mental states , whatever else is controversial about them , at least correlate in some way to physical states . It is shown here that implementing this underappreciated assumption within the framework of a physical theory in fact leads to wide-ranging consequences . In particular , a correlation requires there exist a well-defined mapping from a space of subjective mental states onto a space of information-bearing elements of some physical theory . Given the peculiar nature of subjective states as inherently private appearances , any empirical identification of states must be performed by the experiencing subject . It is argued that such an operationally defined 'self-measuring ' act leads unavoidably to an 'uncertainty principle ' that is analogous in some intriguing ways to Heisenberg 's principle for quantum mechanics . A model is then introduced for subjective states as algorithmically incomputable numbers . Additionaally , an inequality similar to Bell 's theorem may be derived , indicating an analogy with the violations of local reality and the ontology of observables within quantum mechanics .
0712.2919	physics.bio-ph	DNA ejection from bacteriophage : towards a general behavior for osmotic suppression experiments	We present in this work in vitro measurements of the force ejecting DNA from two distinct bacteriophages ( T5 and lambda ) using the smotic-suppression technique . Our data are analyzed by revisiting the current theories of DNA packaging in spherical capsids . In particular we show that a simplified analytical model based on bending considerations only is able to account quantitatively for the experimental findings . Physical and biological consequences are discussed .
0712.2927	physics.gen-ph	Masses of radiation pressure supported stars in extreme relativistic realm	We discuss that in the extreme relativistic limit , i.e. , when z > > 1 , where z is the surface gravitational redshift , there could be radiation pressure supported and dominated stars with arbitrary gravitational mass , high or low . Such Objects are called Eternally Collapsing Objects ( ECOs ) . ECOs are practically as compact as Schwarzschil Black Holes ( BH ) and , observationally , are likely to be mistaken as BHs . Further since any object undergoing continued collapse must first become an ECO before becoming a true BH state charcterized by M=0 , the observed BH Candidates are ECOs .
0712.2978	physics.gen-ph	On the physical nature of Anderson localization effect	An alternative explanation of the physical nature of Anderson localization phenomenon and one of the most direct ways of its experimental study are discussed .
0712.2987	physics.class-ph	Inertial range scaling of scalar flux spectra in uniformly sheared turbulence	A model based on two-point closure theory of turbulence is proposed and applied to study the Reynolds number dependency of the scalar flux spectra in homogeneous shear flow with a cross-stream uniform scalar gradient . For the cross-stream scalar flux , in the inertial range the spectral behavior agrees with classical predictions and measurements . The streamwise scalar flux is found to be in good agreement with the results of atmospheric measurements . However , both the model results and the atmospheric measurements disagree with classical predictions . A detailed analysis of the different terms in the evolution equation for the streamwise scalar flux spectrum shows that nonlinear contributions are governing the inertial subrange of this spectrum and that these contributions are relatively more important than for the cross-stream flux . A new expression for the scalar flux spectra is proposed . It allows us to unify the description of the components in one single expression , leading to a classical K^-7/3 inertial range for the cross-stream component and to a new K^-23/9 scaling for the streamwise component that agrees better with atmospheric measurements than the K^-3 prediction of J. C. Wyngaard and O. R. Cot\'e [ Quart . J. R. Met . Soc . 98 , 590 ( 1972 ) ] .
0712.2992	physics.gen-ph	A Proof Of Kochen - Specker Theorem of Quantum Mechanics Using a Quantum Like Algebraic Formulation	Using a quantum like algebraic formulation we give proof of Kochen-Specker theorem . We introduce new criteria in order to account for the contextual nature of measurements in quantum mechanics .
0712.2994	physics.class-ph	Decay of scalar variance in isotropic turbulence in a bounded domain	The decay of scalar variance in isotropic turbulence in a bounded domain is investigated . Extending the study of Touil , Bertoglio and Shao ( 2002 ; Journal of Turbulence , 03 , 49 ) to the case of a passive scalar , the effect of the finite size of the domain on the lengthscales of turbulent eddies and scalar structures is studied by truncating the infrared range of the wavenumber spectra . Analytical arguments based on a simple model for the spectral distributions show that the decay exponent for the variance of scalar fluctuations is proportional to the ratio of the Kolmogorov constant to the Corrsin-Obukhov constant . This result is verified by closure calculations in which the Corrsin-Obukhov constant is artificially varied . Large-eddy simulations provide support to the results and give an estimation of the value of the decay exponent and of the scalar to velocity time scale ratio .
0712.3080	physics.optics	Superconducting nanowire photon number resolving detector at telecom wavelength	The optical-to-electrical conversion , which is the basis of optical detectors , can be linear or nonlinear . When high sensitivities are needed single-photon detectors ( SPDs ) are used , which operate in a strongly nonlinear mode , their response being independent of the photon number . Nevertheless , photon-number resolving ( PNR ) detectors are needed , particularly in quantum optics , where n-photon states are routinely produced . In quantum communication , the PNR functionality is key to many protocols for establishing , swapping and measuring entanglement , and can be used to detect photon-number-splitting attacks . A linear detector with single-photon sensitivity can also be used for measuring a temporal waveform at extremely low light levels , e.g . in long-distance optical communications , fluorescence spectroscopy , optical time-domain reflectometry . We demonstrate here a PNR detector based on parallel superconducting nanowires and capable of counting up to 4 photons at telecommunication wavelengths , with ultralow dark count rate and high counting frequency .
