0704.1542	physics.chem-ph nucl-th	Quasiparticles in Neon using the Faddeev Random Phase Approximation	The spectral function of the closed-shell Neon atom is computed by expanding the electron self-energy through a set of Faddeev equations . This method describes the coupling of single-particle degrees of freedom with correlated two-electron , two-hole , and electron-hole pairs . The excitation spectra are obtained using the Random Phase Approximation , rather than the Tamm-Dancoff framework employed in the third-order algebraic diagrammatic contruction [ ADC ( 3 ) ] method . The difference between these two approaches is studied , as well as the interplay between ladder and ring diagrams in the self-energy . Satisfactory results are obtained for the ionization energies as well as the energy of the ground state with the Faddeev-RPA scheme that is also appropriate for the high-density electron gas .
0704.1547	physics.bio-ph cond-mat.soft q-bio.BM	AFM Imaging of SWI/SNF action : mapping the nucleosome remodeling and sliding	We propose a combined experimental ( Atomic Force Microscopy ) and theoretical study of the structural and dynamical properties of nucleosomes . In contrast to biochemical approaches , this method allows to determine simultaneously the DNA complexed length distribution and nucleosome position in various contexts . First , we show that differences in the nucleo-proteic structure observed between conventional H2A and H2A.Bbd variant nucleosomes induce quantitative changes in the in the length distribution of DNA complexed with histones . Then , the sliding action of remodeling complex SWI/SNF is characterized through the evolution of the nucleosome position and wrapped DNA length mapping . Using a linear energetic model for the distribution of DNA complexed length , we extract the net wrapping energy of DNA onto the histone octamer , and compare it to previous studies .
0704.1550	physics.atm-clus physics.comp-ph	The electronic structures , the equilibrium geometries and finite temperature properties of Na_n ( n=39-55 )	Density-functional theory has been applied to investigate systematics of sodium clusters Na_n in the size range of n= 39-55 . A clear evolutionary trend in the growth of their ground-state geometries emerges . The clusters at the beginning of the series ( n=39-43 ) are symmetric and have partial icosahedral ( two-shell ) structure . The growth then goes through a series of disordered clusters ( n=44-52 ) where the icosahedral core is lost . However , for n > 52 a three shell icosahedral structure emerges . This change in the nature of the geometry is abrupt . In addition , density-functional molecular dynamics has been used to calculate the specific heat curves for the representative sizes n= 43 , 45 , 48 and 52 . These results along with already available thermodynamic calculations for n= 40 , 50 , and 55 enable us to carry out a detailed comparison of the heat capacity curves with their respective geometries for the entire series . Our results clearly bring out strong correlation between the evolution of the geometries and the nature of the shape of the heat capacities . The results also firmly establish the size-sensitive nature of the heat capacities in sodium clusters .
0704.1555	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech	An information-based traffic control in a public conveyance system : reduced clustering and enhanced efficiency	A new public conveyance model applicable to buses and trains is proposed in this paper by using stochastic cellular automaton . We have found the optimal density of vehicles , at which the average velocity becomes maximum , significantly depends on the number of stops and passengers behavior of getting on a vehicle at stops . The efficiency of the hail-and-ride system is also discussed by comparing the different behavior of passengers . Moreover , we have found that a big cluster of vehicles is divided into small clusters , by incorporating information of the number of vehicles between successive stops .
0704.1574	physics.class-ph	Retarded electric and magnetic fields of a moving charge : Feynman's derivation of Li\'enard-Wiechert potentials revisited	Retarded electromagnetic potentials are derived from Maxwell 's equations and the Lorenz condition . The difference found between these potentials and the conventional Li\ ' { e } nard-Wiechert ones is explained by neglect , for the latter , of the motion-dependence of the effective charge density . The corresponding retarded fields of a point-like charge in arbitary motion are compared with those given by the formulae of Heaviside , Feynman , Jefimenko and other authors . The fields of an accelerated charge given by the Feynman are the same as those derived from the Li\ ' { e } nard-Wiechert potentials but not those given by the Jefimenko formulae . A mathematical error concerning partial space and time derivatives in the derivation of the Jefimenko equations is pointed out .
0704.1577	physics.optics	Sharp dark-mode resonances in planar metamaterials with broken structural symmetry	We report that resonant response with a very high quality factor can be achieved in a planar metamaterial by introducing symmetry breaking in the shape of its structural elements , which enables excitation of dark modes , i.e . modes that are weakly coupled to free space .
0704.1589	physics.soc-ph	Improving immunization strategies	We introduce an immunization method where the percentage of required vaccinations for immunity are close to the optimal value of a targeted immunization scheme of highest degree nodes . Our strategy retains the advantage of being purely local , without the need of knowledge on the global network structure or identification of the highest degree nodes . The method consists of selecting a random node and asking for a neighbor that has more links than himself or more than a given threshold and immunizing him . We compare this method to other efficient strategies on three real social networks and on a scale-free network model , and find it to be significantly more effective .
0704.1602	physics.ed-ph physics.soc-ph	What does Hirsch index evolution explain us ? A case study : Turkish Journal of Chemistry	The evolution of Turkish Journal of Chemistry ( Turk J. Chem ) Hirsch index ( h-index ) over the period 1995-2005 is studied and determined in the case of the self and without self-citations . It is seen that the effect of Hirsch index of Turk J. Chem has a highly positive trend during the last five years . It proves that Turk J. Chem is improving itself both in quantity and quality since h-index reflects peer review , and peer review reflects research quality of a journal .
0704.1610	physics.space-ph physics.plasm-ph	High-altitude signatures of ionospheric density depletions caused by field-aligned currents	We present Cluster measurements of large electric fields correlated with intense downward field-aligned currents , and show that the data can be reproduced by a simple model of ionospheric plasma depletion caused by the currents . This type of magnetosphere-ionosphere interaction may be important when considering the mapping between these two regions of space .
0704.1622	physics.ed-ph physics.comp-ph	MATLAB codes for teaching quantum physics : Part 1	Among the ideas to be conveyed to students in an introductory quantum course , we have the pivotal idea championed by Dirac that functions correspond to column vectors ( kets ) and that differential operators correspond to matrices ( ket-bras ) acting on those vectors . The MATLAB ( matrix-laboratory ) programming environment is especially useful in conveying these concepts to students because it is geared towards the type of matrix manipulations useful in solving introductory quantum physics problems . In this article , we share MATLAB codes which have been developed at WPI , focusing on 1D problems , to be used in conjunction with Griffiths ' introductory text .
0704.1627	physics.geo-ph physics.space-ph	Thin elastic shells with variable thickness for lithospheric flexure of one-plate planets	Planetary topography can either be modeled as a load supported by the lithosphere , or as a dynamical effect due to lithospheric flexure caused by mantle convection . In both cases the response of the lithosphere to external forces can be calculated with the theory of thin elastic plates or shells . On one-plate planets the spherical geometry of the lithospheric shell plays an important role in the flexure mechanism . So far the equations governing the deformations and stresses of a spherical shell have only been derived under the assumption of a shell of constant thickness . However local studies of gravity and topography data suggest large variations in the thickness of the lithosphere . In this article we obtain the scalar flexure equations governing the deformations of a thin spherical shell with variable thickness or variable Young 's modulus . The resulting equations can be solved in succession , except for a system of two simultaneous equations , the solutions of which are the transverse deflection and an associated stress function . In order to include bottom loading generated by mantle convection , we extend the method of stress functions to include loads with a toroidal tangential component . We further show that toroidal tangential displacement always occurs if the shell thickness varies , even in the absence of toroidal loads . We finally prove that the degree-one harmonic components of the transverse deflection and of the toroidal tangential displacement are independent of the elastic properties of the shell and are associated with translational and rotational freedom . The flexure equations for a shell of variable thickness are useful not only for the prediction of the gravity signal in local admittance studies , but also for the construction of stress maps in tectonic analysis .
0704.1646	physics.ins-det	A linear RFQ ion trap for the Enriched Xenon Observatory	The design , construction , and performance of a linear radio-frequency ion trap ( RFQ ) intended for use in the Enriched Xenon Observatory ( EXO ) are described . EXO aims to detect the neutrinoless double-beta decay of $ ^ { 136 } $ Xe to $ ^ { 136 } $ Ba . To suppress possible backgrounds EXO will complement the measurement of decay energy and , to some extent , topology of candidate events in a Xe filled detector with the identification of the daughter nucleus ( $ ^ { 136 } $ Ba ) . The ion trap described here is capable of accepting , cooling , and confining individual Ba ions extracted from the site of the candidate double-beta decay event . A single trapped ion can then be identified , with a large signal-to-noise ratio , via laser spectroscopy .
0704.1655	physics.gen-ph	Creation of Quark-gluon Plasma in Celestial Laboratories	It is shown that a gravitationally collapsing black hole acts as an ultrahigh energy particle accelerator that can accelerate particles to energies inconceivable in any terrestrial particle accelerator , and that when the energy E of the particles comprising the matter in the black hole is $ \sim 10^ { 2 } $ GeV or more , or equivalently the temperature T is $ \sim 10^ { 15 } $ K or more , the entire matter in the black hole will be in the form of quark-gluon plasma permeated by leptons .
0704.1661	physics.gen-ph	Can a Black Hole Collapse to a Space-time Singularity ?	A critique of the singularity theorems of Penrose , Hawking , and Geroch is given . It is pointed out that a gravitationally collapsing black hole acts as an ultrahigh energy particle accelerator that can accelerate particles to energies inconceivable in any terrestrial particle accelerator , and that when the energy $ E $ of the particles comprising matter in a black hole is $ \sim 10^ { 2 } GeV $ or more , or equivalently , the temperature $ T $ is $ \sim 10^ { 15 } K $ or more , the entire matter in the black hole is converted into quark-gluon plasma permeated by leptons . As quarks and leptons are fermions , it is emphasized that the collapse of a black-hole to a space-time singularity is inhibited by Pauli 's exclusion principle . It is also suggested that ultimately a black hole may end up either as a stable quark star , or as a pulsating quark star which may be a source of gravitational radiation , or it may simply explode with a mini bang of a sort .
0704.1672	physics.bio-ph physics.comp-ph	Two center multipole expansion method : application to macromolecular systems	We propose a new theoretical method for the calculation of the interaction energy between macromolecular systems at large distances . The method provides a linear scaling of the computing time with the system size and is considered as an alternative to the well known fast multipole method . Its efficiency , accuracy and applicability to macromolecular systems is analyzed and discussed in detail .
0704.1687	physics.optics physics.chem-ph	Studies on optimizing potential energy functions for maximal intrinsic hyperpolarizability	We use numerical optimization to study the properties of ( 1 ) the class of one-dimensional potential energy functions and ( 2 ) systems of point charges in two-dimensions that yield the largest hyperpolarizabilities , which we find to be within 30 % of the fundamental limit . We investigate the character of the potential energy functions and resulting wavefunctions and find that a broad range of potentials yield the same intrinsic hyperpolarizability ceiling of 0.709 .
