0708.3136	physics.ao-ph physics.chem-ph	Atmospheric instability as a loss of a metastable equilibrium	General thermodynamic theory of metastable states is used in this short note to try to understand better atmospheric instabilities . It is shown that not only cooling of a cloud can lead to rain , but heating also , especially when there are charged water drops in a cloud ( in this case we have rain with lightning ) . The influence of the global warming on weather is discussed .
0708.3141	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	On the universality of the Discrete Nonlinear Schroedinger Equation	We address the universal applicability of the discrete nonlinear Schroedinger equation . By employing an original but general top-down/bottom-up procedure based on symmetry analysis to the case of optical lattices , we derive the most widely applicable and the simplest possible model , revealing that the discrete nonlinear Schroedinger equation is `` universally '' fit to describe light propagation even in discrete tensorial nonlinear systems and in the presence of nonparaxial and vectorial effects .
0708.3142	physics.gen-ph	Basic principle of superconductivity	The basic principle of superconductivity is suggested in this paper . There have been two vital wrong suggestions on the basic principle , one is the relation between superconductivity and the Bose-Einstein condensation ( BEC ) , and another is the relation between superconductivity and pseudogap .
0708.3150	physics.ins-det	Unrecognized Backscattering in Low Energy Beta Spectroscopy	We present studies on electron backscattering from the surface of plastic scintillator beta detectors . By using a setup of two detectors coaxial with a strong external magnetic field - one detector serving as primary detector , the other as veto-detector to detect backscattering - we investigate amount and spectrum of unrecognized backscattering , i.e . events where only one detector recorded a trigger signal . The implications are important for low energy particle physics experiments .
0708.3163	physics.bio-ph	Jeans type analysis of chemotactic collapse	We perform a linear dynamical stability analysis of a general hydrodynamic model of chemotactic aggregation [ Chavanis & Sire , Physica A , in press ( 2007 ) ] . Specifically , we study the stability of an infinite and homogeneous distribution of cells against `` chemotactic collapse '' . We discuss the analogy between the chemotactic collapse of biological populations and the gravitational collapse ( Jeans instability ) of self-gravitating systems . Our hydrodynamic model involves a pressure force which can take into account several effects like anomalous diffusion or the fact that the organisms can not interpenetrate . We also take into account the degradation of the chemical which leads to a shielding of the interaction like for a Yukawa potential . Finally , our hydrodynamic model involves a friction force which quantifies the importance of inertial effects . In the strong friction limit , we obtain a generalized Keller-Segel model similar to the generalized Smoluchowski-Poisson system describing self-gravitating Langevin particles . For small frictions , we obtain a hydrodynamic model of chemotaxis similar to the Euler-Poisson system describing a self-gravitating barotropic gas . We show that an infinite and homogeneous distribution of cells is unstable against chemotactic collapse when the `` velocity of sound '' in the medium is smaller than a critical value . We study in detail the linear development of the instability and determine the range of unstable wavelengths , the growth rate of the unstable modes and the damping rate , or the pulsation frequency , of the stable modes as a function of the friction parameter and shielding length . For specific equations of state , we express the stability criterion in terms of the density of cells .
0708.3172	physics.soc-ph	Fostering Consensus in Multidimensional Continuous Opinion Dynamics under Bounded Confidence	Social consensus is important for society . Sometimes the success of society depends on a consensus ( e.g . the decision to pay taxes or to commit to the constitution ) . Examples for continuous opinion dynamics are discussions about tax rates or budget plan proposals for governments investments . Another example is a commission of experts which should reach a estimate about a certain issue , e.g . the tax revenues of the next year . In all these situations we got a group of agents which should reach a common agreement either for reaching a good approximation to the truth but on the other hand for the reason , that reaching consensus is a good in itself . From social judgment theory and experiments we know that humans either tend to agreement with others for normative and informational reasons but on the other hand have bounded confidence against others with differing opinions . In a framework of models of continuous opinion dynamics we ask , which structural conditions foster the achievement of consensus ? We present evidence by simulation that bringing more issues in does , but only if the issues are under budget constraints . Further , the installation of meetings where everyone hears all opinions has a better impact than relying on gossip .
0708.3179	physics.gen-ph	A physical basis for MOND	MOND is a phenomenological theory with no apparent physical justification which seems to undermine some of the basic principles that underpin established theoretical physics . It is nevertheless remarkably successful over its sphere of application and this suggests MOND may have some physical basis . It is shown here that two simple axioms pertaining to fundamental principles will reproduce the characteristic behaviour of MOND , though the axioms are in conflict with general relativistic cosmology .
0708.3183	physics.data-an physics.gen-ph	Pseudo-periodicity and 1/f noise from the sum of similar intermittent signals	The usual interpretation of noise is represented by a sum of many independent two-level elementary random signals with a distribution of relaxation times . In this paper it is demonstrated that also the superposition of many similar single-sided two-level signals , with the same relaxation time , produces noise . This is possible tanks to the coincidences among the signals which introduce cross-correlations and tune locally the resulting process in trains of pseudo-periodic pulses . Computer simulations demonstrate the reliability of this model , which permits to insert in an coherent framework other models solving problems still open .
0708.3194	physics.class-ph physics.gen-ph	Comment on Experiments Related to the Aharonov-Bohm Phase Shift	Recent experiments undertaken by Caprez , Barwick , and Batelaan should clarify the connections between classical and quantum theories in connection with the Aharonov-Bohm phase shift . It is pointed out that resistive aspects for the solenoid current carriers play a role in the classical but not the quantum analysis for the phase shift . The observed absence of a classical lag effect for a macroscopic solenoid does not yet rule out the possibility of a lag explanation of the observed phase shift for a microscopic solenoid .
0708.3202	physics.data-an physics.flu-dyn	Stochastic solution of nonlinear and nonhomogeneous evolution problems by a differential Kolmogorov equation	A large class of physically important nonlinear and nonhomogeneous evolution problems , characterized by advection-like and diffusion-like processes , can be usefully studied by a time-differential form of Kolmogorov 's solution of the backward-time Fokker-Planck equation . The differential solution embodies an integral representation theorem by which any physical or mathematical entity satisfying a generalized nonhomogeneous advection-diffusion equation can be calculated incrementally in time . The utility of the approach for tackling nonlinear problems is illustrated via solution of the noise-free Burgers and related Kardar-Parisi-Zhang ( KPZ ) equations where it is shown that the differential Kolmogorov solution encompasses , and allows derivation of , the classical Cole-Hopf and KPZ transformations and solutions . A second example , illustrating application of this approach to nonhomogeneous evolution problems , derives the Feynman-Kac formula appropriate to a Schrodinger-like equation .
0708.3205	physics.optics physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph physics.ins-det	Human breath analysis via cavity-enhanced optical frequency comb spectroscopy	To date , researchers have identified over 1000 different compounds contained in human breath . These molecules have both endogenous and exogenous origins and provide information about physiological processes occurring in the body as well as environment-related ingestion or absorption of contaminants1,2 . While the presence and concentration of many of these molecules are poorly understood , many 'biomarker ' molecules have been correlated to specific diseases and metabolic processes . Such correlations can result in non-invasive methods of health screening for a wide variety of medical conditions . In this article we present human breath analysis using an optical-frequency-comb-based trace detection system with excellent performance in all criteria : detection sensitivity , ability to identify and distinguish a large number of biomarkers , and measurement time . We demonstrate a minimum detectable absorption of 8 x 10-10 cm-1 , a spectral resolution of 800 MHz , and 200 nm of spectral coverage from 1.5 to 1.7 micron where strong and unique molecular fingerprints exist for many biomarkers . We present a series of breath measurements including stable isotope ratios of CO2 , breath concentrations of CO , and the presence of trace concentrations of NH3 in high concentrations of H2O .
0708.3206	physics.acc-ph physics.optics	Photonic crystal laser-driven accelerator structures	Laser-driven acceleration holds great promise for significantly improving accelerating gradient . However , scaling the conventional process of structure-based acceleration in vacuum down to optical wavelengths requires a substantially different kind of structure . We require an optical waveguide that ( 1 ) is constructed out of dielectric materials , ( 2 ) has transverse size on the order of a wavelength , and ( 3 ) supports a mode with speed-of-light phase velocity in vacuum . Photonic crystals -- structures whose electromagnetic properties are spatially periodic -- can meet these requirements . We discuss simulated photonic crystal accelerator structures and describe their properties . We begin with a class of two-dimensional structures which serves to illustrate the design considerations and trade-offs involved . We then present a three-dimensional structure , and describe its performance in terms of accelerating gradient and efficiency . We discuss particle beam dynamics in this structure , demonstrating a method for keeping a beam confined to the waveguide . We also discuss material and fabrication considerations . Since accelerating gradient is limited by optical damage to the structure , the damage threshold of the dielectric is a critical parameter . We experimentally measure the damage threshold of silicon for picosecond pulses in the infrared , and determine that our structure is capable of sustaining an accelerating gradient of 300 MV/m at 1550 nm . Finally , we discuss possibilities for manufacturing these structures using common microfabrication techniques .
0708.3209	physics.class-ph gr-qc	Relativistic Aberration for Accelerating Observers	We investigate the effects of the aberration of light for a uniformly accelerating observer . The observer we consider is initially at rest with respect to a luminous spherical object -- a star , say -- and then starts to move away with constant acceleration . The main results we derive are the following : ( i ) The observer always sees an initial increase of the apparent size of the object ; ( ii ) The apparent size of the object approaches a non-zero value as the proper time of the observer goes to infinity . ( iii ) There exists a critical value of the acceleration such that the apparent size of the object is always increasing when the acceleration is super-critical . We show that , while ( i ) is a purely non-relativistic effect , ( ii ) and ( iii ) are effects of the relativistic aberration of light and are intimately connected with the Lorentzian geometry of Minkowksi spacetime . Finally , the examples we present illustrate that , while more or less negligible in everyday life , the three effects can be significant in the context of space-flight .
