0711.0826	physics.class-ph	Continuous Limit of Discrete Systems with Long-Range Interaction	Discrete systems with long-range interactions are considered . Continuous medium models as continuous limit of discrete chain system are defined . Long-range interactions of chain elements that give the fractional equations for the medium model are discussed . The chain equations of motion with long-range interaction are mapped into the continuum equation with the Riesz fractional derivative . We formulate the consistent definition of continuous limit for the systems with long-range interactions . In this paper , we consider a wide class of long-range interactions that give fractional medium equations in the continuous limit . The power-law interaction is a special case of this class .
0711.0839	physics.ins-det gr-qc	Conduction Effect of Thermal Radiation in a Metal Shield Pipe in a Cryostat for a Cryogenic Interferometric Gravitational Wave Detector	A large heat load caused by thermal radiation through a metal shield pipe was observed in a cooling test of a cryostat for a prototype of a cryogenic interferometric gravitational wave detector . The heat load was approximately 1000 times larger than the value calculated by the Stefan-Boltzmann law . We studied this phenomenon by simulation and experiment and found that it was caused by the conduction of thermal radiation in a metal shield pipe .
0711.0845	physics.soc-ph	Proceedings of the first Congress on North-South collaboration in Physics research	The first Congress on North-South collaboration in Physics research was held in Oujda Morocco , between April 9th and 13th , 2007 . The congress was based on talks giving an overview of relevant subjects both from experiments and theory in all fields of physics . They focused on projects which could bring fruitful collaborations between Europe and under developed countries . The congress was meant to bring experience and skills to these countries in research and teaching at the doctoral level .
0711.0846	physics.bio-ph cond-mat.soft q-bio.BM	A Unified Model of $ \alpha $ -Helix/ $ \beta $ -Sheet/Random-Coil Transition in Proteins	The theory of transition between $ \alpha $ -helix , $ \beta $ -sheet and random coil conformation of a protein is discussed through a simple model , that includes both short and long-range interactions . Besides the bonding parameter and helical initiation factor in Zimm-Bragg model , three new parameters are introduced to describe beta structure : the local constraint factor for a single residue to be contained in a $ \beta $ -strand , the long-range bonding parameter that accounts for the interaction between a pair of bonded $ \beta $ -strands , and a correction factor for the initiation of a $ \beta $ -sheet . Either increasing local constraint factor or long-range bonding parameter can cause a transition from $ \alpha $ -helix or random coil conformation to $ \beta $ -sheet conformation . The sharpness of transition depends on the competition between short and long-range interactions . Other effective factors , such as the chain length and temperature , are also discussed . In this model , the entropy due to different ways to group $ \beta $ -strands into different $ \beta $ -sheets gives rise to significant contribution to partition function , and makes major differences between beta structure and helical structure .
0711.0847	physics.plasm-ph	Fick 's law and Fokker-Planck Equation in inhomogeneous environments	In inhomogeneous environments , the correct expression of the diffusive flux is often not given by the Fick 's law $ \Gamma = - D \nabla n $ . The most general hydrodynamic equation modelling diffusion is indeed the Fokker-Planck Equation ( FPE ) . The microscopic dynamics of each specific system may affect the form of the FPE , either establishing connections between the diffusion and the convection term , as well as providing supplementary terms . In particular , the Fick 's form for the Diffusion Equation may arise only in consequence of a specific kind of microscopic dynamics . It is also shown how , in the presence of sharp inhomogeneities , even the hydrodynamic FPE limit may becomes inaccurate and mask some features of the true solution , as computed from the Master Equation .
0711.0851	physics.plasm-ph	Quantum Weibel Instability	The Weibel instability is analyzed for quantum plasmas described by the Wigner-Maxwell model . For a suitable class of electromagnetic potentials , the Wigner-Maxwell system is linearized yielding a general dispersion relation for transverse electromagnetic waves . For a double Gaussian equilibrium with temperature anisotropy , the derived dispersion relation generalizes the classical Weibel instability equation . More detailed analytical results are obtained for the cases of extreme temperature anisotropy and for a three-dimensional water bag distribution . In all cases , quantum effects tends to weaken or suppress the instability . Applications are discussed for dense astrophysical objects like white dwarfs and neutron stars as well as for tunnel-ionized plasmas with controllable perpendicular plasma temperature .
0711.0886	physics.gen-ph	Risk , ambiguity and quantum decision theory	In the present article we use the quantum formalism to describe the effects of risk and ambiguity in decision theory . The main idea is that the probabilities in the classic theory of expected utility are estimated probabilities , and thus do not follow the classic laws of probability theory . In particular , we show that it is possible to use consistently the classic expected utility formula , where the probability associated to the events are computed with the equation of quantum interference . Thus we show that the correct utility of a lottery can be simply computed by adding to the classic expected utility a new corrective term , the uncertainty utility , directly connected with the quantum interference term .
0711.0911	physics.atom-ph	A heated vapor cell unit for DAVLL in atomic rubidium	The design and performance of a compact heated vapor cell unit for realizing a dichroic atomic vapor laser lock ( DAVLL ) for the D2 transitions in atomic rubidium is described . A 5 cm-long vapor cell is placed in a double-solenoid arrangement to produce the required magnetic field ; the heat from the solenoid is used to increase the vapor pressure and correspondingly the DAVLL signal . We have characterized experimentally the dependence of important features of the DAVLL signal on magnetic field and cell temperature . For the weaker transitions both the amplitude and gradient of the signal are increased by an order of magnitude .
0711.0932	physics.med-ph physics.bio-ph	FDTD Computation of Human Eye Exposure to Ultra-wideband Electromagnetic Pulses	With an increase in the application of ultra-wideband ( UWB ) electromagnetic pulses in the communications industry , radar , biotechnology and medicine , comes an interest in UWB exposure safety standards . Despite an increase of the scientific research on bioeffects of exposure to non-ionizing UWB pulses , characterization of those effects is far from complete . A numerical computational approach , such as a finite-difference time domain ( FDTD ) method , is required to visualize and understand the complexity of broadband electromagnetic interactions . The FDTD method has almost no limits in the description of the geometrical and dispersive properties of the simulated material , it is numerically robust and appropriate for current computer technology . In this paper , a complete calculation of exposure of the human eye to UWB electromagnetic pulses in the frequency range of 3.1-10.6 , 22-29 , and 57-64 GHz is performed . Computation in this frequency range required a geometrical resolution of the eye of $ \rm 0.1 \ : mm $ and an arbitrary precision in the description of its dielectric properties in terms of the Debye model . New results show that the interaction of UWB pulses with the eye tissues exhibits the same properties as the interaction of the continuous electromagnetic waves ( CW ) with the frequencies from the pulse 's frequency spectrum . It is also shown that under the same exposure conditions the exposure to UWB pulses is from one to many orders of magnitude safer than the exposure to CW .
0711.0937	physics.gen-ph	Fractal Fluctuations and Quantum-Like Chaos in the Brain by Analysis of Variability of Brain Waves : A New Method Based on a Fractal Variance Function and Random Matrix Theory	We developed a new method for analysis of fundamental brain waves as recorded by EEG . To this purpose we introduce a Fractal Variance Function that is based on the calculation of the variogram . The method is completed by using Random Matrix Theory . Some examples are given .
0711.0938	physics.ins-det hep-ex	Commissioning of the ATLAS Level-1 Trigger with Cosmic Rays	The ATLAS detector at CERN 's Large Hadron Collider will be exposed to proton-proton collisions from beams crossing at 40 MHz . A three-level trigger system was designed to select potentially interesting events and reduce the incoming rate to 100-200 Hz . The first trigger level ( LVL1 ) is implemented in custom-built electronics , the second and third trigger levels are realized in software . Based on calorimeter information and hits in dedicated muon-trigger detectors , the LVL1 decision is made by the central-trigger processor yielding an output rate of less than 100 kHz . The allowed latency for the trigger decision at this stage is less than 2.5 microseconds . Installation of the final LVL1 trigger system at the ATLAS site is in full swing , to be completed later this year . We present a status report of the main components of the first-level trigger and the in-situ commissioning of the full trigger chain with cosmic-ray muons .
0711.0946	physics.optics	Engineering the phase speed of surface-plasmon wave at the planar interface of a metal and a chiral sculptured thin film	The solution of a boundary-value problem formulated for a modified Kretschmann configuration shows that the phase speed of a surface-plasmon wave guided by the planar interface of a sufficiently thin metal film and a chiral sculptured thin film ( STF ) depends on the vapor incidence angle used while fabricating the chiral STF by physical vapor depoistion . Therefore , it may be possible to engineer the phase speed quite simply by selecting an appropriate value of the vapor deposition angle ( in addition to the metal and the evaporant species ) .
0711.0953	physics.chem-ph physics.atom-ph	Isolated vibrational wavepackets in D2+ : Defining superposition conditions and wavepacket distinguishability	Tunnel ionization of room-temperature D $ _2 $ in an ultrashort ( 12 femtosecond ) near infra-red ( 800 nm ) pump laser pulse excites a vibrational wavepacket in the D2+ ions ; a rotational wavepacket is also excited in residual D2 molecules . Both wavepacket types are collapsed a variable time later by an ultrashort probe pulse . We isolate the vibrational wavepacket and quantify its evolution dynamics through theoretical comparison . Requirements for quantum computation ( initial coherence and quantum state retrieval ) are studied using this well-defined ( small number of initial states at room temperature , initial wavepacket spatially localized ) single-electron molecular prototype by temporally stretching the pump and probe pulses .
0711.0954	physics.comp-ph nucl-ex	Effects of Neutron Emission on Fragment Mass and Kinetic Energy Distribution from Thermal Neutron-Induced Fission of $ ^ { 235 } U $	The mass and kinetic energy distribution of nuclear fragments from thermal neutron-induced fission of 235U have been studied using a Monte-Carlo simulation . Besides reproducing the pronounced broadening in the standard deviation of the kinetic energy at the final fragment mass number around m = 109 , our simulation also produces a second broadening around m = 125 . These results are in good agreement with the experimental data obtained by Belhafaf et al . and other results on yield of mass . We conclude that the obtained results are a consequence of the characteristics of the neutron emission , the sharp variation in the primary fragment kinetic energy and mass yield curves . We show that because neutron emission is hazardous to make any conclusion on primary quantities distribution of fragments from experimental results on final quantities distributions .
