0705.4143	physics.gen-ph	A Challenge to Control Gravity via Applying Electromagnetic Low-Frequency Radiation - Theory and Proposed Model Experiments	Including Vaidya metric into the model of Expansive Nondecelerative Universe allows to localize the energy of gravitational field . A term of effective gravitational range is introduced and classic Newton potential is substituted for Yukawa-type potential . It allows to allocate a typical frequency value to each gravitational field . Derived theoretical conclusions led us to investigate the effect of electromagnetic field with a precisely predetermined frequency and intensity on iron . We believe that under certain circumstances a decrease in iron gravitational mass should be observed . Two model experiments verifying the theoretical conclusions are proposed .
0705.4146	physics.gen-ph	Dynamical 3-Space : A Review	For some 100 years physics has modelled space and time via the spacetime concept , with space being merely an observer dependent perspective effect of that spacetime - space itself had no observer independent existence - it had no ontological status , and it certainly had no dynamical description . In recent years this has all changed . In 2002 it was discovered that a dynamical 3-space had been detected many times , including the Michelson-Morley 1887 light-speed anisotropy experiment . Here we review the dynamics of this 3-space , tracing its evolution from that of an emergent phenomena in the information-theoretic Process Physics to the phenomenological description in terms of a velocity field describing the relative internal motion of the structured 3-space . The new physics of the dynamical 3-space is extensively tested against experimental and astronomical observations , including the necessary generalisation of the Maxwell , Schrodinger and Dirac equations , leading to a derivation and explanation of gravity as a refraction effect of quantum matter waves . The flat and curved spacetime formalisms are derived from the new physics , so explaining their apparent many successes .
0705.4206	physics.acc-ph physics.ins-det	Multiple Volume Reflection from Different Planes Inside One Bent Crystal	It is shown that multiple volume reflections from different planes of one bent crystal becomes possible when particles move at a small angle with respect to a crystal axis . Such a Multiple Volume Reflection makes it possible to increase the particle deflection angle inside one crystal by more than four times and can be used to increase the efficiency of beam extraction and collimation at the LHC and many other accelerators .
0705.4210	physics.flu-dyn cond-mat.soft cond-mat.stat-mech nlin.PS	Spontaneous Breakdown of Superhydrophobicity	In some cases water droplets can completely wet micro-structured superhydrophobic surfaces . The { \it dynamics } of this rapid process is analyzed by ultra-high-speed imaging . Depending on the scales of the micro-structure , the wetting fronts propagate smoothly and circularly or -- more interestingly -- in a { \it stepwise } manner , leading to a growing { \it square-shaped } wetted area : entering a new row perpendicular to the direction of front propagation takes milliseconds , whereas once this has happened , the row itself fills in microseconds ( { \it `` zipping '' } )
0705.4235	physics.atm-clus	Spin evolution of spin-1 Bose-Einstein condensates	An analytical formula is obtained to describe the evolution of the average populations of spin components of spin-1 atomic gases . The formula is derived from the exact time-dependent solution of the Hamiltonian $ H_ { S } =c mathbf { S } ^ { 2 } $ without using approximation . Therefore it goes beyond the mean field theory and provides a general , accurate , and complete description for the whole process of non-dissipative evolution starting from various initial states . The numerical results directly given by the formula coincide qualitatively well with existing experimental data , and also with other theoretical results from solving dynamic differential equations . For some special cases of initial state , instead of undergoing strong oscillation as found previously , the evolution is found to go on very steadily in a very long duration .
0705.4238	physics.optics physics.class-ph physics.med-ph	Accurate description of optical precursors and their relation to weak-field coherent optical transients	We study theoretically the propagation of a step-modulated optical field as it passes through a dispersive dielectric made up of a dilute collection of oscillators characterized by a single narrow-band resonance . The propagated field is given in terms of an integral of a Fourier type , which can not be evaluated even for simple models of the dispersive dielectric . The fact that the oscillators have a low number density ( dilute medium ) and have a narrow-band resonance allows us to simplify the integrand . In this case , the integral can be evaluated exactly , although it is not possible using this method to separate out the transient part of the propagated field known as optical precursors . We also use an asymptotic method ( saddle-point method ) to evaluate the integral . The contributions to the integral related to the saddle-points of the integrand give rise to the optical precursors . We obtain analytic expressions for the precursor fields and the domain over which the asymptotic method is valid . When combined to obtain the total transient field , we find that the agreement between the solutions obtained by the asymptotic and the exact methods is excellent . Our results demonstrate that precursors can persist for many nanoseconds and the chirp in the instantaneous frequency of the precursors can manifest itself in beats in the transmitted intensity . Our work strongly suggests that precursors have been observed in many previous experiments .
0705.4242	physics.class-ph	Oscillation thresholds for `` strinking outwards '' reeds coupled to a resonator	This paper considers a `` striking outwards '' reed coupled to a resonator . This expression , due to Helmholtz , is not discussed here : it corresponds to the most common model of a lip-type valve , when the valve is assumed to be a one degree of freedom oscillator . The presented work is an extension of the works done by Wilson and Beavers ( 1974 ) , Tarnopolsky ( 2000 ) . The range of the playing frequencies is investigated . The first results are analytical : when no losses are present in the resonator , it is proven that the ratio between the threshold frequency and the reed resonance frequency is found to be necessarily within the interval between unity and the square root of 3 . This is a musical sixth . Actually the interval is largely smaller , and this is in accordance with e.g . the results by Cullen et al.. The smallest blowing pressure is found to be directly related to the quality factor of the reed . Numerical results confirm these statements , and are discussed in comparison with previous ones by Cullen et al ( 2000 ) .
0705.4250	physics.optics	Ultrafast optical switching of three-dimensional Si inverse opal photonic band gap crystals	We present ultrafast optical switching experiments on 3D photonic band gap crystals . Switching the Si inverse opal is achieved by optically exciting free carriers by a two-photon process . We probe reflectivity in the frequency range of second order Bragg diffraction where the photonic band gap is predicted . We find good experimental switching conditions for free-carrier plasma frequencies between 0.3 and 0.7 times the optical frequency : we thus observe a large frequency shift of up to D omega/omega= 1.5 % of all spectral features including the peak that corresponds to the photonic band gap . We deduce a corresponding large refractive index change of Dn'_Si/n'_Si= 2.0 % and an induced absorption length that is longer than the sample thickness . We observe a fast decay time of 21 ps , which implies that switching could potentially be repeated at GHz rates . Such a high switching rate is relevant to future switching and modulation applications .
0705.4255	physics.gen-ph physics.ed-ph	Alice and Bob and Hendrik	This paper offers an alternative approach to discussing both the principle of relativity and the derivation of the Lorentz transformations . This approach uses the idea that there may not be a preferred inertial frame through a privileged access to information about events . In classroom discussions , it has been my experience that this approach produces some lively arguments .
0705.4266	physics.hist-ph astro-ph hep-th physics.pop-ph	El universo de Einstein : 1905 - annus mirabilis - 2005	Year 2005 was the World Year of Physics , and it was commemorated worldwide as the 100th anniversary of Albert Einstein 's legendary works in which the foundations of at least three areas of modern physics were laid : statistical mechanics , quantum mechanics and special relativity . These works turned year 1905 in what deservedly was called the `` miraculous year '' ( annus mirabilis ) of Einstein . However , the influence of this great mind was not limited to science . As it is well known , his fingerprint remains engraved in many aspects of our daily life . Because of that , in this work we have tried to cover almost all the subjects in which Einstein was involved during the last century and , of course , try and reveal the future projection his actions will have in this new century that has just begun . Among the subjects covered in the volume one can find the possible connection between Einstein and the artistic vanguard movement , his religiosity , his days in Argentina , the Nobel Prize , the Einstein-Freud correspondence , his pacifism and the nuclear energy , science and politics under the Second Empire and the Weimar Republic , and even a description of his patents and experiments , the studies performed to search for `` built-in '' features in his brain and the doubts many had regarding whether Einstein was a genius or a crank . Also included are essays on Einstein and Borges , philosophy and relativity , Mach 's principle , the relation among science , arts and humanities , and , closer to Einstein 's own theoretical research , the twin paradox , chance and quantum mechanics , the arrow of time , gravitational lenses , string theory , holography and black holes , gravitomagnetism , superconductivity , gravitational waves , the photoelectric effect and the alternative theories for gravitation .
0705.4278	physics.data-an	Optimal estimate of probability density functions from experimental data	A method providing optimal estimate of probability density functions ( PDFs ) from time series is proposed . It allows almost arbitrary resolution PDFs when applied to either , sampled analytic functions or digitized data from experiments . When results are compared with PDFs of the same data calculated using the standard histogram method , a remarkable improvement is observed , especially in far lateral regions of the PDF , where low probability events give poor statistics .
0705.4315	physics.gen-ph	A fundamental explanation for the tiny value of the cosmological constant	We will look for an implementation of new symmetries in the space-time structure and their cosmological implications . This search will allow us to find a unified vision for electrodynamics and gravitation . We will attempt to develop a heuristic model of the electromagnetic nature of the electron , so that the influence of the gravitational field on the electrodynamics at very large distances leads to a reformulation of our comprehension of the space- time structure at quantum level through the elimination of the classical idea of rest . This will lead us to a modification of the relativistic theory by introducing the idea about a universal minimum limit of speed in the space- time . Such a limit , unattainable by the particles , represents a preferred frame associated with a universal background field ( a vacuum energy ) , enabling a fundamental understanding of the quantum uncertainties . The structure of space-time becomes extended due to such a vacuum energy density , which leads to a negative pressure at the cosmological scales as an anti-gravity , playing the role of the cosmological constant . The tiny values of the vacuum energy density and the cosmological constant will be successfully obtained , being in agreement with current observational results .
0705.4318	physics.atom-ph physics.comp-ph	Supercritical Dirac resonance parameters from extrapolated analytic continuation methods	The analytic continuation methods of complex scaling ( CS ) , smooth exterior scaling ( SES ) , and complex absorbing potential ( CAP ) are investigated for the supercritical quasimolecular ground state in the U ( 92+ ) -Cf ( 98+ ) system at an internuclear separation of R=20 fm . Pade approximants to the complex-energy trajectories are used to perform an extrapolation of the resonance energies , which , thus , become independent of the respective stabilization parameter . Within the monopole approximation to the two-center potential is demonstrated that the extrapolated results from SES and CAP are consistent to a high degree of accuracy . Extrapolated CAP calculations are extended to include dipole and quadrupole terms of the potential for a large range of internuclear separations R. These terms cause a broadening of the widths at the permille level when the nuclei are almost in contact , and at the % level for R values where the ground state enters the negative continuum .
0705.4321	physics.hist-ph physics.atom-ph	Coulomb oscillations as a remedy for the helium atom	The largest failure of the old , Bohr-Sommerfeld quantum theory was with the helium atom . It brought about the theory 's demise . I show that this failure does not originate , as commonly believed , with the orbit concept per se . Instead , it was caused by the wrong choice of orbits , compounded by ignorance of the exclusion principle . Choosing semiclassical electron oscillations through the He nucleus , I calculate a singlet ground-state energy that rivals in accuracy with quantum-mechanical results . The same method reveals Bohr's historic energy value as the forbidden triplet ground state -- a result beyond the reach of quantum mechanics . At the qualitative level , the concept of Coulomb oscillations visually explains the major features in the He double spectrum in terms of crossed or parallel orbit orientation .
0705.4329	physics.data-an physics.soc-ph q-fin.ST	Scale-free avalanches in the multifractal random walk	Avalanches , or Avalanche-like , events are often observed in the dynamical behaviour of many complex systems which span from solar flaring to the Earth's crust dynamics and from traffic flows to financial markets . Self-organized criticality ( SOC ) is one of the most popular theories able to explain this intermittent charge/discharge behaviour . Despite a large amount of theoretical work , empirical tests for SOC are still in their infancy . In the present paper we address the common problem of revealing SOC from a simple time series without having much information about the underlying system . As a working example we use a modified version of the multifractal random walk originally proposed as a model for the stock market dynamics . The study reveals , despite the lack of the typical ingredients of SOC , an avalanche-like dynamics similar to that of many physical systems . While , on one hand , the results confirm the relevance of cascade models in representing turbulent-like phenomena , on the other , they also raise the question about the current state of reliability of SOC inference from time series analysis .
0705.4331	physics.gen-ph	A novel spacetime concept for describing electronic motion within a helium atom	Euclidean space and linear algebra do not characterize dynamic electronic orbitals satisfactorily for even the motion of both electrons in an inert helium atom can not be defined in reasonable details . Here the author puts forward a novel two-dimensional spacetime model from scratch in the context of defining both electrons in a helium atom . Space and time are treated as two orthogonal , symmetric and complementary quantities under the atomic spacetime . Electronic motion observed the rule of differential and integral operations that were implemented by dynamic trigonometric functions . It is demonstrated that the atomic spacetime is not a linear vector space with Newtonian time , and within which calculus has non-classical definition , and complex wave functions have fresh physical significances . This alternative approach is original , informative and refreshing but still compatible with quantum mechanics in the formulation . The description of electronic resonance in helium is also comparable with classical mechanics such as an oscillating pendulum and with classical electromagnetism such as an LC oscillator . The study has effectively unified complex function , calculus , and trigonometry in mathematics , and provided a prospect for unifying particle physics with classical physics on the novel spacetime platform .
0705.4332	physics.ins-det	Feasibility for p+/p- flow-ratio evaluation in the 0.5 - 1.5 TeV primary energy range , based on Moon-shadow muon measurements , to be carried out in the Pyramid of the Sun , Teotihuacan , Experiment	Calculations are presented to demonstrate the feasibility of Moon shadow observations for mean primary energies in the region 0.5-1.5 TeV using a muon detector operating under the Pyramid of the Sun at Teotihuacan , Mexico . Due to the small height of that monument ( 65 m ) , the experiment is capable of providing considerably high statistics , although with reduced angular accuracy for primary particle direction reconstruction . Our estimates are based on simulations of muon production and transport in the atmosphere by CORSIKA and along the body of the pyramid by GEANT4 . The deflection of primaries in the earth magnetic field is calculated using the IGRF model . The statistics for the Moon shadow observations , which depends on different factors affecting the accuracy of the primary particle direction reconstruction , are analyzed in detail .
