0704.3478	physics.atom-ph	Isolated sub-100-attosecond pulse generation via controlling electron dynamics	A new method to coherently control the electron dynamics is proposed using a few-cycle laser pulse in combination with a controlling field . It is shown that this method not only broadens the attosecond pulse bandwidth , but also reduces the chirp , then an isolated 80-as pulse is straightforwardly obtained and even shorter pulse is achievable by increasing the intensity of the controlling field . Such ultrashort pulses allow one to investigate ultrafast electronic processes which have never be achieved before . In addition , the few-cycle synthesized pulse is expected to manipulate a wide range of laser-atom interactions .
0704.3482	physics.plasm-ph physics.flu-dyn	On the MHD load and the MHD metage	In analogy with the load and the metage in hydrodynamics , we define magnetohydrodynamic load and magnetohydrodynamic metage in the case of magnetofluids . They can be used to write the magnetic field in MHD in Clebsch's form . We show how these two concepts can be utilised to derive the magnetic analogue of the Ertel 's theorem and also , how in the presence of non-trivial topology of the magnetic field in the magnetofluid one may associate the linking number of the magnetic field lines with the invariant MHD loads . The paper illustrates that the symmetry translation of the MHD metage in the corresponding label space generates the conservation of cross helicity .
0704.3514	physics.ins-det	Scintillator Tile Hadron Calorimeter with Novel SiPM Readout	The CALICE collaboration is presently constructing a test hadron calorimeter ( HCAL ) with 7620 scintillator tiles read out by novel photo-detectors - Silicon Photomultipliers ( SiPMs ) . This prototype is the first device which uses SiPMs on a large scale . We present the design of the HCAL and report on measured properties of more than 10 thousand SiPMs . We discuss the SiPM efficiency , gain , cross-talk , and noise rate dependence on bias voltage and temperature , including the spread in these parameters . We analyze the reasons for SiPM rejection and present the results of the long term stability studies . The first measurements of the SiPM radiation hardness are presented . We compare properties of SiPM with the properties of similar devices , MRS APD and MPPC . A possibility to make the tiles thinner and to read them out without WLS fibers has been studied .
0704.3521	physics.gen-ph	Duality of momentum-energy and space-time on an almost complex manifold	We proved that under quantum mechanics a momentum-energy and a space-time are dual vector spaces on an almost complex manifold in position representation , and the minimal uncertainty relations are equivalent to the inner-product relations of their bases . In a microscopic sense , there exist locally a momentum-energy conservation and a space-time conservation . The minimal uncertainty relations refer to a local equilibrium state for a stable system , and the relations will be invariable in the special relativity . A supposition about something having dark property is proposed , which relates to a breakdown of time symmetry .
0704.3551	physics.bio-ph physics.comp-ph	Modelling diffusional transport in the interphase cell nucleus	In this paper a lattice model for diffusional transport of particles in the interphase cell nucleus is proposed . Dense networks of chromatin fibers are created by three different methods : randomly distributed , non-interconnected obstacles , a random walk chain model , and a self avoiding random walk chain model with persistence length . By comparing a discrete and a continuous version of the random walk chain model , we demonstrate that lattice discretization does not alter particle diffusion . The influence of the 3D geometry of the fiber network on the particle diffusion is investigated in detail , while varying occupation volume , chain length , persistence length and walker size . It is shown that adjacency of the monomers , the excluded volume effect incorporated in the self avoiding random walk model , and , to a lesser extent , the persistence length , affect particle diffusion . It is demonstrated how the introduction of the effective chain occupancy , which is a convolution of the geometric chain volume with the walker size , eliminates the conformational effects of the network on the diffusion , i.e. , when plotting the diffusion coefficient as a function of the effective chain volume , the data fall onto a master curve .
0704.3555	physics.atom-ph physics.gen-ph	Atomic physics experiments with trapped and cooled highly charged ions	Trapping and cooling techniques have become very important for many fundamental experiments in atomic physics . When applied to highly charged ions confined in Penning traps , these procedures are very effective for testing quantum electrodynamics in extreme electromagnetic fields produced by heavy highly charged ions such as uranium U $ ^ { 91+ } $ . In addition , fundamental constants or nuclear ground state properties can be determined with high accuracy in these simple systems . Finally , by studying a single trapped radioactive ion , its nuclear decay can be studied in detail by observing the disappearance of the signal of the mother and the appearance of that of the daughter isotope . Such experiments on highly charged ions at extremely low energy will become possible by the HITRAP facility which is currently being built up at GSI . Also the future Facility for Antiproton and Ion Research ( FAIR ) will be briefly described which is expected to be operational by 2014 .
0704.3560	physics.chem-ph physics.bio-ph	Tuning Spontaneous Emission versus Forster Energy Transfer in Biological Systems by Manipulating the Density of Photonic States	We theoretically discuss how to tune the competition between Forster transfer and spontaneous emission in a continuous and nondestructive fashion . The proposed approach is especially suitable for delicate biological systems like light harvesting complexes and fluorescent protein oligomers . We demonstrate that the manipulation of the density of photonic states at the emission frequency of the energy donor results in a change of the quantum efficiencies of the competing energy transfer and spontaneous emission processes . This change will be manifested in a modification of the donor and acceptor emission intensities . Thus , by controlling the local density of photonic states Forster coupled systems can be manipulated and analyzed without the need to physically separate donor and acceptor chromophores for individual analysis , which is of interest , for example , for oligomeric reef coral fluorescent proteins .
