0711.4134	physics.atom-ph astro-ph	A study of the breakdown of the quasi-static approximation at high densities and its effect on the helium-like K ALPHA complex of nickel , iron , and calcium	The General Spectral Modeling ( GSM ) code employs the quasi-static approximation , a standard , low-density methodology that assumes the ionization balance is separable from a determination of the excited-state populations that give rise to the spectra . GSM also allows for some states to be treated only as contributions to effective rates . While these two approximations are known to be valid at low densities , this work investigates using such methods to model high-density , non-LTE emission spectra and determines at what point the approximations break down by comparing to spectra produced by the LANL code ATOMIC which makes no such approximations . As both approximations are used by other astrophysical and low-density modeling codes , the results should be of broad interest . He-like K $ \alpha $ emission spectra are presented for Ni , Fe , and Ca , in order to gauge the effect of both approximations employed in GSM . This work confirms that at and above the temperature of maximum abundance of the He-like ionization stage , the range of validity for both approximations is sufficient for modeling the low- and moderate-density regimes one typically finds in astrophysical and magnetically confined fusion plasmas . However , a breakdown does occur for high densities ; we obtain quantitative limits that are significantly higher than previous works . This work demonstrates that , while the range of validity for both approximations is sufficient to predict the density-dependent quenching of the z line , the approximations break down at higher densities . Thus these approximations should be used with greater care when modeling high-density plasmas such as those found in inertial confinement fusion and electromagnetic pinch devices .
0711.4215	physics.optics	Unified Homogenization Theory for Magnetoinductive and Electromagnetic Waves in Split Ring Metamaterials	A unified homogenization procedure for split ring metamaterials taking into account time and spatial dispersion is introduced . The procedure is based on two coupled systems of equations . The first one comes from an approximation of the metamaterial as a cubic arrangement of coupled LC circuits , giving the relation between currents and local magnetic field . The second equation comes from macroscopic Maxwell equations , and gives the relation between the macroscopic magnetic field and the average magnetization of the metamaterial . It is shown that electromagnetic and magnetoinductive waves propagating in the metamaterial are obtained from this analysis . Therefore , the proposed time and spatially dispersive permeability accounts for the characterization of the complete spectrum of waves of the metamaterial . Finally , it is shown that the proposed theory is in good quantitative and qualitative agreement with full wave simulations .
0711.4232	physics.gen-ph	Lepton Generation Problem , Some Properties and Implications of the Curved Spacetime Dirac Equation -- ( II )	This reading is a continuation of the earlier reading Nyambuya ( 2008 ) ; where three new Curved Spacetime Dirac Equations have been derived mainly to try and account in a natural way for the observed anomalous gyromagnetic ratio of fermions and the suggestions is that particles including the Electron , which is thought to be a point particle , do have a finite spatial size and this is one of the reasons for the observed anomalous gyromagnetic ratio . Combining the idea in Nyambuya ( 2008 ) which lead to the derivation of the three new Curved Spacetime Dirac Equations , and the proposed Unified Field Theory ( Nyambuya 2007 ) , a total of 12 equations each with 16 sub-components are generated thus leading to a total of 192 equations for the Curved Spacetime Dirac Equation . Some symmetries of these equations are investigated , i.e. , the Lorentz symmetry , charge conjugation symmetry ( C ) , time reversal symmetry ( T ) , Space reversal ( P ) and a combination of the C , P and T - symmetries . It is shown that these equations are Lorentz invariant , obey C-symmetry and that some violate T and P-symmetry while others do not and that they all obey PT-symmetry . These symmetries show ( or modestly said -- seem to suggest ) that anti-particles have positive mass and energy but a negative rest-mass and the opposite sign in electronic charge . Through the inspection of these symmetries , a suggestion is ( here ) made to the effect that the rest-mass of a particle must be related to the electronic charge of that particle thus leading us to a possible resolution of whether or not Neutrinos do have a none-zero rest-mass . Additionally , we demonstrate that these equations have the potency to explain naturally the observed lepton generation phenomena .
0711.4239	physics.optics	A parametric study of the lensing properties of dodecagonal photonic quasicrystals	We present a study of the lensing properties of two-dimensional ( 2-D ) photonic quasicrystal ( PQC ) slabs made of dielectric cylinders arranged according to a 12-fold-symmetric square-triangle aperiodic tiling . Our full-wave numerical analysis confirms the results recently emerged in the technical literature and , in particular , the possibility of achieving focusing effects within several frequency regions . However , contrary to the original interpretation , such focusing effects turn out to be critically associated to local symmetry points in the PQC slab , and strongly dependent on its thickness and termination . Nevertheless , our study reveals the presence of some peculiar properties , like the ability to focus the light even for slabs with a reduced lateral width , or beaming effects , which render PQC slabs potentially interesting and worth of deeper investigation . Key words : Photonic quasicrystals ; negative refraction ; superlensing .
0711.4253	physics.ins-det	Production and Testing of the LHCb Outer Tracker Front End Readout Electronics	The LHCb Outer Tracker is a straw drift detector with a modular design and a total of 53760 readout channels distributed over a sensitive area of 12 double layers of 6x5 m2 each . The main electronics readout requirement is the precise ( 0.5 ns ) drift time measurement at an occupancy of 4 % and 1 MHz readout . A total of 128 channels are read out by one Front-End box . About half of the FE-Boxes have been built . Quality Assurance during the production has been performed on single FE-Box components . The assembled FE-Box is finally commissioned using a special FE-Tester . The FE-Tester is a programmable pulser with a time resolution of 150 ps capable to simulate all the functionality of the readout mimicking the real detector . Consequently , problems have been found and solved resulting in good overall performance .
0711.4266	physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph	Dispersion Terms and Analysis of Size- Charge Dependence in an Enhanced Poisson Boltzmann Approach	We implement a well-established concept to consider dispersion effects within a Poisson-Boltzmann approach of continuum solvation of proteins . The theoretical framework is particularly suited for boundary element methods . Free parameters are determined by comparison to experimental data as well as high-level quantum mechanical reference calculations . The method is general and can be easily extended in several directions . The model is tested on various chemical substances and found to yield good-quality estimates of the solvation free energy without obvious indication of any introduced bias . Once optimized , the model is applied to a series of proteins , and factors such as protein size or partial charge assignments are studied .
0711.4275	physics.acc-ph	A Complete Scheme of Ionization Cooling for a Muon Collider	A complete scheme for production and cooling a muon beam for three specified muon colliders is presented . Parameters for these muon colliders are given . The scheme starts with the front end of a proposed neutrino factory that yields bunch trains of both muon signs . Emittance exchange cooling in slow helical lattices reduces the longitudinal emittance until it becomes possible to merge the trains into single bunches , one of each sign . Further cooling in all dimensions is applied to the single bunches in further slow helical lattices . Final transverse cooling to the required parameters is achieved in 50 T solenoids using high Tc superconductor at 4 K. Preliminary simulations of each element are presented .
0711.4276	physics.class-ph gr-qc hep-th physics.gen-ph	The number of dimensional fundamental constants	We revisit , qualify , and objectively resolve the seemingly controversial question about what is the number of dimensional fundamental constants in Nature . For this purpose , we only assume that all we can directly measure are space and time intervals , and that this is enough to evaluate any physical observable . We conclude that the number of dimensional fundamental constants is two . We emphasize that this is an objective result rather than a `` philosophical opinion '' , and we let it clear how it could be refuted in order to prove us wrong . Our conclusion coincides with Veneziano 's string-theoretical one but our arguments are not based on any particular theory . As a result , this implies that one of the three usually considered fundamental constants `` G '' , `` c '' or `` h '' can be eliminated and we show explicitly how this can be accomplished .
0711.4279	physics.chem-ph	Correlation-Polarization Effects in Electron/Positron Scattering from Acetylene : A Comparison of Computational Models	Different computational methods are employed to evaluate elastic ( rotationally summed ) integral and differential cross sections for low energy ( below about 10 eV ) positron scattering off gas-phase C $ _2 $ H $ _2 $ molecules . The computations are carried out at the static and static-plus-polarization levels for describing the interaction forces and the correlation-polarization contributions are found to be an essential component for the correct description of low-energy cross section behavior . The local model potentials derived from density functional theory ( DFT ) and from the distributed positron model ( DPM ) are found to produce very high-quality agreement with existing measurements . On the other hand , the less satisfactory agreement between the R-matrix ( RM ) results and measured data shows the effects of the slow convergence rate of configuration-interaction ( CI ) expansion methods with respect to the size of the CI-expansion . To contrast the positron scattering findings , results for electron-C $ _2 $ H $ _2 $ integral and differential cross sections , calculated with both a DFT model potential and the R-matrix method , are compared and analysed around the shape resonance energy region and found to produce better internal agreement .
0711.4301	physics.optics	Spatial amplitude and phase modulation using commercial twisted nematic LCDs	We present a method for full spatial phase and amplitude control of a laser beam using a twisted nematic liquid crystal display combined with a spatial filter . By spatial filtering we combine four neighboring pixels into one superpixel . At each superpixel we are able to independently modulate the phase and the amplitude of light . We demonstrate experimentally the independent phase and amplitude modulation using this novel technique . Our technique does not impose special requirements on the spatial light modulator and allows precise control of fields even with imperfect modulators .
0711.4321	physics.atom-ph	Rabi oscillations and excitation trapping in the coherent excitation of a mesoscopic frozen Rydberg gas	We demonstrate the coherent excitation of a mesoscopic ensemble of about 100 ultracold atoms to Rydberg states by driving Rabi oscillations from the atomic ground state . We employ a dedicated beam shaping and optical pumping scheme to compensate for the small transition matrix element . We study the excitation in a weakly interacting regime and in the regime of strong interactions . When increasing the interaction strength by pair state resonances we observe an increased excitation rate through coupling to high angular momentum states . This effect is in contrast to the proposed and previously observed interaction-induced suppression of excitation , the so-called dipole blockade .
0711.4329	physics.optics physics.class-ph physics.gen-ph	When does the choice of the refractive index of a linear , homogeneous , isotropic , active , dielectric medium matter ?	Two choices are possible for the refractive index of a linear , homogeneous , isotropic , active , dielectric material . Either of the choices is adequate for obtaining frequency-domain solutions for ( i ) scattering by slabs , spheres , and other objects of bounded extent ; ( ii ) guided-wave propagation in homogeneously filled , cross-sectionally uniform , straight waveguide sections with perfectly conducting walls ; and ( iii ) image formation due to flat lenses . The correct choice does matter for the half-space problem , but that problem is not realistic .
0711.4330	physics.optics	Balanced right/left-handed mixtures of quasi-planar chiral inclusions	Some novel quasi-planar chiral inclusions , feasible from standard photo-etching techniques , are proposed . It is shown that such inclusions can be designed in order to present balanced electric , magnetic and magneto-electric polarizabilities . Using these inclusions , random and periodic bi-isotropic artificial metamaterials exhibiting a balanced positive/negative refractive index can be build up . These metamaterials would exhibit reasonable bandwidths and excellent matching to free space .
0711.4332	physics.atom-ph	Cross sections for short pulse single and double ionization of helium	In a previous publication , procedures were proposed for unambiguously extracting amplitudes for single and double ionization from a time-dependent wavepacket by effectively propagating for an infinite time following a radiation pulse . Here we demonstrate the accuracy and utility of those methods for describing two-photon single and one-photon double ionization of helium . In particular it is shown how narrow features corresponding to autoionizing states are easily resolved with these methods .
0711.4342	physics.gen-ph	Thermodynamics and Relativity : A Message to Physics Teachers ( for an easier understanding of the thermodynamic theory )	Whoever has to learn or to teach thermodynamics is confronted with conceptual difficulties which are specific to this field of physics ( [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] ) . It seems that they can be eliminated by inserting relativity in the thermodynamic theory . The aim of this paper is to summarize the problem and draw attention upon a fundamental point of the discussion .
0711.4362	physics.chem-ph physics.atm-clus	A six-dimensional H2-H2 potential energy surface for bound state spectroscopy	We present a six-dimensional potential energy surface for the H2-H2 dimer based on ab initio electronic structure calculations . The surface is intended to describe accurately the bound and quasibound states of the dimers H2-H2 , D2-D2 , and H2-D2 that correlate with H2 or D2 monomers in the rovibrational levels ( v , j ) = ( 0 , 0 ) , ( 0 , 2 ) , ( 1 , 0 ) , and ( 1 , 2 ) . We use four experimentally measured transition energies for these dimers to make two empirical adjustments to the ab initio surface ; the adjusted surface gives computed transition energies for 56 experimentally observed transitions that agree with experiment to within 0.036 cm^ { -1 } . For 29 of the 56 transitions , the agreement between the computed and measured transition energies is within the quoted experimental uncertainty . We use our potential energy surface to predict the energies of another 34 not-yet-observed infrared and Raman transitions for the three dimers .
