0706.2892	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech physics.gen-ph	On the Role of Zealotry in the Voter Model	We study the voter model with a finite density of zealots -- voters than never change opinion . For equal numbers of zealots of each species , the distribution of magnetization ( opinions ) is Gaussian in the mean-field limit as well as in one and two dimensions , with a width that is proportional to 1/sqrt { Z } , where Z is the number of zealots , independent of the total number of voters . Thus just a few zealots can prevent consensus or even the formation of a robust majority .
0706.2980	physics.bio-ph cond-mat.stat-mech q-bio.CB	Kinetics of cell division in epidermal maintenance	The rules governing cell division and differentiation are central to understanding the mechanisms of development , aging and cancer . By utilising inducible genetic labelling , recent studies have shown that the clonal population in transgenic mouse epidermis can be tracked in vivo . Drawing on these results , we explain how clonal fate data may be used to infer the rules of cell division and differentiation underlying the maintenance of adult murine tail-skin . We show that the rates of cell division and differentiation may be evaluated by considering the long-time and short-time clone fate data , and that the data is consistent with cells dividing independently rather than synchronously . Motivated by these findings , we consider a mechanism for cancer onset based closely on the model for normal adult skin . By analysing the expected changes to clonal fate in cancer emerging from a simple two-stage mutation , we propose that clonal fate data may provide a novel method for studying the earliest stages of the disease .
0706.3002	physics.chem-ph	Potential energy curves and transition moments for the excimer states 0u+ ( 3P1 ) and 1u ( 3P2 ) of Ar2	Exactly solvable rererence potentials of several smoothly joined Morse-type components were constructed for the lowest two excimer states of Ar2 molecule . The parameters of the potentials have been ascertained by fitting to the experimental data , and they are reliable in a wide range of nuclear separations . A large number of quantum mechanical Franck-Condon factors for bound-free and bound-bound transitions have been calculated and compared with the observed spectroscopic features . The fitting procedure also involved dipole transition moments , which have been adjusted to the known radiative lifetimes of the vibrational levels . The resulting potential energy curves accurately reproduce the first and the second emission continua of Ar2* as well as the oscillatory spectrum related to their inner turning point region . The numbering and the positions of the vibrational levels reported by Herman et al . [ P. R. Herman , P. E. LaRocque , and B. P. Stoicheff , J. Chem . Phys . 89 , 4535 ( 1988 ) ] have been confirmed .
0706.3013	physics.optics	Oscillation regimes of a solid-state ring laser with active beat note stabilization : from a chaotic device to a ring laser gyroscope	We report experimental and theoretical study of a rotating diode-pumped Nd-YAG ring laser with active beat note stabilization . Our experimental setup is described in the usual Maxwell-Bloch formalism . We analytically derive a stability condition and some frequency response characteristics for the solid-state ring laser gyroscope , illustrating the important role of mode coupling effects on the dynamics of such a device . Experimental data are presented and compared with the theory on the basis of realistic laser parameters , showing a very good agreement . Our results illustrate the duality between the very rich non linear dynamics of the diode-pumped solid-state ring laser ( including chaotic behavior ) and the possibility to obtain a very stable beat note , resulting in a potentially new kind of rotation sensor .
0706.3017	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph	Relativistic Three-Fermion Wave Equations in Reformulated QED and Relativistic Effects in Muonium Minus	The variational method , within the Hamiltonian formalism of reformulated QED is used to determine relativistic wave equations for a system of three fermions of arbitrary mass interacting electromagnetically . The interaction kernels of the equations are , in essence , the invariant $ \mathcal { M } $ matrices in lowest order . The equations are used to obtain relativistic $ O ( \alpha^2 ) $ corrections to the non-relativistic ground state energy levels of the Muonium negative ion ( $ \mu^+ e^- e^- $ ) as well as of $ \mathrm { Ps } ^- $ and $ \mathrm { H } ^- $ , using approximate variational three-body wave functions . The results are compared with other calculations , where available . The relativistic correction for Mu $ ^- $ is found to be $ -1.0773 \times 10^ { -4 } $ eV .
0706.3040	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	Experimental observation of strong photon localization in disordered photonic crystal waveguides	We demonstrate experimentally that structural perturbations imposed on highly-dispersive photonic crystal-based waveguides give rise to spectral features that bear signatures of Anderson localization . Sharp resonances with the effective Qs of over 30,000 are found in scattering spectra of disordered waveguides . The resonances are observed in a ~20-nm bandwidth centered at the cutoff of slowly-guided Bloch-modes . Their origin can be explained with interference of coherently scattered electromagnetic waves which results in the formation of a narrow impurity ( or localization ) band populated with spectrally distinct quasistates . Standard photon localization criteria are fulfilled in the localization band .
0706.3042	physics.flu-dyn	Turbulent transport of material particles : An experimental study of finite size effects	We use an acoustic Lagrangian tracking technique , particularly adapted to measurements in open flows , and a versatile material particles generator ( in the form of soap bubbles with adjustable size and density ) to characterize Lagrangian statistics of finite sized , neutrally bouyant , particles transported in an isotropic turbulent flow of air . We vary the size of the particles in a range corresponding to turbulent inertial scales and explore how the turbulent forcing experienced by the particles depends on their size . We show that , while the global shape of the intermittent acceleration probability density function does not depend significantly on particle size , the acceleration variance of the particles decreases as they become larger in agreement with the classical scaling for the spectrum of Eulerian pressure fluctuations in the carrier flow .
0706.3054	physics.optics	The perfect lens on a finite bandwidth	The resolution associated with the so-called perfect lens of thickness $ d $ is $ -2\pi d/\ln ( |\chi+2|/2 ) $ . Here the susceptibility $ \chi $ is a Hermitian function in $ H^2 $ of the upper half-plane , i.e. , a $ H^2 $ function satisfying $ \chi ( -\omega ) =\bar { \chi ( \omega ) } $ . An additional requirement is that the imaginary part of $ \chi $ be nonnegative for nonnegative arguments . Given an interval $ I $ on the positive half-axis , we compute the distance in $ L^\infty ( I ) $ from a negative constant to this class of functions . This result gives a surprisingly simple and explicit formula for the optimal resolution of the perfect lens on a finite bandwidth .
0706.3061	physics.chem-ph	Pump-probe polarized transient hole burning ( PTHB ) dynamics of hydrated electron revisited	Femtosecond PTHB spectroscopy was expected to demonstrate the existence of distinct s-p absorption subbands originating from the three nondegenerate p-like excited states of hydrated electron in anisotropic solvation cavity . Yet no conclusive experimental evidence either for this subband structure or the reorientation of the cavity on the picosecond time scale has been obtained . We demonstrate that rapid reorientation of s-p transition dipole moments in response to small scale motion of water molecules is the likely culprit . The polarized bleach is shown to be too small and too short lived to be observed reliably on the sub-picosecond time scale .
0706.3063	physics.flu-dyn	Self-similar shear-thickening behavior in CTAB/NaSal surfactant solutions	The effect of salt concentration Cs on the critical shear rate required for the onset of shear thickening and apparent relaxation time of the shear-thickened phase , has been investigated systematically for dilute CTAB/NaSal solutions . Experimental data suggest a self-similar behavior of the critical shear rate and relaxation time as functions of Cs . Specifically , the former ~ Cs^ ( -6 ) whereas the latter ~ Cs^ ( 6 ) such that an effective Weissenberg number for the onset of the shear thickened phase is only weakly dependent on Cs . A procedure has been developed to collapse the apparent shear viscosity versus shear rate data obtained for various values of Cs into a single master curve . The effect of Cs on the elastic modulus and mesh size of the shear-induced gel phase for different surfactant concentrations is discussed . Experiments performed using different flow cells ( Couette and cone-and-plate ) show that the critical shear rate , relaxation time and the maximum viscosity attained are geometry-independent . The elastic modulus of the gel phase inferred indirectly by employing simplified hydrodynamic instability analysis of a sheared gel-fluid interface is in qualitative agreement with that predicted for an entangled phase of living polymers . A qualitative mechanism that combines the effect of Cs on average micelle length and Debye parameter with shear-induced configurational changes of rod-like micelles is proposed to rationalize the self-similarity of SIS formation .
0706.3074	physics.geo-ph physics.ao-ph physics.flu-dyn	A review of wildland fire spread modelling , 1990-present , 1 : Physical and quasi-physical models	In recent years , advances in computational power and spatial data analysis ( GIS , remote sensing , etc ) have led to an increase in attempts to model the spread and behaviour of wildland fires across the landscape . This series of review papers endeavours to critically and comprehensively review all types of surface fire spread models developed since 1990 . This paper reviews models of a physical or quasi-physical nature . These models are based on the fundamental chemistry and/or physics of combustion and fire spread . Other papers in the series review models of an empirical or quasi-empirical nature , and mathematical analogues and simulation models . Many models are extensions or refinements of models developed before 1990 . Where this is the case , these models are also discussed but much less comprehensively .
