0709.3368	physics.ins-det	Track Based Alignment in CMS	The strategy for track based alignment of the CMS tracking and muon detectors is presented . After an overview over the used data samples , the general alignment strategy is presented , with a focus of the procedures envisaged at the start of data taking in 2008 . The three currently used alignment algorithms are discussed and first results on their application to the CMS tracker are presented , as well as studies on the alignment of the Muon detector with tracks .
0709.3385	physics.gen-ph	Mass generation of elementary particles and origin of the fundamental forces in algebraic quantum theory	The main thesis of this paper deals with the interactions of a set of fermions which are described by one basic type of bilinear interactions , two symmetric semiobjects , three embedded shells and four fundamental ( strong ) gravito-electro-magnetic forces between left and right semiobjects , i.e semifermions .
0709.3396	physics.acc-ph physics.class-ph	Cooling of Particle Beams in Storage Rings	Methods of particle beam cooling are reviewed .
0709.3402	physics.comp-ph	Amplified signal response in scale-free networks by collaborative signaling	Many natural and artificial two-states signaling devices are connected forming networks . The information-processing potential of these systems is usually related to the response to weak external signals . Here , using a network of overdamped bistable elements , we study the effect of a heterogeneous complex topology on the signal response . The analysis of the problem in random scale-free networks , reveals that heterogeneity plays a crucial role in amplifying external signals . We have contrasted numerical simulations with analytical calculations in simplified topologies .
0709.3403	physics.acc-ph physics.class-ph	Enhanced Optical Cooling of Particle Beams in Storage Rings	A method of enhanced optical cooling ( EOC ) based on nonlinear selective interaction between particles and theirs amplified undulator radiation wavelets ( URW ) in storage rings is discussed . It leads to non-exponential fast damping . The selectivity is arranged by a moving screen located on the image plane of the optical system projecting URW there .
0709.3418	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Spartan Random Processes in Time Series Modeling	A Spartan random process ( SRP ) is used to estimate the correlation structure of time series and to predict ( extrapolate ) the data values . SRP 's are motivated from statistical physics , and they can be viewed as Ginzburg-Landau models . The temporal correlations of the SRP are modeled in terms of `interactions ' between the field values . Model parameter inference employs the computationally fast modified method of moments , which is based on matching sample energy moments with the respective stochastic constraints . The parameters thus inferred are then compared with those obtained by means of the maximum likelihood method . The performance of the Spartan predictor ( SP ) is investigated using real time series of the quarterly S & P 500 index . SP prediction errors are compared with those of the Kolmogorov-Wiener predictor . Two predictors , one of which explicit , are derived and used for extrapolation . The performance of the predictors is similarly evaluated .
0709.3431	physics.soc-ph	K-Scaffold subgraphs of Complex networks	Complex networks with high numbers of nodes or links are often difficult to analyse . However , not all elements contribute equally to their structural patterns . A small number of elements ( the hubs ) seem to play a particularly relevant role in organizing the overall structure around them . But other parts of the architecture ( such as hub-hub connecting elements ) are also important . In this letter we present a new type of substructure , to be named the $ K $ -scaffold subgraph , able to capture all the essential network components . Their key features , including the so called critical scaffold graph , are analytically derived .
0709.3457	physics.class-ph	Concerning Hidden Momentum	The fact that the author of an excellent textbook on electromagnetism could be duped by `` hidden momentum '' vividly illustrates the problematic nature of its use .
0709.3481	physics.ins-det	Energy resolution improvement in room-temperature CZT detectors	We present methods to improve the energy resolution of single-channel , room-temperature Cadmium-Zinc-Telluride ( CZT ) detectors . A new preamplifier design enables the acquisition of the actual transient current from the crystals and straightforward data analysis methods yield unprecedented energy resolution for our test-detectors . These consist of an eV-CAPture Plus crystal as standard and 1 cm cube Frisch collar crystals created in-house from low-grade coplanar grid detectors . Energy resolutions of 1.9 % for our collar detectors and 0.8 % for the eV crystal at 662 keV were obtained . The latter compares favourably to the best existing energy resolution results from pixel detectors .
0709.3493	physics.plasm-ph	Kliem and Toeroek Reply	Reply to Comment on `` Torus Instability '' by J. Chen , Phys . Rev . Lett . 99 , 099501 ( 2007 ) . Refers to `` Torus Instability '' by Kliem and Toeroek , Phys . Rev . Lett . 96 , 255002 ( 2006 ) .
0709.3504	physics.gen-ph	Forty-Four Pass Fibre Optic Loop for Improving the Sensitivity of Surface Plasmon Resonance Sensors	A forty-four pass fibre optic surface plasmon resonance sensor that enhances detection sensitivity according to the number of passes is demonstrated for the first time . The technique employs a fibre optic recirculation loop that passes the detection spot forty- four times , thus enhancing sensitivity by a factor of forty-four . Presently , the total number of passes is limited by the onset of lasing action of the recirculation loop . This technique offers a significant sensitivity improvement for various types of plasmon resonance sensors that may be used in chemical and biomolecule detections .
0709.3512	physics.data-an cond-mat.stat-mech stat.ML	A Bayesian Approach to Network Modularity	We present an efficient , principled , and interpretable technique for inferring module assignments and for identifying the optimal number of modules in a given network . We show how several existing methods for finding modules can be described as variant , special , or limiting cases of our work , and how the method overcomes the resolution limit problem , accurately recovering the true number of modules . Our approach is based on Bayesian methods for model selection which have been used with success for almost a century , implemented using a variational technique developed only in the past decade . We apply the technique to synthetic and real networks and outline how the method naturally allows selection among competing models .
0709.3537	physics.hist-ph physics.soc-ph	L'articolo di Ettore Majorana su `` Il valore delle Leggi Statistiche nella Fisica e nelle Scienze Sociali '' ( Ettore Majorana 's article on `` The value of Statistical Laws in Physics and in Social Sciences '' )	The mentioned article was written by Ettore Majorana , in a partially educational way , for a journal of Sociology ; but he gave up publishing it ( and threw it away ) . It appeared posthumous , thanks to Giovanni Gentile Jr. ( the inventor of `` parastatistics '' ) in `` Scientia '' 36 ( 1942 ) 58-66 . It has not been re-published , in Italian , till the beginning of 2006 , when we made known some abridgements of it by Italian newspapers and by the journal `` Fisica in Medicina '' . We do n't know when was it written : perhaps in 1930 . However , its central theme was still alive in Majorana 's mind in 1934 : in fact , on July 27 , 1934 , he will write to G.Gentile Jr. to expect that < < soon it will be generally understood that science ceased to be a justification for the vulgar materialism > > . Here , in Part I , we present a suitable reduction , edited by us , of Majorana 's article ; while in Part II we add a complete transcription of it . [ Since the paper which appeared in `` Scientia '' contains some errors in the interpretation of Majorana 's handwriting , the present versions have been very slightly `` corrected '' by us ] . For the translations into English of Majorana's paper , see Refs . [ 5,6 ] below . A more extended Summary ( in English , besides in Italian ) can be found at the beginning of the present e-print . The interested reader can found all the known biographical documents -- apart from the ones discovered during the last two years -- in the book by E.Recami , `` Il Caso Majorana : Epistolario , Testimonianze , Documenti '' ( Mondadori , Milan , 1987 and 1991 ; Di Renzo Editore , Rome , 2000 and 2002 ) ; and in the e-prints arXiv : physics/9810023v4 [ physics.hist-ph ] ; arXiv:0708.2855v1 [ physics.hist-ph ] ; and arXiv:0709.1183 [ physics.hist-ph ] .
