0704.0291	physics.atom-ph cond-mat.other	Approaching the Heisenberg limit in an atom laser	We present experimental and theoretical results showing the improved beam quality and reduced divergence of an atom laser produced by an optical Raman transition , compared to one produced by an RF transition . We show that Raman outcoupling can eliminate the diverging lens effect that the condensate has on the outcoupled atoms . This substantially improves the beam quality of the atom laser , and the improvement may be greater than a factor of ten for experiments with tight trapping potentials . We show that Raman outcoupling can produce atom lasers whose quality is only limited by the wavefunction shape of the condensate that produces them , typically a factor of 1.3 above the Heisenberg limit .
0704.0334	physics.chem-ph	A Multiphilic Descriptor for Chemical Reactivity and Selectivity	In line with the local philicity concept proposed by Chattaraj et al . ( Chattaraj , P. K. ; Maiti , B. ; Sarkar , U. J. Phys . Chem . A . 2003 , 107 , 4973 ) and a dual descriptor derived by Toro-Labbe and coworkers ( Morell , C. ; Grand , A. ; Toro-Labbe , A. J. Phys . Chem . A . 2005 , 109 , 205 ) , we propose a multiphilic descriptor . It is defined as the difference between nucleophilic ( Wk+ ) and electrophilic ( Wk- ) condensed philicity functions . This descriptor is capable of simultaneously explaining the nucleophilicity and electrophilicity of the given atomic sites in the molecule . Variation of these quantities along the path of a soft reaction is also analyzed . Predictive ability of this descriptor has been successfully tested on the selected systems and reactions . Corresponding force profiles are also analyzed in some representative cases . Also , to study the intra- and intermolecular reactivities another related descriptor namely , the nucleophilicity excess ( DelW-+ ) for a nucleophile , over the electrophilicity in it has been defined and tested on all-metal aromatic compounds .
0704.0339	physics.flu-dyn physics.comp-ph	Lattice Boltzmann inverse kinetic approach for the incompressible Navier-Stokes equations	In spite of the large number of papers appeared in the past which are devoted to the lattice Boltzmann ( LB ) methods , basic aspects of the theory still remain unchallenged . An unsolved theoretical issue is related to the construction of a discrete kinetic theory which yields \textit { exactly } the fluid equations , i.e. , is non-asymptotic ( here denoted as \textit { LB inverse kinetic theory } ) . The purpose of this paper is theoretical and aims at developing an inverse kinetic approach of this type . In principle infinite solutions exist to this problem but the freedom can be exploited in order to meet important requirements . In particular , the discrete kinetic theory can be defined so that it yields exactly the fluid equation also for arbitrary non-equilibrium ( but suitably smooth ) kinetic distribution functions and arbitrarily close to the boundary of the fluid domain . Unlike previous entropic LB methods the theorem can be obtained without functional constraints on the class of the initial distribution functions . Possible realizations of the theory and asymptotic approximations are provided which permit to determine the fluid equations \textit { with prescribed accuracy . } As a result , asymptotic accuracy estimates of customary LB approaches and comparisons with the Chorin artificial compressibility method are discussed .
0704.0345	physics.soc-ph	A High Robustness and Low Cost Model for Cascading Failures	We study numerically the cascading failure problem by using artificially created scale-free networks and the real network structure of the power grid . The capacity for a vertex is assigned as a monotonically increasing function of the load ( or the betweenness centrality ) . Through the use of a simple functional form with two free parameters , revealed is that it is indeed possible to make networks more robust while spending less cost . We suggest that our method to prevent cascade by protecting less vertices is particularly important for the design of more robust real-world networks to cascading failures .
0704.0363	physics.gen-ph	Time and motion in physics : the Reciprocity Principle , relativistic invariance of the lengths of rulers and time dilatation	Ponderable objects moving in free space according to Newton 's First Law constitute both rulers and clocks when one such object is viewed from the rest frame of another . Together with the Reciprocity Principle this is used to demonstrate , in both Galilean and special relativity , the invariance of the measured length of a ruler in motion . The different times : `proper ' , `improper' and `apparent ' appearing in different formulations of the relativistic time dilatation relation are discussed and exemplified by experimental applications . A non-intuitive `length expansion ' effect predicted by the Reciprocity Principle as a necessary consequence of time dilatation is pointed out
0704.0374	physics.geo-ph	Gravity-induced electric polarization of matter and planetary magnetic fields	This paper has been withdrawn due to copyright reasons .
0704.0375	physics.chem-ph	Rich methane premixed laminar flames doped by light unsaturated hydrocarbons - Part I : allene and propyne	The structure of three laminar premixed rich flames has been investigated : a pure methane flame and two methane flames doped by allene and propyne , respectively . The gases of the three flames contain 20.9 % ( molar ) of methane and 33.4 % of oxygen , corresponding to an equivalence ratio of 1.25 for the pure methane flame . In both doped flames , 2.49 % of C3H4 was added , corresponding to a ratio C3H4/CH4 of 12 % and an equivalence ratio of 1.55 . The three flames have been stabilized on a burner at a pressure of 6.7 kPa using argon as dilutant , with a gas velocity at the burner of 36 cm/s at 333 K. The concentration profiles of stable species were measured by gas chromatography after sampling with a quartz microprobe . Quantified species included carbon monoxide and dioxide , methane , oxygen , hydrogen , ethane , ethylene , acetylene , propyne , allene , propene , propane , 1,2-butadiene , 1,3-butadiene , 1-butene , isobutene , 1-butyne , vinylacetylene , and benzene . The temperature was measured using a PtRh ( 6 % ) -PtRh ( 30 % ) thermocouple settled inside the enclosure and ranged from 700 K close to the burner up to 1850 K. In order to model these new results , some improvements have been made to a mechanism previously developed in our laboratory for the reactions of C3-C4 unsaturated hydrocarbons . The main reaction pathways of consumption of allene and propyne and of formation of C6 aromatic species have been derived from flow rate analyses .
0704.0414	physics.optics	Leaky modes of a left-handed slab	Using complex plane analysis we show that left-handed slab may support either leaky slab waves , which are backward because of negative refraction , or leaky surface waves , which are backward or forward depending on the propagation direction of the surface wave itself . Moreover , there is a general connection between the reflection coefficient of the left-handed slab and the one of the corresponding right-handed slab ( with opposite permittivity and permeability ) so that leaky slab modes are excited for the same angle of incidence of the impinging beam for both structures . Many negative giant lateral shifts can be explained by the excitation of these leaky modes .
0704.0422	physics.optics	Polarization conversion in a silica microsphere	We experimentally demonstrate controlled polarization-selective phenomena in a whispering gallery mode resonator . We observed efficient ( $ \approx 75 % $ ) polarization conversion of light in a silica microsphere coupled to a tapered optical fiber with proper optimization of the polarization of the propagating light . A simple model treating the microsphere as a ring resonator provides a good fit to the observed behavior .
0704.0434	physics.chem-ph physics.flu-dyn	Protein and ionic surfactants - promoters and inhibitors of contact line pinning	We report a new effect of surfactants in pinning a drop contact line , specifically that lysozyme promotes while lauryl sulfate inhibits pinning . We explain the pinning disparity assuming difference in wetting : the protein-laden drop wets a `` clean '' surface and the surfactant-laden drop wets an auto-precursored surface .
0704.0436	physics.gen-ph	Eigen Equation of the Nonlinear Spinor	How to effectively solve the eigen solutions of the nonlinear spinor field equation coupling with some other interaction fields is important to understand the behavior of the elementary particles . In this paper , we derive a simplified form of the eigen equation of the nonlinear spinor , and then propose a scheme to solve their numerical solutions . This simplified equation has elegant and neat structure , which is more convenient for both theoretical analysis and numerical computation .
0704.0442	physics.optics physics.gen-ph quant-ph	Quantum electromagnetic X-waves	We show that two distinct quantum states of the electromagnetic field can be associated to a classical vector X wave or a propagation-invariant solution of Maxwell equations . The difference between the two states is of pure quantum mechanical origin since they are internally entangled and disentangled , respectively and can be generated by different linear or nonlinear processes . Detection and generation of Schr\ '' odinger-cat states comprising two entangled X-waves and their possible applications are discussed .
0704.0484	physics.ed-ph physics.gen-ph	Search for Chaotic Behavior in a Flapping Flag	We measured the correlation of the times between successive flaps of a flag for a variety of wind speeds and found no evidence of low dimensional chaotic behavior in the return maps of these times . We instead observed what is best modeled as random times determined by an exponential distribution . This study was done as an undergraduate experiment and illustrates the differences between low dimensional chaotic and possibly higher dimensional chaotic systems .
