0704.2114	physics.gen-ph physics.bio-ph	Universal spectrum for DNA base CG frequency distribution in Takifugu rubripes ( Puffer fish ) genome	The frequency distribution of DNA bases A , C , G , T exhibit fractal fluctuations ubiquitous to dynamical systems in nature . The power spectra of fractal fluctuations exhibit inverse power law form signifying long-range correlations between local ( small-scale ) and global ( large-scale ) perturbations . The author has developed a general systems theory based on classical statistical physics for fractal fluctuations which predicts that the probability distribution of eddy amplitudes and the variance ( square of eddy amplitude ) spectrum of fractal fluctuations follow the universal Boltzmann inverse power law expressed as a function of the golden mean . The model predicted distribution is very close to statistical normal distribution for fluctuations within two standard deviations from the mean and exhibits a fat long tail . In this paper it is shown that DNA base CG frequency distribution in Takifugu rubripes ( Puffer fish ) Genome Release 4 exhibit universal inverse power law form consistent with model prediction . The observed long-range correlations in the DNA bases implies that the non-coding 'junk ' or 'selfish' DNA which appear to be redundant , may also contribute to the efficient functioning of the protein coding DNA , a result supported by recent studies .
0704.2139	physics.pop-ph physics.soc-ph q-fin.GN	Why only few are so successful ?	In many professons employees are rewarded according to their relative performance . Corresponding economy can be modeled by taking $ N $ independent agents who gain from the market with a rate which depends on their current gain . We argue that this simple realistic rate generates a scale free distribution even though intrinsic ability of agents are marginally different from each other . As an evidence we provide distribution of scores for two different systems ( a ) the global stock game where players invest in real stock market and ( b ) the international cricket .
0704.2151	physics.atom-ph cond-mat.soft	Spectroscopy of atomic rubidium at 500 bar buffer gas pressure : approaching the thermal equilibrium of dressed atom-light states	We have recorded fluorescence spectra of the atomic rubidium D-lines in the presence of several hundreds of bars buffer gas pressure . With additional saturation broadening a spectral linewidth comparable to the thermal energy of the atoms in the heated gas cell is achieved . An intensity-dependent blue asymmetry of the spectra is observed , which becomes increasingly pronounced when extrapolating to infinitely high light intensity . We interpret our results as evidence for the dressed ( coupled atom-light ) states to approach thermal equilibrium .
0704.2154	physics.optics	Photonic molecules made of matched and mismatched microcavities : new functionalities of microlasers and optoelectronic components	Photonic molecules , named by analogy with chemical molecules , are clusters of closely located electromagnetically interacting microcavities or `` photonic atoms '' . As two or several microcavities are brought close together , their optical modes interact , and a rich spectrum of photonic molecule supermodes emerges , which depends both on geometrical and material properties of individual cavities and on their mutual interactions . Here , we discuss ways of controllable manipulation of photonic molecule supermodes , which improve or add new functionalities to microcavity-based optical components . We present several optimally-tuned photonic molecule designs for lowering thresholds of semiconductor microlasers , producing directional light emission , enhancing sensitivity of microcavity-based bio ( chemical ) sensors , and optimizing electromagnetic energy transfer around bends of coupled-cavity waveguides . Photonic molecules composed of identical microcavities as well as of microcavities with various degrees of size or material detuning are discussed . Microwave experiments on scaled photonic molecule structures are currently under way to confirm our theoretical predictions .
0704.2163	physics.soc-ph	Social networks and labour productivity in Europe : An empirical investigation	This paper uses firm-level data recorded in the AMADEUS database to investigate the distribution of labour productivity in different European countries . We find that the upper tail of the empirical productivity distributions follows a decaying power-law , whose exponent $ \alpha $ is obtained by a semi-parametric estimation technique recently developed by Clementi et al . ( 2006 ) . The emergence of `` fat tails '' in productivity distribution has already been detected in Di Matteo et al . ( 2005 ) and explained by means of a model of social network . Here we show that this model is tested on a broader sample of countries having different patterns of social network structure . These different social attitudes , measured using a social capital indicator , reflect in the power-law exponent estimates , verifying in this way the existence of linkages among firms ' productivity performance and social network .
0704.2173	physics.optics physics.med-ph	Speckle reduction in ocular wave-front sensing	An acousto-optic cell was used to reduce the speckle noise that reduces the quality of Hartmann-Shack and other wave-front sensors measuring ocular aberrations . In the method presented here , a laser beam traverses an acousto-optic cell , interacting with standing acoustic waves . Speckle reduction takes place as the incoming beam is diffractively spread across the cornea . The increased size and the wider angular spread of the incoming beam average out the speckles , producing a more uniform response of the wave-front sensor .
0704.2180	physics.atom-ph	Single photoeffect on helium-like ions in the non-relativistic region	We present a generalization of the pioneering results obtained for single K-shell photoionization of H-like ions by M. Stobbe [ Ann . Phys . 7 ( 1930 ) 661 ] to the case of the helium isoelectronic sequence . The total cross section of the process is calculated , taking into account the correlation corrections to first order of the perturbation theory with respect to the electron-electron interaction . Predictions are made for the entire non-relativistic energy domain . The phenomenon of dynamical suppression of correlation effects in the ionization cross section is discussed .
0704.2190	physics.atom-ph	Theoretical study of the accuracy limits for the optical resonance frequency measurements	The principal limits for the accuracy of the resonance frequency measurements set by the asymmetry of the natural resonance line shape are studied and applied to the recent accurate frequency measurements in the two-photon 1s-2s resonance and in the one-photon 1s-2p resonance in hydrogen atom . This limit for 1s-2s resonance is found to be $ \sim 10^ { -5 } $ Hz compared to the accuracy achieved in experiment $ \pm 46 $ Hz . In case of deuterium atom the limit is essentially larger : $ 10^ { -2 } $ Hz . For 1s-2p resonance the accuracy limit is 0.17 MHz while the uncertainty of the recent frequency measurement is about 6 MHz .
0704.2193	physics.atm-clus	Liquid Drop Stability of a Superdeformed Prolate Semi-Spheroidal Atomic Cluster	Analytical relationships for the surface and curvature energies of oblate and prolate semi-spheroidal atomic clusters have been obtained . By modifying the cluster shape from a spheroid to a semi-spheroid the most stable shape was changed from a sphere to a superdeformed prolate semi-spheroid ( including the flat surface of the end cap ) . Potential energy surfaces vs. deformation and the number of atoms , N , illustrate this property independent of N .
0704.2197	physics.atom-ph	Excited states of the helium-antihydrogen system	Potential energy curves for excited leptonic states of the helium-antihydrogen system are calculated within Ritz ' variational approach . An explicitly correlated ansatz for the leptonic wave function is employed describing accurately the motion of the leptons ( two electrons and positron ) in the field of the helium nucleus and of the antiproton with arbitrary orbital angular momentum projection $ \Lambda $ onto the internuclear axis . Results for $ \Lambda $ =0 , 1 and 30 are presented . For quasibound states with large values of $ \Lambda $ and rotational quantum numbers $ J > \Lambda $ no annihilation and rearrangement decay channels occur , i. e. they are metastable .
0704.2217	physics.plasm-ph astro-ph physics.flu-dyn	Analysis of the Effect of a Mean Velocity Field on Mean Field Dynamo	We study semi-analytically and in a consistent manner , the generation of a mean velocity field $ \bar { \mathbf { U } } $ by helical MHD turbulence , and the effect that this field can have on a Mean Field Dynamo . Assuming a prescribed , maximally helical small scale velocity field , we show that large scale flows can be generated in MHD turbulent flows , via small scale Lorentz force . These flows back-react on the mean electromotive force of a Mean Field Dynamo through new terms , leaving the original $ \alpha $ and $ \beta $ terms explicitly unmodified . Cross-helicity plays the key role in interconnecting all the effects . In the minimal $ \tau $ closure that we chose to work with , the effects are stronger for large relaxation times .
0704.2223	physics.gen-ph physics.hist-ph	Whitehead 's Trilogy and the Curvature of Spacetime	My object in the present paper is to : ( 1 ) introduce physicists to the life and work of Whitehead ; ( 2 ) outline the content of his book `` The Principle of Relativity '' ; ( 3 ) present Whitehead 's basic criticism of the General Theory of Relativity which , to my mind , has never been rebutted or properly appreciated , even by GTR specialists ; ( 4 ) propose a significant relevant research problem ; and ( 5 ) summarize some of the rather radical implications of the acceptance of Whitehead 's observations , including that spacetime is not curved .
