0706.1136	physics.ins-det	Multiple hits in wire chambers and other particle detectors	We propose an analysis of the dead time losses in counting imaging detectors such as MWPC which can resolve $ k $ simultaneous hits , and analyze in more detail an $ X-Y $ detector which has a third wire set which allows for the recognition of simultaneous impacts .
0706.1152	physics.atm-clus	Global Potential Energy Minima of ( H $ _ { 2 } $ O ) $ _ { n } $ Clusters on Graphite	Likely candidates for the global potential energy minima of ( H $ _ { 2 } $ O ) $ _ { n } $ clusters with $ n\leq21 $ on the ( 0001 ) -surface of graphite are found using basin-hopping global optimization . The potential energy surfaces are constructed using the TIP4P intermolecular potentials for the water molecules ( the TIP3P is also explored as a secondary choice ) , a Lennard-Jones water-graphite potential , and a water-graphite polarization potential that is built from classical electrostatic image methods and takes into account both the perpendicular and parallel electric polarizations of graphite . This potential energy surface produces a rather hydrophobic water-graphite interaction . As a consequence , the water component of the lowest graphite- ( H $ _ { 2 } $ O ) $ _ { n } $ minima is quite closely related to low-lying minima of the corresponding TIP4P ( H $ _ { 2 } $ O ) $ _ { n } $ clusters . In about half of the cases the geometrical substructure of the water molecules in the graphite- ( H $ _ { 2 } $ O ) $ _ { n } $ global minimum coincides with that of the corresponding free water cluster . Exceptions occur when the interaction with graphite induces a change in geometry . A comparison of our results with available theoretical and experimental data is performed .
0706.1160	physics.ins-det	Anomalous diffusion of epicentres	The classification of earthquakes in main shocks and aftershocks by a method recently proposed by M. Baiesi and M. Paczuski allows to the generation of a complex network composed of clusters that group the most correlated events . The spatial distribution of epicentres inside these structures corresponding to the catalogue of earthquakes in the eastern region of Cuba shows anomalous anti-diffusive behaviour evidencing the attractive nature of the main shock and the possible description in terms of fractional kinetics .
0706.1165	physics.flu-dyn astro-ph	On the existence of two-dimensional nonlinear steady states in plane Couette flow	The problem of two-dimensional steady nonlinear dynamics in plane Couette flow is revisited using homotopy from either plane Poiseuille flow or from plane Couette flow perturbed by a small symmetry-preserving identity operator . Our results show that it is not possible to obtain the nonlinear plane Couette flow solutions reported by Cherhabili and Ehrenstein [ Eur . J. Mech . B/Fluids , 14 , 667 ( 1995 ) ] using their Poiseuille-Couette homotopy . We also demonstrate that the steady solutions obtained by Mehta and Healey [ Phys . Fluids , 17 , 4108 ( 2005 ) ] for small symmetry-preserving perturbations are influenced by an artefact of the modified system of equations used in their paper . However , using a modified version of their model does not help to find plane Couette flow solution in the limit of vanishing symmetry-preserving perturbations either . The issue of the existence of two-dimensional nonlinear steady states in plane Couette flow remains unsettled .
0706.1170	physics.atom-ph	A lattice of microtraps for ultracold atoms based on patterned magnetic films	We have realized a two dimensional permanent magnetic lattice of Ioffe-Pritchard microtraps for ultracold atoms . The lattice is formed by a single 300 nm magnetized layer of FePt , patterned using optical lithography . Our magnetic lattice consists of more than 15000 tightly confining microtraps with a density of 1250 traps/mm $ ^2 $ . Simple analytical approximations for the magnetic fields produced by the lattice are used to derive relevant trap parameters . We load ultracold atoms into at least 30 lattice sites at a distance of approximately 10 $ \mu $ m from the film surface . The present result is an important first step towards quantum information processing with neutral atoms in magnetic lattice potentials .
0706.1187	physics.optics physics.class-ph	Gravity-like potential traps light and stretches supercontinuum in photonic crystal fibers	The use of photonic crystal fibers pumped by femtosecond pulses has enabled the generation of broad optical supercontinua with nano-joule input energies . This striking discovery has applications ranging from spectroscopy and metrology to telecommunication and medicine . Amongst the physical principles underlying supercontinuum generation are soliton fission , a variety of four-wave mixing processes , Raman induced soliton self-frequency shift , and dispersive wave generation mediated by solitons . Although all of the above effects contribute to supercontinuum generation none of them can explain the generation of blue and violet light from infrared femtosecond pump pulses , which has been seen already in the first observations of the supercontinuum in photonic crystal fibers . In this work we argue that the most profound role in the shaping of the short-wavelength edge of the continuum is played by the effect of radiation trapping in a gravity-like potential created by accelerating solitons . The underlying physics of this effect has a straightforward analogy with the inertial forces acting on an observer moving with a constant acceleration .
0706.1204	physics.gen-ph physics.plasm-ph	Analytical Form of Current-Voltage Characteristic of a Parallel-Plane Ionization Chamber	The elementary processes taking place in the formation of charged particles and their flow in the ionization chamber are considered . On the basic of particles and charges balance a differential equation describing the distribution of current densities in the ionization chamber volume is obtained . As a result of the differential equation solution an analytical form of the current-voltage characteristic of a parallel-plane ionization chamber is obtained .
0706.1236	physics.plasm-ph	Kinetic-Ion Simulations Addressing Whether Ion Trapping Inflates Stimulated Brillouin Backscattering Reflectivities	An investigation of the possible inflation of stimulated Brillouin backscattering ( SBS ) due to ion kinetic effects is presented using electromagnetic particle simulations and integrations of three-wave coupled-mode equations with linear and nonlinear models of the nonlinear ion physics . Electrostatic simulations of linear ion Landau damping in an ion acoustic wave , nonlinear reduction of damping due to ion trapping , and nonlinear frequency shifts due to ion trapping establish a baseline for modeling the electromagnetic SBS simulations . Systematic scans of the laser intensity have been undertaken with both one-dimensional particle simulations and coupled-mode-equations integrations , and two values of the electron-to-ion temperature ratio ( to vary the linear ion Landau damping ) are considered . Three of the four intensity scans have evidence of SBS inflation as determined by observing more reflectivity in the particle simulations than in the corresponding three-wave mode-coupling integrations with a linear ion-wave model , and the particle simulations show evidence of ion trapping .
0706.1280	physics.gen-ph	The Extensive Special Relativity and Comment on Local Lorentz Transformation in Varying Speed of Light Theory	It is proved that local Lorentz transformations for different systems can not derive varying speed of light . Based on the special relativity principle , an invariant speed is necessarily obtained . Therefore , the exact basic principles of the special relativity should be redefined as : I . The special relativity principle , which derives necessarily an invariant speed . II . Suppose that the invariant speed in the theory is the speed of light in the vacuum c. If the second principle does not hold , for example , the superluminal motions exist , the theory will be still the extensive special relativity , in which the formulations are the same , only c is replaced by the invariant speed . If the invariant speed are various invariant velocities , the diversity of space-time will correspond to many worlds . Varying speed of light theory is probably connected only with the general relativity .
