0706.0024	physics.soc-ph	Socioeconomic Networks with Long-Range Interactions	We study a modified version of a model previously proposed by Jackson and Wolinsky to account for communicating information and allocating goods in socioeconomic networks . In the model , the utility function of each node is given by a weighted sum of contributions from all accessible nodes . The weights , parameterized by the variable $ \delta $ , decrease with distance . We introduce a growth mechanism where new nodes attach to the existing network preferentially by utility . By increasing $ \delta $ , the network structure evolves from a power-law to an exponential degree distribution , passing through a regime characterised by shorter average path length , lower degree assortativity and higher central point dominance . In the second part of the paper we compare different network structures in terms of the average utility received by each node . We show that power-law networks provide higher average utility than Poisson random networks . This provides a possible justification for the ubiquitousness of scale-free networks in the real world .
0706.0085	physics.gen-ph	Off-site continuums and methods of their mathematical description	The hypothesis concerning the off-site continuum existence is investigated from the point of view of the mathematical theory of sets . The principles and methods of the mathematical description of the physical objects from different off-site continuums are introduced and discussed . There are also proposed the mathematical methods of the description of the off-site continuum observable structures and the visual perception of its physical objects from the continuum of the observer .
0706.0099	physics.data-an	An Algorithm for the Continuous Morlet Wavelet Transform	This article consists of a brief discussion of the energy density over time or frequency that is obtained with the wavelet transform . Also an efficient algorithm is suggested to calculate the continuous transform with the Morlet wavelet . The energy values of the Wavelet transform are compared with the power spectrum of the Fourier transform . Useful definitions for power spectra are given . The focus of the work is on simple measures to evaluate the transform with the Morlet wavelet in an efficient way . The use of the transform and the defined values is shown in some examples .
0706.0100	physics.soc-ph	Evolutionary Dilemmas in a Social Network	We simulate the prisoner 's dilemma and hawk-dove games on a real social acquaintance network . Using a discrete analogue of replicator dynamics , we show that surprisingly high levels of cooperation can be achieved , contrary to what happens in unstructured mixing populations . Moreover , we empirically show that cooperation in this network is stable with respect to invasion by defectors .
0706.0102	physics.ins-det	Development of innovative micropattern gaseous detectors with resistive electrodes and first results of their applications	The paper summarizes our latest progress in the development of newly introduced micro pattern gaseous detectors with resistive electrodes . These resistive electrodes protect the detector and the front-end electronics in case of occasional discharges and thus make the detectors very robust and reliable in operation . As an example , we describe in greater detail a new recently developed GEM-like detector , fully spark-protected with electrodes made of resistive kapton . We discovered that all resistive layers used in these studies ( including kapton ) , that are coated with photosensitive layers , such as CsI , can be used as efficient photo cathodes for detectors operating in a pulse counting mode . We describe the first applications of such detectors combined with CsI or SbCs photo cathodes for the detection of UV photons at room and cryogenic temperatures .
0706.0104	physics.atom-ph	Sensitivity of double resonance alignment magnetometers	We present an experimental study of the intrinsic magnetometric sensitivity of an optical/rf-frequency double resonance magnetometer in which linearly polarized laser light is used in the optical pumping and detection processes . We show that a semi-empirical model of the magnetometer can be used to describe the magnetic resonance spectra . Then , we present an efficient method to predict the optimum operating point of the magnetometer , i.e. , the light power and rf Rabi frequency providing maximum magnetometric sensitivity . Finally , we apply the method to investigate the evolution of the optimum operating point with temperature . The method is very efficient to determine relaxation rates and thus allowed us to determine the three collisional disalignment cross sections for the components of the alignment tensor . Both first and second harmonic signals from the magnetometer are considered and compared .
0706.0106	physics.optics nlin.CD	Light emission patterns from stadium-shaped semiconductor microcavity lasers	We study light emission patterns from stadium-shaped semiconductor ( GaAs ) microcavity lasers theoretically and experimentally . Performing systematic wave calculations for passive cavity modes , we demonstrate that the averaging by low-loss modes , such as those realized in multi-mode lasing , generates an emission pattern in good agreement with the ray model 's prediction . In addition , we show that the dependence of experimental far-field emission patterns on the aspect ratio of the stadium cavity is well reproduced by the ray model .
0706.0131	physics.data-an	Luminosity determination at HERA-B	A detailed description of an original method used to measure the luminosity accumulated by the HERA-B experiment for a data sample taken during the 2002-2003 HERA running period is reported . We show that , with this method , a total luminosity measurement can be achieved with a typical precision , including overall systematic uncertainties , at a level of 5 % or better . We also report evidence for the detection of delta-rays generated in the target and comment on the possible use of such delta rays to measure luminosity .
0706.0141	physics.flu-dyn	The structure of hypersonic shock waves using Navier-Stokes equations modified to include mass diffusion	Howard Brenner has recently proposed modifications to the Navier-Stokes equations that relate to a diffusion of fluid volume that would be significant for flows with high density gradients . In a previous paper ( Greenshields & Reese , 2007 ) , we found these modifications gave good predictions of the viscous structure of shock waves in argon in the range Mach 1.0-12.0 ( while conventional Navier-Stokes equations are known to fail above about Mach 2 ) . However , some areas of concern with this model were a somewhat arbitrary choice of modelling coefficient , and potentially unphysical and unstable solutions . In this paper , we therefore present slightly different modifications to include molecule mass diffusion fully in the Navier-Stokes equations . These modifications are shown to be stable and produce physical solutions to the shock problem of a quality broadly similar to those from the family of extended hydrodynamic models that includes the Burnett equations . The modifications primarily add a diffusion term to the mass conservation equation , so are at least as simple to solve as the Navier-Stokes equations ; there are none of the numerical implementation problems of conventional extended hydrodynamics models , particularly in respect of boundary conditions . We recommend further investigation and testing on a number of different benchmark non-equilibrium flow cases .
0706.0168	physics.data-an physics.soc-ph q-fin.ST	Kullback-Leibler distance as a measure of the information filtered from multivariate data	We show that the Kullback-Leibler distance is a good measure of the statistical uncertainty of correlation matrices estimated by using a finite set of data . For correlation matrices of multivariate Gaussian variables we analytically determine the expected values of the Kullback-Leibler distance of a sample correlation matrix from a reference model and we show that the expected values are known also when the specific model is unknown . We propose to make use of the Kullback-Leibler distance to estimate the information extracted from a correlation matrix by correlation filtering procedures . We also show how to use this distance to measure the stability of filtering procedures with respect to statistical uncertainty . We explain the effectiveness of our method by comparing four filtering procedures , two of them being based on spectral analysis and the other two on hierarchical clustering . We compare these techniques as applied both to simulations of factor models and empirical data . We investigate the ability of these filtering procedures in recovering the correlation matrix of models from simulations . We discuss such an ability in terms of both the heterogeneity of model parameters and the length of data series . We also show that the two spectral techniques are typically more informative about the sample correlation matrix than techniques based on hierarchical clustering , whereas the latter are more stable with respect to statistical uncertainty .
0706.0189	physics.ao-ph	Diagnostic tools for 3D unstructured oceanographic data	Most ocean models in current use are built upon structured meshes . It follows that most existing tools for extracting diagnostic quantities ( volume and surface integrals , for example ) from ocean model output are constructed using techniques and software tools which assume structured meshes . The greater complexity inherent in unstructured meshes ( especially fully unstructured grids which are unstructured in the vertical as well as the horizontal direction ) has left some oceanographers , accustomed to traditional methods , unclear on how to calculate diagnostics on these meshes . In this paper we show that tools for extracting diagnostic data from the new generation of unstructured ocean models can be constructed with relative ease using open source software . Higher level languages such as Python , in conjunction with packages such as NumPy , SciPy , VTK and MayaVi , provide many of the high-level primitives needed to perform 3D visualisation and evaluate diagnostic quantities , e.g . density fluxes . We demonstrate this in the particular case of calculating flux of vector fields through isosurfaces , using flow data obtained from the unstructured mesh finite element ocean code ICOM , however this tool can be applied to model output from any unstructured grid ocean code .
0706.0190	physics.gen-ph	Quantum theory and gravity from a space-time wave	The quantum properties and gravitational field of a particle system are derived from a quantum theory of space-time . A field with quantized space-time vibrations has the same properties and equations for a particle field in quantum theory . The statistical nature of quantum mechanics can be explained by assuming the amplitudes of space-time waves serve as additional variables of the theory . The difficulty of associating a physical meaning with the quantum wave due to the unobservable overall phase is resolved . Instead of attempting to derive the properties of space-time from a quantum theory , as is usually the case , the quantum properties of matter can be derived from a theory of space-time . The energy of a space-time wave must correspond to the rest mass of a real particle ; the vibrations are thus quantized . It is also demonstrated that the geometrical structure derived from a quantized space-time vibration is equivalent to the gravitational field of a point mass in general relativity . The fundamental questions of why and how a point mass gives rise to its gravitational singularity and curved space-time geometry can thereby be explained .
0706.0196	physics.bio-ph	Atomic force microscopy ( AFM ) study of thick lamellar stacks of phospholipid bilayers	We report an Atomic Force Microscopy ( AFM ) study on thick multi lamellar stacks of approx . 10 mum thickness ( about 1500 stacked membranes ) of DMPC ( 1,2-dimyristoyl-sn-glycero-3-phoshatidylcholine ) deposited on silicon wafers . These thick stacks could be stabilized for measurements under excess water or solution . From force curves we determine the compressional modulus B and the rupture force F_r of the bilayers in the gel ( ripple ) , the fluid phase and in the range of critical swelling close to the main transition . AFM allows to measure the compressional modulus of stacked membrane systems and values for B compare well to values reported in the literature . We observe pronounced ripples on the top layer in the Pbeta ' ( ripple ) phase and find an increasing ripple period Lambda_r when approaching the temperature of the main phase transition into the fluid Lalpha phase at about 24 C. Metastable ripples with 2Lambda_r are observed . Lambda_r also increases with increasing osmotic pressure , i.e. , for different concentrations of polyethylene glycol ( PEG ) .
0706.0229	physics.bio-ph	Conformational gel analysis and graphics : Measurement of side chain rotational isomer populations by NMR and molecular mechanics	Conformational gel analysis and graphics systematically identifies and evaluates plausible alternatives to the side chain conformations found by conventional peptide or protein structure determination methods . The proposed analysis determines the populations of side chain rotational isomers and the probability distribution of these populations . The following steps are repeated for each side chain of a peptide or protein : first , extract the local molecular mechanics of side chain rotational isomerization from a single representative global conformation ; second , expand the predominant set of rotational isomers to include all probable rotational isomers down to those that constitute just a small percentage of the population ; and third , evaluate the constraints vicinal coupling constants and NOESY cross relaxation rates place on rotational isomer populations . In this article we apply conformational gel analysis to the cobalt glycyl-leucine dipeptide and detail the steps necessary to generalize the analysis to other amino acid side chains in other peptides and proteins . For a side chain buried within a protein interior , it is noteworthy that the set of probable rotational isomers may contain one or more rotational isomers that are not identified by conventional NMR structure determination methods . In cases such as this the conformational gel graphics fully accounts for the interplay of molecular mechanics and NMR data constraints on the population estimates . The analysis is particularly suited to identifying side chain rotational isomers that constitute a small percentage of the population , but nevertheless might be structurally and functionally very significant .
