0708.3910	physics.bio-ph	Monitoring the rotary motors of single FoF1-ATP synthase by synchronized multi channel TCSPC	Confocal time resolved single-molecule spectroscopy using pulsed laser excitation and synchronized multi channel time correlated single photon counting ( TCSPC ) provides detailed information about the conformational changes of a biological motor in real time . We studied the formation of adenosine triphosphate , ATP , from ADP and phosphate by FoF1-ATP synthase . The reaction is performed by a stepwise internal rotation of subunits of the lipid membrane-embedded enzyme . Using fluorescence resonance energy transfer , FRET , we detected rotation of this biological motor by sequential changes of intramolecular distances within a single FoF1-ATP synthase . Prolonged observation times of single enzymes were achieved by functional immobilization to the glass surface . The stepwise rotary subunit movements were identified by Hidden Markov Models ( HMM ) which were trained with single-molecule FRET trajectories . To improve the accuracy of the HMM analysis we included the single-molecule fluorescence lifetime of the FRET donor and used alternating laser excitation to co-localize the FRET acceptor independently within a photon burst . The HMM analysis yielded the orientations and dwell times of rotary subunits during stepwise rotation . In addition , the action mode of bactericidal drugs , i.e . inhibitors of FoF1-ATP synthase like aurovertin , could be investigated by the time resolved single-molecule FRET approach .
0708.3930	physics.flu-dyn	Experimental measurement of acceleration correlations and pressure structure functions in high Reynolds number turbulence	We present measurements of fluid particle accelerations in turbulent water flows between counter-rotating disks using three-dimensional Lagrangian particle tracking . By simultaneously following multiple particles with sub-Kolmogorov-time-scale temporal resolution , we measured the spatial correlation of fluid particle acceleration at Taylor microscale Reynolds numbers between 200 and 690 . We also obtained indirect , non-intrusive measurements of the Eulerian pressure structure functions by integrating the acceleration correlations . Our experimental data provide strong support to the theoretical predictions of the acceleration correlations and the pressure structure function in isotropic high Reynolds number turbulence by Obukhov and Yaglom in 1951 . The measured pressure structure functions display K41 scaling in the inertial range .
0708.3940	physics.hist-ph hep-th	The beginning of string theory : a historical sketch	In this note we follow the historical development of the ideas that led to the formulation of String Theory . We start from the inspired guess of Veneziano and its extension to the scattering of $ N $ scalar particles , then we describe how the study of its factorization properties allowed to identify the physical spectrum making the string worldsheet manifest and finally we discuss how the critical values of the intercept of the Regge trajectory and of the critical dimension were fixed to 1 and 26 .
0708.3945	physics.flu-dyn	Modification of the turbulent energy cascade by polymer additives	By tracking small particles in the bulk of an intensely turbulent flow , we show that even a very small concentration of long-chain polymers disrupts the usual turbulent energy cascade . The polymers affect scales much larger than their physical size , from the dissipation range to the inertial range . The effect depends strongly on the polymer concentration . While the dissipative-scale statistics change continuously as the polymer concentration is increased , the inertial-range energy transfer rate is only altered by the polymer additives when the concentration is above a threshold ( approximately 5 parts per million by weight for the polymer we used ) .
0708.3948	physics.gen-ph	The conjunction fallacy and interference effects	In the present article we consider the conjunction fallacy , a well known cognitive heuristic experimentally tested in cognitive science , which occurs for intuitive judgments in situations of bounded rationality . We show that the quantum formalism can be used to describe in a very simple way this fallacy in terms of interference effect . We evidence that the quantum formalism leads quite naturally to violations of Bayes ' rule when considering the estimated probability of the conjunction of two events . By defining the concept of maximal conjunction error , we find a good agreement with experimental results . Thus we suggest that in cognitive science the formalism of quantum mechanics can be used to describe a \textit { quantum regime } , the bounded-rationality regime , where the cognitive heuristics are valid .
0708.3955	physics.flu-dyn	Evolution of geometric structures in intense turbulence	We report measurements of the evolution of lines , planes , and volumes in an intensely turbulent laboratory flow using high-speed particle tracking . We find that the classical characteristic time scale of an eddy at the initial scale of the object considered is the natural time scale for the subsequent evolution . The initial separation may only be neglected if this time scale is much smaller than the largest turbulence time scale , implying extremely high turbulence levels .
0708.3959	physics.optics	Surface Plasmon Polariton Self-Focusing by Ponderomotive Forces	Nonlinear properties of Surface Plasmon Polaritons stemming from the inherent electron plasma nonlinearity of the metal layers are investigated . A fluid-mechanics plasma model is used to describe the electron motion in metals . The nonlinear ponderomotive force repels the electrons from the high field intensity region , effectively reducing the local plasma frequency and the corresponding real part of the refractive index results in Kerr like self-focusing . The field confinement to the low carrier density region also assists also in reducing the propagation losses , which usually inhibit practical nanoplasmonic circuits . Surface plasmon self focusing and nonlinear spectrum modifications , predicted by our model , are demonstrated by preliminary experiments .
0708.3963	physics.optics	Localization of light in a lamellar structure with left-handed medium : the light wheel	The contra-directional coupling between a left-handed monomode waveguide and a right-handed monomode waveguide is rigorously studied using a complex plane analysis . Light is shown to rotate in this lamellar structure forming a very exotic mode which we have called a light wheel . The light wheel can be excited using evanescent coupling or by placing sources in one of the waveguides . This structure can thus be seen as a new type of cavity . It is a way to suppress the guided mode of a dielectric slab .
0708.3972	physics.optics physics.atom-ph	Ultrashort intense-field optical vortices produced with laser-etched mirrors	We introduce a simple and practical method to create ultrashort intense optical vortices for applications involving high-intensity lasers . Our method utilizes femtosecond laser pulses to laser-etch grating lines into laser-quality gold mirrors . These grating lines holographically encode an optical vortex . We derive mathematical equations for each individual grating line to be etched , for any desired ( integer ) topological charge . We investigate the smoothness of the etched grooves . We show that they are smooth enough to produce optical vortices with an intensity that is only a few percent lower than in the ideal case . We demonstrate that the etched gratings can be used in a folded version of our 2f-2f setup [ Mariyenko et al. , Opt . Express 19 , 7599 ( 2005 ) ] to compensate angular dispersion . Lastly , we show that the etched gratings withstand intensities of up to 10^12 W/cm2 .
0708.3985	physics.chem-ph	Transient x-ray absorption spectroscopy of hydrated halogen atom	Time-resolved x-ray absorption spectroscopy monitors the transient species generated by one-photon detachment of an electron from aqueous bromide . Hydrated bromine atoms with a lifetime of ca . 17 ns were observed , nearly half of which react with excess Br- to form Br2- . The K-edge spectra of the Br atom and Br2- anion exhibit distinctive resonant transitions that are absent for the Br- precursor . The absorption spectra indicate that the solvent shell around a Br0 atom is defined primarily by hydrophobic interactions , in agreement with a Monte Carlo simulation of the solvent structure .
0708.4011	physics.bio-ph cond-mat.soft q-bio.BM	Functionalized nanopore-embedded electrodes for rapid DNA sequencing	The determination of a patient 's DNA sequence can , in principle , reveal an increased risk to fall ill with particular diseases [ 1,2 ] and help to design '' personalized medicine '' [ 3 ] . Moreover , statistical studies and comparison of genomes [ 4 ] of a large number of individuals are crucial for the analysis of mutations [ 5 ] and hereditary diseases , paving the way to preventive medicine [ 6 ] . DNA sequencing is , however , currently still a vastly time-consuming and very expensive task [ 4 ] , consisting of pre-processing steps , the actual sequencing using the Sanger method , and post-processing in the form of data analysis [ 7 ] . Here we propose a new approach that relies on functionalized nanopore-embedded electrodes to achieve an unambiguous distinction of the four nucleic acid bases in the DNA sequencing process . This represents a significant improvement over previously studied designs [ 8,9 ] which can not reliably distinguish all four bases of DNA . The transport properties of the setup investigated by us , employing state-of-the-art density functional theory together with the non-equilibrium Green 's Function method , leads to current responses that differ by at least one order of magnitude for different bases and can thus provide a much more robust read-out of the base sequence . The implementation of our proposed setup could thus lead to a viable protocol for rapid DNA sequencing with significant consequences for the future of genome related research in particular and health care in general .
0708.4021	physics.atom-ph	\emph { In situ } measurement of three-dimensional ion densities in focused femtosecond pulses	We image spatial distributions of Xe $ ^ { q+ } $ ions in the focus of a laser beam of ultrashort , intense pulses in all three dimensions , with a resolution of $ \sim $ 3 $ \mu $ m and $ \sim $ 12 $ \mu $ m in the two transverse directions . This allows for studying ionization processes without spatially averaging ion yields . Our \emph { in situ } ion imaging is also useful to analyze focal intensity profiles and to investigate the transverse modal purity of tightly focused beams of complex light . As an example , the intensity profile of a Hermite-Gaussian beam mode HG $ _ { 1,0 } $ recorded with ions is found to be in good agreement with optical images .
0708.4023	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	A limited resource model of fault-tolerant capability against cascading failure of complex network	We propose a novel capacity model for complex networks against cascading failure . In this model , vertices with both higher loads and larger degrees should be paid more extra capacities , i.e . the allocation of extra capacity on vertex $ i $ will be proportional to $ k_ { i } ^ { \gamma } $ , where $ k_ { i } $ is the degree of vertex $ i $ and $ \gamma > 0 $ is a free parameter . We have applied this model on Barab\'asi-Albert network as well as two real transportation networks , and found that under the same amount of available resource , this model can achieve better network robustness than previous models .
0708.4043	physics.optics physics.ins-det	Broadening of band-gap in photonic crystals with optically saturated media	Due to strong absorption of the incident light , the media with high refractive index are considered restrictive for applications in photonic crystals ( PhCs ) . The possibility to resolve this problem by optical saturation effectively minimizing the absorption of the PhC medium is discussed . Such approach might be promising for the significant broadening of the photonic band-gap .
0708.4044	physics.optics	Mutual Coherence of Polarized Light in Disordered Media : Two-Frequency Method Extended	The paper addresses the two-point correlations of electromagnetic waves in general random , bi-anisotropic media whose constitutive tensors are complex Hermitian , positive- or negative-definite matrices . A simplified version of the two-frequency Wigner distribution ( 2f-WD ) for polarized waves is introduced and the closed form Wigner-Moyal equation is derived from the Maxwell equations . In the weak-disorder regime with an arbitrarily varying background the two-frequency radiative transfer ( 2f-RT ) equations for the associated $ 2\times 2 $ coherence matrices are derived from the Wigner-Moyal equation by using the multiple scale expansion . In birefringent media , the coherence matrix becomes a scalar and the 2f-RT equations take the scalar form due to the absence of depolarization . A paraxial approximation is developed for spatialy anisotropic media . Examples of isotropic , chiral , uniaxial and gyrotropic media are discussed .
0708.4066	physics.plasm-ph nlin.AO	On the `` mystery '' of differential negative resistance	Investigating the causes of the nonlinear behavior of a gaseous conductor we identified the presence of two states of the complex space charge configuration self-assembled in front of the anode . These states correspond to two levels of self-organization from which the first one is related to spatial pattern whereas the second one to spatiotemporal pattern . Their emergence through two kinds of instabilities produced for two critical distances from thermodynamic equilibrium is emphasized in the current voltage characteristic as an S-shaped , respectively Z-shaped bistability . Their presence attributes to the gaseous conductor the ability to work as an S-shaped , respectively an N-shaped negative differential resistance .
