0707.0148	physics.acc-ph	Particle Refraction , Reflection and Channeling by Laser Beams	It is shown that the charged particles are refracted and reflected on the boundary of field free and laser field regions in vacuum . Simple and transparent estimates are given which show the possibility of channeling of charged and neutral particles having polarizability by strong electromagnetic field of certain laser bunches just as by the field of orientated crystalline planes and axes . These processes can be applied for production of femtosecond sliced electron bunches , for measurement their length and particle distribution as well as for production of femtosecond X-ray and terahertz pulses using transition , channeling and other types of radiation .
0707.0156	physics.gen-ph	Historical pseudo simplified solution of the Dirac-Coulomb equation	One of the simplified solutions of the Dirac equations with the pure Coulomb potential given in a paper published in 1985 is pseudo . The original paper solved the Dirac equations by introducing a transformation of functions with two strange parameters a and b to transform the original system of the first-order differential equations into two uncoupled differential equations of second order . However , not only the given eigenvalues sets violate the uniqueness of solution but also the said second-order equations are not any necessarily mathematical deduction . In order to determine the introduced parameters , formally , the author actually introduced some self-contradictory mathematical formulas , such as sinh ( theta ) =2ab , cosh ( theta ) =a^2+b^2 , tanh ( theta ) =-Z ( alpha ) /k , a^2-b^2=1 , b=sinh ( ( theta/2 ) , a=cosh ( ( theta/2 ) . But one has not known the value of the parameters a and b all the while , whereas the parameters were insensibly deleted in the given second-order Dirac-Coulomb equation last . One can not recover any result given in the paper by making corresponding correctly mathematical calculations .
0707.0206	physics.optics	Three-port beam splitters-combiners for interferometer applications	We derive generic phase and amplitude coupling relations for beam splitters-combiners that couple a single port with three output ports or input ports , respectively . We apply the coupling relations to a reflection grating that serves as a coupler to a single-ended Fabry-Perot ring cavity . In the impedance-matched case such an interferometer can act as an all-reflective ring mode cleaner . It is further shown that in the highly undercoupled case almost complete separation of carrier power and phase signal from a cavity strain can be achieved .
0707.0214	physics.geo-ph	Quantitative structural and textural assessment of laminar pyrocarbons through Raman spectroscopy , electron diffraction and few other techniques	In pyrocarbon materials , the width of the Raman D band ( FWHMD ) is very sensitive to low energy structural defects ( e.g. , disorientations of the graphene layers ) . The correlation between the two parameters , FWHMD and OA ( as derived from selected area electron diffraction : SAED ) , has allowed to differentiate various pyrocarbons unambiguously . Furthermore , the optical properties of pyrocarbons , i.e. , the extinction angle , the optical phase shift and the ordinary and extraordinary reflectance , have been accurately determined at 550 nm by means of the extinction curves method . These results are completed by in-plane and out-of-plane dielectric constant measurements by angular resolved EELS . Moreover , the hybridization degree of the carbon atoms has been assessed by the same technique . About 80 % of the carbon atoms of the pyrocarbons have a sp2 hybridization . The lack of pure sp2 carbon atoms , as compared to graphite , might be explained by the presence of sp3-like line defects .
0707.0231	physics.optics physics.ins-det	Analysis of a four-mirror cavity enhanced Michelson interferometer	We investigate the shot noise limited sensitivity of a four-mirror cavity enhanced Michelson interferometer . The intention of this interferometer topology is the reduction of thermal lensing and the impact of the interferometers contrast although transmissive optics are used with high circulating powers . The analytical expressions describing the light fields and the frequency response are derived . Although the parameter space has 11 dimensions , a detailed analysis of the resonance feature gives boundary conditions allowing systematic parameter studies .
0707.0252	physics.gen-ph	A generic rule that simplifies the derivation of the transformation equations accounting for the properties of the photon	We show that the transformation equation for the tardyon velocity involves two generic functions which in turn depend on the relative velocity of the involved reference frames , on the tardyon velocity u and on the polar angle which define the direction along which the tardyon moves . The same functions are further involved in the transformation equations for the space-time coordinates of the same event generated by a moving tardyon and for its relativistic mass , momentum and energy . Taking the limits of these functions for u approaching c we obtain exactly the transformation equations for the space-time coordinates of the same event generated by a photon and for its momentum and energy . The same procedure works also for the transition from a plane acoustic wave to an electromagnetic wave .
0707.0302	physics.acc-ph	Muon Acceleration to 750 GeV in the Tevatron Tunnel for a 1.5 TeV mu+ mu- Collider	Muon acceleration from 30 to 750 GeV in 72 orbits using two rings in the 1000m radius Tevatron tunnel is explored . The first ring ramps at 400 Hz and accelerates muons from 30 to 400 GeV in 28 orbits using 14 GV of 1.3 GHz superconducting RF . The ring duplicates the Fermilab 400 GeV main ring FODO lattice , which had a 61m cell length . Muon survival is 80 % . The second ring accelerates muons from 400 to 750 GeV in 44 orbits using 8 GV of 1.3 GHz superconducting RF . The 30 T/m main ring quadrupoles are lengthened 87 % to 3.3m . The four main ring dipoles in each half cell are replaced by three dipoles which ramp at 550 Hz from -1.8T to +1.8T interleaved with two 8T fixed superconducting dipoles . The ramping and superconducting dipoles oppose each other at 400 GeV and act in unison at 750 GeV . Muon survival is 92 % . Two mm copper wire , 0.28mm grain oriented silicon steel laminations , and a low duty cycle mitigate eddy current losses . Low emittance muon bunches allow small aperatures and permit magnets to ramp with a few thousand volts . Little civil construction is required . The tunnel exists .
0707.0321	physics.flu-dyn physics.class-ph	Spreading of a density front in the K\ '' untz-Lavall\'ee model of porous media	We analyze spreading of a density front in the K\ '' untz-Lavall\'ee model of porous media . In contrast to previous studies , where unusual properties of the front were attributed to anomalous diffusion , we find that the front evolution is controlled by normal diffusion and hydrodynamic flow , the latter being responsible for apparent enhancement of the front propagation speed . Our finding suggests that results of several recent experiments on porous media , where anomalous diffusion was reported based on the density front propagation analysis , should be reconsidered to verify the role of a fluid flow .
