0801.0109	physics.soc-ph	Meaning and Form in a Language Computer Simulation	Thousands of different forms ( words ) are associated with thousands of different meanings ( concepts ) in a language computer model . Reasonable agreement with reality is found for the number of languages in a family and the Hamming distances between languages .
0801.0121	physics.soc-ph	Applications of Physics and Mathematics to Social Science	This article introduces into the whole section on Social Sciences , edited by A. Nowak for this Encyclopedia , concentrating on the applications of mathematics and physics . Here under `` mathematics '' we include also all computer simulations if they are not taken from physics , while physics applications include simulations of models which basically existed already in physics before they were applied to social simulations . Thus obviously there is no sharp border between applications from physics and from mathematics in the sense of our definition . Also social science is not defined precisely . We will include some economics as well as some linguistics , but not social insects or fish swarms , nor human epidemics or demography . Also , we mention not only this section by also the section on agent-based modelling edited by F. Castiglione as containing articles of social interest .
0801.0138	physics.atom-ph	Differential cross sections for muonic atom scattering in solid hydrogenic targets	The differential cross sections for low-energy muonic hydrogen atom scattering in solid molecular H $ _2 $ , D $ _2 $ and T $ _2 $ targets under low pressure have been calculated for various temperatures . The polycrystalline fcc and hcp structure of the solid hydrogenic targets are considered . The Bragg and phonon scattering processes are described using the Debye model of a solid . The calculated cross sections are used for Monte Carlo simulations of the muonic atom slowing down in these targets . They have been successfully applied for a description of the production of the muonic atom beams in the multilayer hydrogenic crystals .
0801.0168	physics.data-an physics.bio-ph	Elastic Maps and Nets for Approximating Principal Manifolds and Their Application to Microarray Data Visualization	Principal manifolds are defined as lines or surfaces passing through `` the middle '' of data distribution . Linear principal manifolds ( Principal Components Analysis ) are routinely used for dimension reduction , noise filtering and data visualization . Recently , methods for constructing non-linear principal manifolds were proposed , including our elastic maps approach which is based on a physical analogy with elastic membranes . We have developed a general geometric framework for constructing `` principal objects '' of various dimensions and topologies with the simplest quadratic form of the smoothness penalty which allows very effective parallel implementations . Our approach is implemented in three programming languages ( C++ , Java and Delphi ) with two graphical user interfaces ( VidaExpert http : //bioinfo.curie.fr/projects/vidaexpert and ViMiDa http : //bioinfo-out.curie.fr/projects/vimida applications ) . In this paper we overview the method of elastic maps and present in detail one of its major applications : the visualization of microarray data in bioinformatics . We show that the method of elastic maps outperforms linear PCA in terms of data approximation , representation of between-point distance structure , preservation of local point neighborhood and representing point classes in low-dimensional spaces .
0801.0176	physics.data-an physics.bio-ph	PCA Beyond The Concept of Manifolds : Principal Trees , Metro Maps , and Elastic Cubic Complexes	Multidimensional data distributions can have complex topologies and variable local dimensions . To approximate complex data , we propose a new type of low-dimensional `` principal object '' : a principal cubic complex . This complex is a generalization of linear and non-linear principal manifolds and includes them as a particular case . To construct such an object , we combine a method of topological grammars with the minimization of an elastic energy defined for its embedment into multidimensional data space . The whole complex is presented as a system of nodes and springs and as a product of one-dimensional continua ( represented by graphs ) , and the grammars describe how these continua transform during the process of optimal complex construction . The simplest case of a topological grammar ( `` add a node '' , `` bisect an edge '' ) is equivalent to the construction of `` principal trees '' , an object useful in many practical applications . We demonstrate how it can be applied to the analysis of bacterial genomes and for visualization of cDNA microarray data using the `` metro map '' representation . The preprint is supplemented by animation : `` How the topological grammar constructs branching principal components ( AnimatedBranchingPCA.gif ) '' .
