0710.0108	physics.soc-ph	Symmetry based Structure Entropy of Complex Networks	Precisely quantifying the heterogeneity or disorder of a network system is very important and desired in studies of behavior and function of the network system . Although many degree-based entropies have been proposed to measure the heterogeneity of real networks , heterogeneity implicated in the structure of networks can not be precisely quantified yet . Hence , we propose a new structure entropy based on automorphism partition to precisely quantify the structural heterogeneity of networks . Analysis of extreme cases shows that entropy based on automorphism partition can quantify the structural heterogeneity of networks more precisely than degree-based entropy . We also summarized symmetry and heterogeneity statistics of many real networks , finding that real networks are indeed more heterogenous in the view of automorphism partition than what have been depicted under the measurement of degree based entropies ; and that structural heterogeneity is strongly negatively correlated to symmetry of real networks .
0710.0117	physics.soc-ph	The clustering coefficient and community structure of bipartite networks	Many real-world networks display a natural bipartite structure . It is necessary and important to study the bipartite networks by using the bipartite structure of the data . Here we propose a modification of the clustering coefficient given by the fraction of cycles with size four in bipartite networks . Then we compare the two definitions in a special graph , and the results show that the modification one is better to character the network . Next we define a edge-clustering coefficient of bipartite networks to detect the community structure in original bipartite networks .
0710.0136	physics.optics	A Simple Model for Cavity Enhanced Slow Lights in Vertical Cavity Surface Emission Lasers	We develop a simple model for the slow lights in Vertical Cavity Surface Emission Lasers ( VCSELs ) , with the combination of cavity and population pulsation effects . The dependences of probe signal power , injection bias current and wavelength detuning for the group delays are demonstrated numerically and experimentally . Up to 65 ps group delays and up to 10 GHz modulation frequency can be achieved in the room temperature at the wavelength of 1.3 $ \mu $ m . The most significant feature of our VCSEL device is that the length of active region is only several $ \mu $ m long . Based on the experimental parameters of quantum dot VCSEL structures , we show that the resonance effect of laser cavity plays a significant role to enhance the group delays .
0710.0149	physics.atom-ph	Multi-Channel Selective Femtosecond Coherent Control Based on Symmetry Properties	We present and implement a new scheme for extended multi-channel selective femtosecond coherent control based on symmetry properties of the excitation channels . Here , an atomic non-resonant two-photon absorption channel is coherently incorporated in a resonance-mediated ( 2+1 ) three-photon absorption channel . By proper pulse shaping , utilizing the invariance of the two-photon absorption to specific phase transformations of the pulse , the three-photon absorption is tuned independently over order-of-magnitude yield range for any possible two-photon absorption yield . Noticeable is a set of two-photon dark pulses inducing widely-tunable three-photon absorption .
0710.0172	physics.ins-det	The STAR Tracking Upgrade	The STAR experiment at the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider RHIC studies the new state of matter produced in relativistic heavy ion collisions and the spin structure of the nucleon in collisions of polarized protons . In order to improve the capabilities for heavy flavor measurements and the reconstruction of charged vector bosons an upgrade of the tracking system both in the central and the forward region is pursued . The challenging environments of high track multiplicity in heavy ion collisions and of high luminosity in polarized proton collisions require the use of new technologies . The proposed inner tracking system , optimized for heavy flavor identification , is using active pixel sensors close to the collision point and silicon strip technology further outward . Charge sign determination for electrons and positrons from the decay of W bosons will be provide by 6 large-area triple GEM disks currently under development . A prototype of the active pixel detectors has been tested in the STAR experiment , and an extensive beam test of triple GEM detectors using GEM foils produced by Tech-Etch of Plymouth , MA has been done at Fermilab .
0710.0191	physics.space-ph gr-qc physics.gen-ph	Physics Engineering in the Study of the Pioneer Anomaly	The Pioneer 10/11 spacecraft yielded the most precise navigation in deep space to date . However , their radio-metric tracking data received from the distances between 20 -- 70 astronomical units from the Sun has consistently indicated the presence of a small , anomalous , Doppler frequency drift . The drift is a blue frequency shift that can be interpreted as a sunward acceleration of a_P = ( 8.74 +/- 1.33 ) x 10^ { -10 } m/s^2 for each particular spacecraft . This signal has become known as the Pioneer anomaly ; the nature of this anomaly remains unexplained . Recently new Pioneer 10 and 11 radio-metric Doppler and flight telemetry data became available . The newly available Doppler data set is significantly enlarged when compared to the data used in previous investigations and is expected to be the primary source for the investigation of the anomaly . In addition , the flight telemetry files , original project documentation , and newly developed software tools are now used to reconstruct the engineering history of both spacecraft . With the help of this information , a thermal model of the Pioneer vehicles is being developed to study possible contribution of thermal recoil force acting on the two spacecraft . The ultimate goal of these physics engineering efforts is to evaluate the effect of on-board systems on the spacecrafts ' trajectories .
0710.0195	physics.gen-ph physics.ao-ph physics.soc-ph	Protection of New York City Urban Fabric With Low-Cost Textile Storm Surge Barriers	Textile storm surge barriers , sited at multiple locations , are literally extensions of the city world famous urban fabric - another manifestation of the dominance of the City over local Nature . Textile Storm Surge Barriers ( TSSB ) are intended to preserve the City from North Atlantic Ocean hurricanes that cause sea waves impacting the densely populated and high-value real estate , instigating catastrophic , and possibly long-term , infrastructure and monetary losses . Complicating TSSB installation macroproject planning is the presence of the Hudson and other rivers , several small tidal straits , future climate change and other factors . We conclude that TSSB installations made of homogeneous construction materials are worthwhile investigating because they may be less expensive to build , and more easily replaced following any failure , than concrete and steel storm surge barriers , which are also made of homogeneous materials . We suppose the best macroproject outcome will develop in the perfect Macro-engineering planning way and at the optimum time-of-need during the very early 21st Century by , among other groups , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . TSSB technology is a practical advance over wartime harbor anti-submarine/anti-torpedo steel nets and rocky Churchill Barriers .
0710.0197	physics.gen-ph physics.class-ph	The Watch Paradox : Solution of the Problem	The article presents the detailed analysis of the watch paradox . It is shown that it arose because of unjustified , as it turned out , identification of watch readings at the moment of its return with the time read by it .
