0707.1126	physics.optics	On some constraints that limit the design of an invisibility cloak	Using the idea of transformation medium , a cloak can be designed to make a domain invisible for one target frequency . In this article , we examine the possibility to extend the bandwidth of such a cloak . We obtained a constraint of the band width , which is summarized as a simple inequality that states that limits the bandwidth of operation . The constraint originates from causality requirements . We suggest a simple strategy that can get around the constraint .
0707.1129	physics.gen-ph	The Quantum-Like Brain Operating on Subcognitive and Cognitive Time Scales	We propose a { \it quantum-like } ( QL ) model of the functioning of the brain . It should be sharply distinguished from the reductionist { \it quantum } model . By the latter cognition is created by { \it physical quantum processes } in the brain . The crucial point of our modelling is that discovery of the mathematical formalism of quantum mechanics ( QM ) was in fact discovery of a very general formalism describing { \it consistent processing of incomplete information } about contexts ( physical , mental , economic , social ) . The brain is an advanced device which developed the ability to create a QL representation of contexts . Therefore its functioning can also be described by the mathematical formalism of QM . The possibility of such a description has nothing to do with composing of the brain of quantum systems ( photons , electrons , protons , ... ) . Moreover , we shall propose a model in that the QL representation is based on conventional neurophysiological model of the functioning of the brain . The brain uses the QL rule ( given by von Neumann trace formula ) for calculation of { \it approximative averages } for mental functions , but the physical basis of mental functions is given by neural networks in the brain . The QL representation has a { \it temporal basis . } Any cognitive process is based on ( at least ) two time scales : subcognitive time scale ( which is very fine ) and cognitive time scale ( which is essentially coarser ) .
0707.1146	physics.atom-ph	Alpha variation problem and q-factor definition	Different q-factor definitions are considered . The formula connecting different q-factors is given . Also it is pointed the way to find all the q-factors from experimental data .
0707.1152	physics.gen-ph	Quantum and Classical Variance in the Quantum Realm	This paper examines the variance of quantum and classical predictions in the quantum realm , as well as unexpected presence and absence of variances . Some features are found that share an indirect commonality with the Aharonov-Bohm and Aharonov-Casher effects in that there is a quantum action in the absence of a force . Variances are also found in the presence of a force that are more subtle as they are of higher order . Significant variances related to the harmonic oscillator and particle in a box periods are found . This paper raises the question whether apparent quantum self-inconsistency may be examined internally , or must be empirically ascertained . These inherent variances may either point to inconsistencies in quantum mechanics that should be fixed , or that nature is manifestly more non-classical than expected . For the harmonic oscillator it is proven that the second spatial moment is the same in QM and CM .
0707.1154	physics.atom-ph	Reply to Comment on Approximation for a Coulomb- Volkov solution in strong fields	It is shown that the criticism of Voitkiv [ Phys . Rev . A 74 , 027403 ( 2006 ) ] is based on one assumption , which is false for an ionized electron , initially bound by the Coulomb potential , in a strong circularly polarized laser field . A certain new Coulomb correction to the Volkov wavefunction is proposed .
0707.1161	physics.ao-ph	Falsification Of The Atmospheric CO2 Greenhouse Effects Within The Frame Of Physics	The atmospheric greenhouse effect , an idea that many authors trace back to the traditional works of Fourier ( 1824 ) , Tyndall ( 1861 ) , and Arrhenius ( 1896 ) , and which is still supported in global climatology , essentially describes a fictitious mechanism , in which a planetary atmosphere acts as a heat pump driven by an environment that is radiatively interacting with but radiatively equilibrated to the atmospheric system . According to the second law of thermodynamics such a planetary machine can never exist . Nevertheless , in almost all texts of global climatology and in a widespread secondary literature it is taken for granted that such mechanism is real and stands on a firm scientific foundation . In this paper the popular conjecture is analyzed and the underlying physical principles are clarified . By showing that ( a ) there are no common physical laws between the warming phenomenon in glass houses and the fictitious atmospheric greenhouse effects , ( b ) there are no calculations to determine an average surface temperature of a planet , ( c ) the frequently mentioned difference of 33 degrees Celsius is a meaningless number calculated wrongly , ( d ) the formulas of cavity radiation are used inappropriately , ( e ) the assumption of a radiative balance is unphysical , ( f ) thermal conductivity and friction must not be set to zero , the atmospheric greenhouse conjecture is falsified .
0707.1163	physics.gen-ph	Mathematics and `` The Trouble with Physics '' , How Deep We Have to Go ?	The parts contributed by the author in recent discussions with several physicists and mathematicians are reviewed , as they have been occasioned by the 2006 book `` The Trouble with Physics '' , of Lee Smolin . Some of the issues addressed are the possible and not yet sufficiently explored relationship between modern Mathematics and theoretical Physics , as well as the way physicists may benefit from becoming more aware of what at present appear to be certain less than fortunate yet essential differences between modern Mathematics and theoretical Physics , as far as the significant freedom of introducing new fundamental concepts , structures and theories in the former is concerned . A number of modern mathematical concepts and structures are suggested for consideration by physicists , when dealing with foundational issues in present day theoretical Physics . Since here discussions with several persons are reviewed , certain issues may be brought up more than one time . For such repetitions the author ask for the kind understanding of the reader .
0707.1167	physics.soc-ph physics.ed-ph physics.gen-ph physics.pop-ph	Hollywood Blockbusters : Unlimited Fun but Limited Science Literacy	In this article , we examine specific scenes from popular action and sci-fi movies and show how they blatantly break the laws of physics , all in the name of entertainment , but coincidentally contributing to science illiteracy .
0707.1169	physics.soc-ph physics.comp-ph	A new approach for modelling mixed traffic flow with motorized vehicles and non-motorized vehicles based on cellular automaton model	In this study , we provide a novel approach for modelling the mixed traffic flow . The basic idea is to integrate models for nonmotorized vehicles ( nm-vehicles ) with models for motorized vehicles ( m-vehicles ) . Based on the idea , a model for mix traffic flow is realized in in the following two steps . At a first step , the models that can be integrated should be chosen . The famous NaSch cellular automata ( NCA ) model for m-vehicles and the Burgur cellular automata ( BCA ) model for nm-vehicles are used in this paper , since the two models are similar and comparable . At a second step , we should study coupling rules between m-vehicles and nm-vehicles to represent their interaction . Special lane changing rules are designed for the coupling process . The proposed model is named as the combined cellular automata ( CCA ) model . The model is applied to a typical mixed traffic scenario , where a bus stop without special stop bay is set on nonmotorized lanes . The simulation results show that the model can describe both the interaction between the flow of nm-vehicles and m-vehicles and their characters .
0707.1172	physics.gen-ph	Optical-Fiber Gravitational Wave Detector : Dynamical 3-Space Turbulence Detected	Preliminary results from an optical-fiber gravitational wave interferometric detector are reported . The detector is very small , cheap and simple to build and operate . It is assembled from readily available opto-electronic components . A parts list is given . The detector can operate in two modes : one in which only instrument noise is detected , and data from a 24 hour period is reported for this mode , and in a 2nd mode in which the gravitational waves are detected as well , and data from a 24 hour period is analysed . Comparison shows that the instrument has a high S/N ratio . The frequency spectrum of the gravitational waves shows a pink noise spectrum , from 0 to 0.1Hz .
