0705.0420	physics.class-ph hep-th	Electromagnetic field and radiation for a charge moving along a helical trajectory inside a waveguide with dielectric filling	We investigate the electromagnetic field generated by a point charge moving along a helical trajectory inside a circular waveguide with conducting walls filled by homogeneous dielectric . The parts corresponding to the radiation field are separated and the formulae for the radiation intensity are derived for both TE and TM waves . It is shown that the main part of the radiated quanta is emitted in the form of the TE waves . Various limiting cases are considered . The results of the numerical calculations show that the insertion of the waveguide provides an additional mechanism for tuning the characteristics of the emitted radiation by choosing the parameters of the waveguide and filling medium .
0705.0428	physics.comp-ph	An OFDM-CDMA scheme for high data rate UWB applications	In this paper , we investigate a new waveform for UWB systems obtained by the combination of Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplex ( OFDM ) and Code Division Multiple Access ( CDMA ) . The proposed system , called Spread Spectrum - Multi-Carrier - Multiple Access ( SS-MC-MA ) turns out to be a judicious solution to combat frequency selectivity and narrowband interferers , and to manage the coexistence of several users and piconets . It is shown that the addition of a degree of freedom brought by the spreading component of SS-MC-MA allows to optimize jointly the assignment of the number of used codes and coding rates in order to make the system more robust . Through simulations , it is demonstrated that the new system can outperform Multi-Band OFDM Alliance ( MBOA ) for low data rates and is able to provide wider range of rates .
0705.0430	physics.comp-ph	Combination of OFDM and CDMA for high data rate UWB	For Wireless Personal Area Network ( WPAN ) systems , resource allocation between several users within a piconet and the coexistence of several piconets are very important points to take into consideration for the optimization of high data rate Ultra Wide Band ( UWB ) systems . To improve the performance of the Multi-Band OFDM ( Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplex ) solution proposed by the Multi-Band OFDM Alliance ( MBOA ) , the addition of a spreading component in the frequency domain is a good solution since it makes resource allocation easier and also offers better robustness against channel frequency selectivity and narrowband interference . The Spread Spectrum - Multi-Carrier - Multiple Access ( SS-MC-MA ) system proposed in this article offers not only the advantages of Multi-Carrier - Coded Division Multiple Access ( MC-CDMA ) brought by frequency spreading , but also a more effective dynamic resource allocation in a multi-user and multi-piconet context . These improvements are obtained without increasing the complexity of the radio-frequency part compared to the classical MBOA solution .
0705.0436	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Mixing navigation on networks	In this Letter , we proposed a mixing navigation mechanism , which interpolates between random-walk and shortest-path protocol . The navigation efficiency can be remarkably enhanced via a few routers . Some advanced strategies are also designed : For non-geographical scale-free networks , the targeted strategy with a tiny fraction of routers can guarantee an efficient navigation with low and stable delivery time almost independent of network size . For geographical localized networks , the clustering strategy can simultaneously increase the efficiency and reduce the communication cost . The present mixing navigation mechanism is of significance especially for information organization of wireless sensor networks and distributed autonomous robotic systems .
0705.0478	physics.gen-ph	The Dark Matter Puzzle And Other Issues	We consider the problem of the flattening of the velocity curves in galactic discs and the consequent postulation of dark matter from three different but converging perspectives -- a change in the large scale dimensionality of space , a variation of $ G $ and the MOND approach . We also discuss the paradigm of the universe itself being a Black Hole .
0705.0480	physics.flu-dyn cond-mat.stat-mech physics.ao-ph	Large Scale Intermittency in the Atmospheric Boundary Layer	We find actual evidence , relying upon vorticity time series taken in a high Reynolds number atmospheric experiment , that to a very good approximation the surface boundary layer flow may be described , in a statistical sense and under certain regimes , as an advected ensemble of homogeneous turbulent systems , characterized by a lognormal distribution of fluctuating intensities . Our analysis suggests that usual direct numerical simulations of homogeneous and isotropic turbulence , performed at moderate Reynolds numbers , may play an important role in the study of turbulent boundary layer flows , if supplemented with appropriate statistical information concerned with the structure of large scale fluctuations .
0705.0495	physics.plasm-ph	Radio-frequency discharges in Oxygen . Part 1 : Modeling	In this series of three papers we present results from a combined experimental and theoretical effort to quantitatively describe capacitively coupled radio-frequency discharges in oxygen . The particle-in-cell Monte-Carlo model on which the theoretical description is based will be described in the present paper . It treats space charge fields and transport processes on an equal footing with the most important plasma-chemical reactions . For given external voltage and pressure , the model determines the electric potential within the discharge and the distribution functions for electrons , negatively charged atomic oxygen , and positively charged molecular oxygen . Previously used scattering and reaction cross section data are critically assessed and in some cases modified . To validate our model , we compare the densities in the bulk of the discharge with experimental data and find good agreement , indicating that essential aspects of an oxygen discharge are captured .
0705.0497	physics.plasm-ph	Particle-based modeling of oxygen discharges	We present an one-dimensional particle-in-cell Monte-Carlo model for capacitively coupled radio-frequency discharges in oxygen . The model quantitatively describes the central part of the discharge . For a given voltage and pressure , it self-consistently determines the electric potential and the distribution functions for electrons , negatively charged atomic oxygen , and positively charged molecular oxygen . Previously used collision cross sections are critically assessed and in some cases modified . Provided associative detachment due to metastable oxygen molecules is included in the model , the electro-negativities in the center of the discharge are in excellent agreement with experiments . Due to lack of empirical data for the cross section of this process , we propose a simple model and discuss its limitations .
0705.0499	physics.optics	Transmission measurement at 10.6 microns of Te2As3Se5 rib-waveguides on As2S3 substrate	The feasibility of chalcogenide rib waveguides working at lambda = 10.6 microns has been demonstrated . The waveguides comprised a several microns thick Te2As3Se5 film deposited by thermal evaporation on a polished As2S3 glass substrate and further etched by physical etching in Ar or CF4/O2 atmosphere . Output images at 10.6 microns and some propagation losses roughly estimated at 10dB/cm proved that the obtained structures behaved as channel waveguides with a good lateral confinement of the light . The work opens the doors to the realisation of components able to work in the mid and thermal infrared up to 20 microns and even more .
0705.0511	physics.ins-det physics.gen-ph	Vibration-Induced Conductivity Fluctuation Measurement for Soil Bulk Density Analysis	Soil bulk density affects water storage , water and nutrient movement , and plant root activity in the soil profile . Its measurement is difficult in field conditions . Vibration-induced conductivity fluctuation was investigated to quantify soil bulk density with possible field applications in the future . The AC electrical conductivity of soil was measured using a pair of blade-like electrodes while exposing the soil to periodic vibration . The blades were positioned longitudinally and transversally to the direction of the induced vibration to enable the calculation of a normalized index . The normalized index was expected to provide data independent from the vibration strength and to reduce the effect of soil salinity and water content . The experiment was conducted on natural and salinized fine sand at two moisture conditions and four bulk densities . The blade-shaped electrodes improved electrode-soil contact compared to cylindrical electrodes , and thereby , reduced measurement noise . Simulations on a simplified resistor lattice indicate that the transversal effect increases as soil bulk density decreases . Measurement of dry sand showed a negative correlation between the normalized conductivity fluctuation and soil bulk density for both longitudinal and transversal settings . The decrease in the transversal signal was smaller than expected . The wet natural and salinized soils performed very similarly as hypothesized , but their normalized VICOF response was not significant to bulk density changes .
0705.0551	physics.data-an physics.gen-ph	Tail universalities in rank distributions as an algebraic problem : the beta-like function	Although power laws of the Zipf type have been used by many workers to fit rank distributions in different fields like in economy , geophysics , genetics , soft-matter , networks etc. , these fits usually fail at the tails . Some distributions have been proposed to solve the problem , but unfortunately they do not fit at the same time both ending tails . We show that many different data in rank laws , like in granular materials , codons , author impact in scientific journal , etc . are very well fitted by a beta-like function . Then we propose that such universality is due to the fact that a system made from many subsystems or choices , imply stretched exponential frequency-rank functions which qualitatively and quantitatively can be fitted with the proposed beta-like function distribution in the limit of many random variables . We prove this by transforming the problem into an algebraic one : finding the rank of successive products of a given set of numbers .
