0707.1374	physics.gen-ph	The quantummechanical wave equations from a relativistic viewpoint	A derivation is presented of the quantummechanical wave equations based upon the Equity Principle of Einstein 's General Relativity Theory . This is believed to be more generic than the common derivations based upon Einstein 's energy relationship for moving particles . It is shown that Schrodinger 's Equation , if properly formulated , is relativisticly covariant . This makes the critisized Klein-Gordon Equation for spinless massparticles obsolete . Therefore Dirac's Equation is presented from a different viewpoint and it is shown that the relativistic covariance of Schrodinger 's Equation gives a natural explanation for the dual energy outcome of Dirac 's derivation and for the nature of antiparticles . The propagation of wave functions in an energy field is studied in terms of propagation along geodesic lines in curved space-time , resulting in an equivalent formulation as with Feynman 's path integral . It is shown that Maxwell 's wave equation fits in the developed framework as the massless limit of moving particles . Finally the physical appearance of electrons is discussed including a quantitative calculation of the jitter phenomenon of a free moving electron .
0707.1377	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	On the Potential of Large Ring Lasers	We describe a new ring laser with area A = 833 m^2 and update performance statistics for several such machines . Anandan & Chaio 1982 judged ring lasers inferior to matter interferometers as possible detectors of gravitational waves . However , we note that geophysically interesting results have been obtained from large ring lasers and that there is still a lot of room for improvements .
0707.1379	physics.flu-dyn	Streamwise evolution of the entrainment in a steady two-dimensional bluff-body wake	This paper has been withdrawn by the authors , as it has been rejected in October 2007 .
0707.1398	physics.flu-dyn	Experimental studies of liquid-liquid dispersion in a turbulent shear flow	We study liquid-liquid dispersions in a turbulent Taylor - Couette flow , produced between two counterrotating coaxial cylinders . In pure Water and in counterrotation , Reynolds numbers up to 1.4 10^5 are reached . We first characterize the single-phase flow , in terms of threshold for transition to turbulence , scaling of the torque and measurements of the mean flow and of the Reynolds stress by stereoscopic PIV . We then study the increase of the dissipation in the two-phase flows and find that the torque per unit mass can be twice the torque for a single-phase flow . Long-time behaviours are also reported .
0707.1402	physics.plasm-ph physics.flu-dyn	Construction and test of a moving boundary model for negative streamer discharges	Starting from the minimal model for the electrically interacting particle densities in negative streamer discharges , we derive a moving boundary approximation for the ionization fronts . The boundary condition on the moving front is found to be of 'kinetic undercooling ' type . The boundary approximation , whose first results have been published in [ Meulenbroek et al. , PRL 95 , 195004 ( 2005 ) ] , is then tested against 2-dimensional simulations of the density model . The results suggest that our moving boundary approximation adequately represents the essential dynamics of negative streamer fronts .
0707.1409	physics.plasm-ph	Poisson-Vlasov : Stochastic representation and numerical codes	A stochastic representation for the solutions of the Poisson-Vlasov equation , with several charged species , is obtained . The representation involves both an exponential and a branching process and it provides an intuitive characterization of the nature of the solutions and its fluctuations . Here , the stochastic representation is also proposed as a tool for the numerical evaluation of the solutions
0707.1414	physics.flu-dyn	Experimental studies of turbulent Taylor-Couette flows : single phase and liquid-liquid dispersions	We study liquid-liquid dispersions in a turbulent Taylor-Couette flow , produced between two counterrotating coaxial cylinders . In pure Water and in counterrotation , Reynolds numbers up to 1.4 10^5 are reached . The liquids we use are a low-viscous Oil and pure Water or a Sodium Iodide solution with a refractive index matched to that of Oil , in order to get transparent dispersions . We first characterize the single-phase flow , in terms of threshold for transition to turbulence , scaling of the torque and measurements of the mean flow and of the Reynolds stress by stereoscopic PIV . We then study the increase of the dissipation in the two-phase flows and find that the torque per unit mass can be twice the torque for a single-phase flow . Long-time behaviours are also reported .
0707.1437	physics.bio-ph physics.data-an	Detrended Fluctuation Analysis of Autoregressive Processes	Autoregressive processes ( AR ) have typical short-range memory . Detrended Fluctuation Analysis ( DFA ) was basically designed to reveal long range correlation in non stationary processes . However DFA can also be regarded as a suitable method to investigate both long-range and short range correlation in non-stationary and stationary systems . Applying DFA to AR processes can help understanding the non uniform correlation structure of such processes . We systematically investigated a first order autoregressive model AR ( 1 ) by DFA and established the relationship between the interaction constant of AR ( 1 ) and the DFA correlation exponent . The higher the interaction constant the higher is the short range correlation exponent . They are exponentially related . The investigation was extended to AR ( 2 ) processes . The presence of a distant positive interaction in addition to a near by interaction will increase the correlation exponent and the range of correlation while the effect of a distant negative interaction will decrease significantly only the range of interaction . This analysis demonstrate the possibility to identify and AR ( 1 ) model in an unknown DFA plot or to distinguish among AR ( 1 ) and AR ( 2 ) models . The analysis was performed on medium long series of 1000 terms .
0707.1477	physics.geo-ph	Integration of iron in natural and synthetic Al-pyrophyllites : an infrared spectroscopic study	Numerous studies focus on the relationships between chemical composition and OHband positions in the infrared ( IR ) spectra of micaceous minerals . These studies are based on the coexistence , in dioctahedral micas or smectites , of several cationic pairs around the hydroxyl group which each produce a characteristic band in the IR spectrum . The aim of this work is to obtain the wavenumber values of the IR OH vibration bands of the ( Al-Fe3+ ) -OH and ( Fe3+-Fe3+ ) -OH local cationic environments of 'pyrophyllite type ' in order to prove , disprove or modify a model of dioctahedral phyllosilicate OH-stretching band decomposition . Natural samples are characterized by powder X-ray diffraction ( XRD ) , Fourier transform infrared ( FTIR ) and Raman spectroscopies and electron microprobe ; the hydrothermal synthesis products are also analysed by powder XRD and FTIR after inductively coupled plasma measurements to obtain the chemical compositions of nascent gel phases . Natural samples contain some impurities which were eliminated after acid treatment ; nevertheless , a small Fe content is found in the pyrophyllite structure . The amount of Fe which is incorporated within the pyrophyllite structure is much more important for the synthetic samples than for the natural ones . The IR OH bands were clearly observed in both natural and synthetic pyrophyllites and assigned to hydroxides bonded to ( Al-Al ) , ( Al-Fe ) and ( Fe-Fe ) cationic pairs . During this study , three samples were analysed by DTG to check the cis- or trans-vacant character of the layers and to determine the influence of this structural character on the OH-stretching band position in IR spectroscopy .
0707.1540	physics.optics	Two-Frequency Radiative Transfer . II : Maxwell Equations in Random Dielectrics	The paper addresses the space-frequency correlations of electromagnetic waves in general random , bi-anisotropic media whose constitutive tensors are complex Hermitian matrices . The two-frequency Wigner distribution ( 2f-WD ) for polarized waves is introduced to describe the space-frequency correlations and the closed form Wigner-Moyal equation is derived from the Maxwell equations . Two-frequency radiative transfer ( 2f-RT ) equations is then derived from the Wigner-Moyal equation by using the multiple scale expansion . For the simplest isotropic medium , the result coincides with Chandrasekhar 's transfer equation . In birefringent media , the 2f-RT equations take the scalar form due to the absence of depolarization . A number of birefringent media such as the chiral , uniaxial and gyrotropic media are examined . For the unpolarized wave in the isotropic medium the 2f-RT equations reduces to the Fokker-Planck equation previously derived in Part I . A similar Fokker-Planck equation is derived from the scalar 2f-RT equation for the birefringent media .
0707.1546	physics.acc-ph	Producing an Intense , Cool Muon Beam via e+e- Annihilation	We consider a highly unconventional approach to generating muon and antimuon bunches for a neutrino factory or muon collider : electron-positron annihilation just above muon-antimuon threshold . This approach can produce low-emittance bunches at high energy , easing the muon-cooling and acceleration challenges in such facilities . However , the small ( < 1 $ \mu $ b ) useable production cross section means that extraordinary beam-power and targeting challenges would have to be met . We speculate on what this might entail .
