0707.2642	physics.flu-dyn	Comment on 'Critical behaviour in the relaminarization of localized turbulence in pipe flow '	This is a comment on arXiv : physics/0608292 , subsequently published in Phys Rev Lett , 98 , 014501 ( 2007 ) , in which Willis and Kerswell study in direct numerical simulations the statistics of turbulent lifetimes in pipe flow . They suggest that their data for six different Reynolds numbers support a divergence of the lifetime near a Reynolds number of about 1870 . However , their conclusion is not compelling : a re-analysis of their data shows that it is also compatible with an exponentially increasing lifetime .
0707.2645	physics.class-ph	Modelization of flow electrification in a polymer melt	Flow electrification of polymer melts is an important side effect of polymer processing . The studies dealing with this phenomenon are seldom and most of the scientific work has been focused on flow electrification of aqueous and insulating Newtonian liquids . From that prior art it is well established that the flow electrification in Newtonian liquids is a consequence of the formation of an ionic double layer . Convection of this layer induces the electrification of the liquid at the outlet of the pipe . In those models , the key parameters governing the flow electrification are thus the intrinsic electrical properties of the polymer and the flow characteristics . In this work , we reconsider the assumptions made previously and we propose a new approach to modelise the flow electrification in the particular case of non-Newtonian polymer materials in laminar flow conditions . We establish that , a key parameter for the electrification quantification in the polymer melt is the shape of the velocity profile . Additionally , in some cases , we show that a slip velocity at the polymer/die wall interface must be considered to describe accurately the electrification . As a consequence , we deduce that the slip velocity at the interface can be calculated by measuring the electrification : this work gives an alternative manner to measure the slip velocity during polymer flow .
0707.2649	physics.class-ph	Electrical charges and tribology of insulating materials	Electrical charges generation occurring during contact and friction of insulating materials has been identified for a long time . However the contribution of these electrical charges to the friction behaviour is usually neglected in the energetical balances . Based on published results and on our own experimental results on the ability of the dielectric materials to trap charges , we show in this study that the interaction energy during friction depends markedly on these trapped charges . Eventually , we propose the complementary use of the `` mirror `` method and of surface forces measurements to obtain a quantitative evaluation of this contribution . dielectric behaviour / friction / triboelectrification / interfacial interactions / surface free energy / space charge / surface forces
0707.2682	physics.optics	Localization and characterization of simple defects in finite-size photonic crystals	Structured materials like photonic crystals require for optimal use a high precision both on position and optical characteristics of the components which they are made of . Here , we present a simple tomographic algorithm , based on a specific Green 's function together with a first-order Born approximation , which enables us to localize and characterize identical defects in finite-size photonic crystals . This algorithm is proposed as a first step to the monitoring of such materials . Illustrative numerical results show in particular some possibility of focalization beyond the Rayleigh criterion .
0707.2684	physics.flu-dyn	Reply to Comment on 'Critical behaviour in the relaminarization of localized turbulence in pipe flow '	This is a Reply to Comment arXiv:0707.2642 by Hof et al . on Letter arXiv : physics/0608292 which was subsequently published in Phys Rev Lett , 98 , 014501 ( 2007 ) . In our letter it was reported that in pipe flow the median time $ \tau $ for relaminarisation of localised turbulent disturbances closely follows the scaling $ \tau\sim 1/ ( Re_c-Re ) $ . This conclusion was based on data from collections of 40 to 60 independent simulations at each of six different Reynolds numbers , Re . In the Comment , Hof et al . estimate $ \tau $ differently for the point at lowest Re . Although this point is the most uncertain , it forms the basis for their assertion that the data might then fit an exponential scaling $ \tau\sim \exp ( A Re ) $ , for some constant A , supporting Hof et al . ( 2006 ) Nature , 443 , 59 . The most certain point ( at largest Re ) does not fit their conclusion and is rejected . We clarify why their argument for rejecting this point is flawed . The median $ \tau $ is estimated from the distribution of observations , and it is shown that the correct part of the distribution is used . The data is sufficiently well determined to show that the exponential scaling can not be fit to the data over this range of Re , whereas the $ \tau\sim 1/ ( Re_c-Re ) $ fit is excellent , indicating critical behaviour and supporting experiments by Peixinho & Mullin 2006 .
0707.2696	physics.med-ph	Automated detection of lung nodules in low-dose computed tomography	A computer-aided detection ( CAD ) system for the identification of pulmonary nodules in low-dose multi-detector computed-tomography ( CT ) images has been developed in the framework of the MAGIC-5 Italian project . One of the main goals of this project is to build a distributed database of lung CT scans in order to enable automated image analysis through a data and cpu GRID infrastructure . The basic modules of our lung-CAD system , consisting in a 3D dot-enhancement filter for nodule detection and a neural classifier for false-positive finding reduction , are described . The system was designed and tested for both internal and sub-pleural nodules . The database used in this study consists of 17 low-dose CT scans reconstructed with thin slice thickness ( ~300 slices/scan ) . The preliminary results are shown in terms of the FROC analysis reporting a good sensitivity ( 85 % range ) for both internal and sub-pleural nodules at an acceptable level of false positive findings ( 1-9 FP/scan ) ; the sensitivity value remains very high ( 75 % range ) even at 1-6 FP/scan
0707.2750	physics.ao-ph	Multiple Equilibria in a Single-Column Model of the Tropical Atmosphere	A single-column model run under the weak temperature gradient approximation , a parameterization of large-scale dynamics appropriate for the tropical atmosphere , is shown to have multiple stable equilibria . Under conditions permitting persistent deep convection , the model has a statistically steady state in which such convection occurs , as well as an extremely dry state in which convection does not occur . Which state is reached depends on the initial moisture profile .
0707.2766	physics.bio-ph	A two-state model for helicase translocation and unwinding of nucleic acids	Helicases are molecular motors that unwind double-stranded nucleic acids ( dsNA ) , such as DNA and RNA ) . Typically a helicase translocates along one of the NA single strands while unwinding and uses adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) hydrolysis as an energy source . Here we model of a helicase motor that can switch between two states , which could represent two different points in the ATP hydrolysis cycle . Our model is an extension of the earlier Betterton-J\ '' ulicher model of helicases to incorporate switching between two states . The main predictions of the model are the speed of unwinding of the dsNA and fluctuations around the average unwinding velocity . Motivated by a recent claim that the NS3 helicase of Hepatitis C virus follows a flashing ratchet mechanism , we have compared the experimental results for the NS3 helicase with a special limit of our model which corresponds to the flashing ratchet scenario . Our model accounts for one key feature of the experimental data on NS3 helicase . However , contradictory observations in experiments carried out under different conditions limit the ability to compare the model to experiments .
0707.2817	physics.chem-ph physics.comp-ph	The kinetic energy operator in the subspaces of wavelet analysis	At any resolution level of wavelet expansions the physical observable of the kinetic energy is represented by an infinite matrix which is `` canonically '' chosen as the projection of the operator $ -\Delta/2 $ onto the subspace of the given resolution . It is shown , that this canonical choice is not optimal , as the regular grid of the basis set introduces an artificial consequence of periodicity , and it is only a particular member of possible operator representations . We present an explicit method of preparing a near optimal kinetic energy matrix which leads to more appropriate results in numerical wavelet based calculations . This construction works even in those cases , where the usual definition is unusable ( i.e. , the derivative of the basis functions does not exist ) . It is also shown , that building an effective kinetic energy matrix is equivalent to the renormalization of the kinetic energy by a momentum dependent effective mass compensating for artificial periodicity effects .
0707.2821	physics.geo-ph physics.ins-det	On the combined gravity gradient modeling for applied geophysics	Gravity gradiometry research and development has intensified in recent years to the extent that technologies providing a resolution of about 1 Eotvos per 1 sec average shall likely soon be available for multiple critical applications such as natural resources exploration , oil reservoir monitoring and defence establishment . Much of the content of this paper was composed a decade ago , and only minor modifications were required for the conclusions to be just as applicable today . In this paper we demonstrate how gravity gradient data can be modeled , and show some examples of how gravity gradient data can be combined in order to extract valuable information . In particular , this study demonstrates the importance of two gravity gradient components , Txz and Tyz which , when processed together , can provide more information on subsurface density contrasts than that derived solely from the vertical gravity gradient ( Tzz ) .
0707.2828	physics.gen-ph	Rapid Transport of Glassy Supersolid Helium in Wavy-Rough Nanpores	We show that the presumed wavy roughness distributed along the wall of different nanopores ( radius : a around 3.5 nm for Vycor or a silica glass ; around 245 nm for porous gold ) will induce larger volume flow rates of solid helium ( of which there is a minimum ) which might explain reported experimental differences of the supersolid fractions observed so far .
