0710.2401	physics.atm-clus	Tracing non-equilibrium plasma dynamics on the attosecond timescale in small clusters	It is shown that the energy absorption of a rare-gas cluster from a vacuum-ultraviolet ( VUV ) pulse can be traced with time-delayed extreme-ultraviolet ( XUV ) attosecond probe pulses by measuring the kinetic energy of the electrons detached by the probe pulse . By means of this scheme we demonstrate , that for pump pulses as short as one femtosecond , the charging of the cluster proceeds during the formation of an electronic nano-plasma inside the cluster . Using moderate harmonics for the VUV and high harmonics for the XUV pulse from the same near-infrared laser source , this scheme with well defined time delays between pump and probe pulses should be experimentally realizable . Going to even shorter pulse durations we predict that pump and probe pulses of about 250 attoseconds can induce and monitor non-equilibrium dynamics of the nano-plasma .
0710.2414	physics.hist-ph	Exchange Reactions with Dick Dalitz	An account is given of the close collaboration of Dick Dalitz with the European K- Collaboration over many decades in many aspects of hypernuclear physics . In particular , emphasis is given to the topics of double hypernuclei and the discovery and resolution of p-wave Lambda strangeness exchange states .
0710.2431	physics.atom-ph	Control of recollision wave packets for molecular orbital tomography using short laser pulses	The tomographic imaging of arbitrary molecular orbitals via high-order harmonic generation requires that electrons recollide from one direction only . Within a semi-classical model , we show that extremely short phase-stabilized laser pulses offer control over the momentum distribution of the returning electrons . By adjusting the carrier-envelope phase , recollisions can be forced to occur from mainly one side , while retaining a broad energy spectrum . The signatures of the semi-classical distributions are observed in harmonic spectra obtained by numerical solution of the time-dependent Schr\ '' { o } dinger equation .
0710.2440	physics.ins-det	Study of the electron trigger efficiency of the CMS Experiment using test beam data	A study of the electron identification and selection efficiency of the L1 Trigger algorithm has been performed using the combined ECAL/HCAL test beam data . A detailed discussion of the electron isolation and its impact on the selection efficiency is presented . The L1 electron algorithm is studied for different beam energies and the results indicate that efficiencies of 98 % or more can be achieved for electrons with energies between 15 and 100 GeV . The fraction of charged hadrons with energies from 3 up to 100 GeV rejected by the L1 electron trigger algorithm is estimated to be larger than 93 % .
0710.2449	physics.data-an	Statistical substantiation of introduction of the distributions containing lifetime as thermodynamic parameter	By means of an inequality of the information and parametrization of family of distributions of the probabilities , supposing an effective estimation , introduction of the distributions containing time of the first achievement of a level as internal thermodynamic parameter ground .
0710.2462	physics.flu-dyn	Two-fluid model of the truncated Euler Equations	A phenomenological two-fluid model of the ( time-reversible ) spectrally-truncated 3D Euler equation is proposed . The thermalized small scales are first shown to be quasi-normal . The effective viscosity and thermal diffusion are then determined , using EDQNM closure and Monte-Carlo numerical computations . Finally , the model is validated by comparing its dynamics with that of the original truncated Euler equation .
0710.2467	physics.ins-det physics.data-an	Track-Based Particle Flow	One of the most important aspects of detector development for the ILC is a good jet energy resolution sigma_E/E . To achieve the goal of high precision measurements sigma_E/E = 0.30/sqrt ( E ( GeV ) } is proposed . The particle flow approach together with highly granular calorimeters is able to reach this goal . This paper presents a new particle flow algorithm , called Track-Based particle flow , and shows first performance results for 45 GeV jets based on full detector simulation of the Tesla TDR detector model .
0710.2485	physics.acc-ph	RHIC Low-Energy Challenges and Plans	There is significant interest in RHIC heavy ion collisions at $ \sqrt { s_ { NN } } = $ 5 -- 50 GeV , motivated by a search for the QCD phase transition critical point . The lowest energies for this search are well below the nominal RHIC gold injection collision energy of $ \sqrt { s_ { NN } } =19.6 $ GeV . There are several operations challenges at RHIC in this regime , including longitudinal acceptance , magnet field quality , lattice control , and luminosity monitoring . We report on the status of work to address these challenges , including results from beam tests of low energy RHIC operations with protons and gold , and potential improvements from different beam cooling scenarios .
0710.2523	physics.data-an q-bio.NC	An analysis of the abstracts presented at the annual meetings of the Society for Neuroscience from 2001 to 2006	We extracted and processed abstract data from the SFN annual meeting abstracts during the period 2001-2006 , using techniques and software from natural language processing , database management , and data visualization and analysis . An important first step in the process was the application of data cleaning and disambiguation methods to construct a unified database , since the data were too noisy to be of full utility in the raw form initially available . The resulting co-author graph in 2006 , for example , had 39,645 nodes ( with an estimated 6 % error rate in our disambiguation of similar author names ) and 13,979 abstracts , with an average of 1.5 abstracts per author , 4.3 authors per abstract , and 5.96 collaborators per author ( including all authors on shared abstracts ) . Recent work in related areas has focused on reputational indices such as highly cited papers or scientists and journal impact factors , and to a lesser extent on creating visual maps of the knowledge space . In contrast , there has been relatively less work on the demographics and community structure , the dynamics of the field over time to examine major research trends and the structure of the sources of research funding . In this paper we examined each of these areas in order to gain an objective overview of contemporary neuroscience . Some interesting findings include a high geographical concentration of neuroscience research in north eastern United States , a surprisingly large transient population ( 60 % of the authors appear in only one out of the six studied years ) , the central role played by the study of neurodegenerative disorders in the neuroscience community structure , and an apparent growth of behavioral/systems neuroscience with a corresponding shrinkage of cellular/molecular neuroscience over the six year period .
0710.2529	physics.comp-ph	Heuristic decomposition of cones in molecular conformational space	In a previous work arXiv : physics/0611108v2 , it was shown that the volume spanned by a molecular system in its conformational space can be effectively bounded by a polyhedral cone , this cone is described by means of a simple combinatorial formula . On the other hand it was constructed a transversal graph structure encoding the region of conformational space accessible to the system . From the information in this graph , it is possible to decompose the main cone into a hierarchy of smaller ones that are more manageable , and are progressively more tightly bound to the region in which the system evolves .
0710.2533	physics.data-an	Modularity-Maximizing Network Communities via Mathematical Programming	In many networks , it is of great interest to identify `` communities '' , unusually densely knit groups of individuals . Such communities often shed light on the function of the networks or underlying properties of the individuals . Recently , Newman suggested `` modularity '' as a natural measure of the quality of a network partitioning into communities . Since then , various algorithms have been proposed for ( approximately ) maximizing the modularity of the partitioning determined . In this paper , we introduce the technique of rounding mathematical programs to the problem of modularity maximization , presenting two novel algorithms . More specifically , the algorithms round solutions to linear and vector programs . Importantly , the linear programing algorithm comes with an a posteriori approximation guarantee : by comparing the solution quality to the fractional solution of the linear program , a bound on the available `` room for improvement '' can be obtained . The vector programming algorithm provides a similar bound for the best partition into two communities . We evaluate both algorithms using experiments on several standard test cases for network partitioning algorithms , and find that they perform comparably or better than past algorithms .
0710.2537	physics.pop-ph cond-mat.mtrl-sci physics.soc-ph quant-ph	Spookytechnology and Society	New technologies based on the exploitation of so-called `` second order '' quantum phenomena - such as quantum entanglement - deserve a public-friendly , rational , and sexy name . Spookytechnology is that unifying term . From historical and motivational perspectives , this name has greater value than the many variations of quantum this and quantum that presently used . As many already believe , the pursuit of spookytechnology has profound implications for the development of the physical and information sciences and ultimately for society at large . Spookytechnology will find its place in the increasingly dense line of major technological revolutions of our time : quantum , info , bio , nano , spooky .
0710.2556	physics.gen-ph	Continuum of consciousness : Mind uploading and resurrection of human consciousness . Is there a place for physics , neuroscience and computers ?	In this paper , I perform mental experiment to analyze hypothetical process of mind uploading . That process suggested as a way to achieve resurrection of human consciousness . Mind uploading can be seen as a migration process of the core mental functions , which migrate from a human brain to an artificial environment . To simulate the process , I suggest a topological approach which is based on a formalism of information geometry . Geometrical formalism lets us simulate the toy mind as geometrical structures as well as gives us powerful geometrical and topological methods for analysis of the information system . This approach leads to the insight about using holographic model as an analogy for the mind migration to an artificial environment . This model represents the toy mind functionality in terms of information geometry ( as a geometrical shape ) on information manifold . Such shape can have distributed holographic representation . This representation gives us delocalized representation of the system . At the same time , the process of creating the holographic representation gives us a strategy to migrate from original to an artificial environment and back . The interface between brain and an environment is modeled as an entropy flow which is defined as a geometrical flow on information manifold . Such flow is an analogy of holography recording for the toy mind . The opposite process of holography reconstruction is modeled by none-local Hamiltonians defined on the information manifold .
