0706.3572	physics.plasm-ph physics.gen-ph	Quantum-statistical equation-of-state models of dense plasmas : high-pressure Hugoniot shock adiabats	We present a detailed comparison of two self-consistent equation-of-state models which differ from their electronic contribution : the atom in a spherical cell and the atom in a jellium of charges . It is shown that both models are well suited for the calculation of Hugoniot shock adiabats in the high pressure range ( 1 Mbar-10 Gbar ) , and that the atom-in-a-jellium model provides a better treatment of pressure ionization . Comparisons with experimental data are also presented . Shell effects on shock adiabats are reviewed in the light of these models . They lead to additional features not only in the variations of pressure versus density , but also in the variations of shock velocity versus particle velocity . Moreover , such effects are found to be responsible for enhancement of the electronic specific heat .
0706.3573	physics.optics physics.comp-ph	Optical asymptotics via Weniger transformation	Starting from the resurgence equation discovered by Berry and Howls [ M. V. Berry and C. Howls `` Hyperasymptotics for integrals with saddles , '' Proc . R. Soc . Lond . A 434 , 657-675 ( 1991 ) ] , the Weniger transformation is here proposed as a natural , efficient , and straightforwardly implementable scheme for the efficient asymptotics evaluation of a class of integrals occurring in several areas of physics and , in particular , of optics . Preliminary numerical tests , carried out on the Pearcey function , provide a direct comparison between the performances of Weniger transformation and those of Hyperasymptotics , which seems to corroborate the theoretical predictions . We believe that Weniger transformation would be a very useful computational tool for the asymptotic treatment of several optical problems .
0706.3577	physics.optics	Parametric Frequency Conversion of Short Optical Pulses Controlled by a CW Background	We predict that parametric sum-frequency generation of an ultra-short pulse may result from the mixing of an ultra-short optical pulse with a quasi-continuous wave control . We analytically show that the intensity , time duration and group velocity of the generated idler pulse may be controlled in a stable manner by adjusting the intensity level of the background pump .
0706.3579	physics.atom-ph	Time-dependent quantum Monte Carlo and the stochastic quantization	We examine the relation between the recently proposed time-dependent quantum Monte Carlo ( TDQMC ) method and the principles of stochastic quantization . In both TDQMC and stochastic quantization particle motion obeys stochastic guidance equations to preserve quantum equilibrium . In this way the probability density of the Monte Carlo particles corresponds to the modulus square of the many-body wave function at all times . However , in TDQMC the motion of particles and guide waves occurs in physical space unlike in stochastic quantization where it occurs in configuration space . Hence the practical calculation of time evolution of many-body fully correlated quantum systems becomes feasible within the TDQMC methodology . We illustrate the TDQMC technique by calculating the symmetric and antisymmetric ground state of a model one-dimensional Helium atom , and the time evolution of the dipole moment when the atom is irradiated by a strong ultrashort laser pulse .
0706.3592	physics.atom-ph physics.plasm-ph	A model of dense-plasma atomic structure for equation-of-state calculations	A model of dense plasmas relying on the superconfiguration approximation is presented . In each superconfiguration the nucleus is totally screened by the electrons in a Wigner-Seitz sphere ( ion-sphere model ) . Superconfigurations of the same charge are grouped into ions . It is shown that boundary values of the wavefunctions play a crucial role in the form of the Virial theorem from which the pressure formula is derived . Finally , a condition is presented and discussed , which makes the ion-sphere model variational when bound electrons are treated quantum-mechanically and free electrons quasi-classically .
0706.3603	physics.bio-ph q-bio.CB	Critical mass of bacterial populations and critical temperature of self-gravitating Brownian particles in two dimensions	We show that the critical mass M_c=8\pi of bacterial populations in two dimensions in the chemotactic problem is the counterpart of the critical temperature T_c=GMm/4k_B of self-gravitating Brownian particles in two-dimensional gravity . We obtain these critical values by using the Virial theorem or by considering stationary solutions of the Keller-Segel model and Smoluchowski-Poisson system . We also consider the case of one dimensional systems and develop the connection with the Burgers equation . Finally , we discuss the evolution of the system as a function of M or T in bounded and unbounded domains in dimensions d=1 , 2 and 3 and show the specificities of each dimension . This paper aims to point out the numerous analogies between bacterial populations , self-gravitating Brownian particles and , occasionally , two-dimensional vortices .
0706.3606	physics.ins-det physics.med-ph	Further progress in ion back-flow reduction with patterned gaseous hole-multipliers	A new idea on electrostatic deviation and capture of back-drifting avalanche-ions in cascaded gaseous hole-multipliers is presented . It involves a flipped reversed-bias Micro-Hole & Strip Plate ( F-R-MHSP ) element , the strips of which are facing the drift region of the multiplier . The ions , originating from successive multiplication stages , are efficiently deviated and captured by such electrode . Experimental results are provided comparing the ion-blocking capability of the F-R-MHSP to that of the reversed-bias Micro-Hole & Strip Plate ( R-MHSP ) and the Gas Electron Multiplier ( GEM ) . Best ion-blocking results in cascaded hole-multipliers were reached with a detector having the F-R-MHSP as the first multiplication element . A three-element F-R-MHSP/GEM/MHSP cascaded multiplier operated in atmospheric-pressure Ar/CH4 ( 95/5 ) , at total gain of ~10^ { 5 } , yielded ion back-flow fractions of 3*10^ { -4 } and 1.5*10^ { -4 } , at drift fields of 0.5 and 0.2 kV/cm , respectively . We describe the F-R-MHSP concept and the relevance of the obtained ion back-flow fractions to various applications ; further ideas are also discussed .
0706.3614	physics.atom-ph nucl-th	Nuclear vector polarizability correction to hyperfine splitting	The interaction of orbital electrons with the charge and magnetic moment of the nucleus polarizes it , and the detailed description requires a careful treatment of the nuclear vector polarizability . We present a complete and closed form expression for the resulting contribution to hyperfine splitting in light atomic systems .
0706.3622	physics.data-an astro-ph	Comments on the Unified approach to the construction of Classical confidence intervals	The paper comments on properties of the so-called `` Unified approach to the construction of classical confidence intervals '' , in which confidence intervals are computed in a Neyman construction using the likelihood ratio as ordering quantity . In particular , two of the main results of a paper by Feldman and Cousins ( F & C ) are discussed . It is shown that in the case of central intervals the so-called flip-flopping problem , occuring in the specific scenario where the experimenter decides to quote a standard upper limit or a confidence interval depending on the measurement , can be easily avoided by choosing appropriate confidence levels for the standard upper limits and confidence intervals . In the F & C paper `` upper limit '' is defined as the upper edge of a confidence interval , whose lower edge coincides with the physical limit . With this definition of upper limit ( F & C limit ) , in an approach which uses the likelihood ratio as ordering quantity , two-sided confidence intervals automatically change over to `` upper limits '' as the signal becomes weaker ( Unified approach ) . In the present paper it is pointed out that this behaviour is not a special property of this approach , because approaches with other ordering principles , like central intervals , symmetric intervals or highest-probability intervals , exhibit the same behaviour . The Unified approach is presented in the F & C paper as a solution to the flip-flopping problem . This might suggest that the F & C limit is a standard upper limit . In order to exclude any misunderstanding , it is proposed in the present paper to call the F & C limit '' upper edge of the confidence interval '' , even if its lower edge coincides with the physical limit .
0706.3643	physics.chem-ph	Partition function for two-dimensional nearest neighbour Ising model in the presence of external magnetic field	The partition function for two-dimensional nearest neighbour Ising models in the presence of a magnetic field is derived . A comparison with the partition functions predicted by Onsager is carried out . The critical temperature estimated by two different methods yields good agreement with the result of Yang and Lee .
0706.3649	physics.optics physics.atom-ph	Vacuum Rabi splitting and intracavity dark state in a cavity-atoms system	We report experimental measurements of the transmission spectrum of an optical cavity coupled with cold Rb atoms . We observe the multi-atom vacuum Rabi splitting of a composite cavity and atom system . When a coupling field is applied to the atoms and induces the resonant two-photon Raman transition with the cavity field in a Lamda-type three-level system , we observe a cavity transmission spectrum with two vacuum Rabi sidebands and a central peak representing the intracavity dark state . The central peak linewidth is significantly narrowed by the dark-state resonance and its position is insensitive to the frequency change of the empty cavity .
0706.3655	physics.flu-dyn	Curvature Fields , Topology , and the Dynamics of Spatiotemporal Chaos	The curvature field is measured from tracer particle trajectories in a two-dimensional fluid flow that exhibits spatiotemporal chaos , and is used to extract the hyperbolic and elliptic points of the flow . These special points are pinned to the forcing when the driving is weak , but wander over the domain and interact in pairs at stronger driving , changing the local topology of the flow . Their behavior reveals a two-stage transition to spatiotemporal chaos : a gradual loss of spatial and temporal order followed by an abrupt onset of topological changes .
0706.3678	physics.bio-ph physics.flu-dyn q-bio.TO	Experimental confirmation of tissue liquidity based on the exact solution of the Laplace equation	The notion of tissue surface tension has provided a physical understanding of morphogenetic phenomena such as tissue spreading or cell sorting . The measurement of tissue surface tension so far relied on strong approximations on the geometric profile of a spherical droplet compressed between parallel plates . We solved the Laplace equation for this geometry and tested its solution on true liquids and embryonic tissue fragments as well as multicellular aggregates . The analytic solution provides the surface tension in terms of easily and accurately measurable geometric parameters . Experimental results show that the various tissues and multicellular aggregates studied here are incompressible and , similarly to true liquids , possess effective surface tensions that are independent of the magnitude of the compressive force and the volume of the droplet .
0706.3682	physics.optics	Orthogonal Set of Basis Functions over the Binocular Pupil	Sets of orthogonal basis functions over two-dimensional circular areas -- most often representing pupils in optical applications -- are known in the literature for the full circle ( Zernike or Jacobi polynomials ) and the annulus . This work proposes an orthogonal set if the area is two non-overlapping circular pupils of same size . The major free parameter is the ratio of the pupil radii over the distance between both circles . Increasingly higher order aberrations -- as defined for a virtual larger pupil in which both pupils are embedded -- are fed into a Gram-Schmidt orthogonalization to implement one unique set of basis functions . The key element is to work out the overlap integrals between a full set of primitive basis functions ( products of powers of the distance from the mid-point between both pupils by azimuthal functions of the Fourier type ) .
0706.3689	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	Space-frequency correlation of classical waves in disordered media : high-frequency and small scale asymptotics	Two-frequency radiative transfer ( 2f-RT ) theory is developed for geometrical optics in random media . The space-frequency correlation is described by the two-frequency Wigner distribution ( 2f-WD ) which satisfies a closed form equation , the two-frequency Wigner-Moyal equation . In the RT regime it is proved rigorously that 2f-WD satisfies a Fokker-Planck-like equation with complex-valued coefficients . By dimensional analysis 2f-RT equation yields the scaling behavior of three physical parameters : the spatial spread , the coherence length and the coherence bandwidth . The sub-transport-mean-free-path behavior is obtained in a closed form by analytically solving a paraxial 2f-RT equation .
0706.3693	physics.bio-ph physics.comp-ph q-bio.CB q-bio.TO	Relating Biophysical Properties Across Scales	A distinguishing feature of a multicellular living system is that it operates at various scales , from the intracellular to organismal . Very little is known at present on how tissue level properties are related to cell and subcellular properties . Modern measurement techniques provide quantitative results at both the intracellular and tissue level , but not on the connection between these . In the present work we outline a framework to address this connection . We specifically concentrate on the morphogenetic process of tissue fusion , by following the coalescence of two contiguous multicellular aggregates . The time evolution of this process can accurately be described by the theory of viscous liquids . We also study fusion by Monte Carlo simulations and a novel Cellular Particle Dynamics ( CPD ) model , which is similar to the earlier introduced Subcellular Element Model ( Newman , 2005 ) . Using the combination of experiments , theory and modeling we are able to relate the measured tissue level biophysical quantities to subcellular parameters . Our approach has validity beyond the particular morphogenetic process considered here and provides a general way to relate biophysical properties across scales .
0706.3694	physics.ins-det	Status of the H1 Very Forward Proton Spectrometer	The Very Forward Proton Spectrometer ( VFPS ) of the H1 experiment at HERA is collecting data since 2005 . The fiber detectors in the Roman pots located at 218 and 222m downstream from the H1 interaction point , tag and measure diffractively scattered protons with a high acceptance in the $ \xpom $ range [ 0.01 , 0.025 ] . The experimental set up and the spectrometer tagging performance using diffractive events collected during 2006 and 2007 are discussed .
0706.3720	physics.ao-ph	How Can We Avert Dangerous Climate Change ?	Recent analyses indicate that the amount of atmospheric CO2 required to cause dangerous climate change is at most 450 ppm , and likely less than that . Reductions of non-CO2 climate forcings can provide only moderate , albeit important , adjustments to the CO2 limit . Realization of how close the planet is to `` tipping points '' with unacceptable consequences , especially ice sheet disintegration with sea level rise out of humanity 's control , has a bright side . It implies an imperative : we must find a way to keep the CO2 amount so low that it will also avert other detrimental effects that had begun to seem inevitable , e.g. , ocean acidification , loss of most alpine glaciers and thus the water supply for millions of people , and shifting of climatic zones with consequent extermination of species . Here I outline from a scientific perspective actions needed to achieve low limits on CO2 and global warming . These changes are technically feasible and have ancillary benefits . Achievement of needed changes requires overcoming the spurious argument that developed and developing countries have equivalent responsibilities , as well as overcoming special interests advocating minimalist or counterproductive actions such as corn-based ethanol and liquid-fuel-from-coal programs .
0706.3747	physics.gen-ph	Superconductors described with CSM . ( a new paper , 2008-10-16 )	The properties of the known superconductors can be explained with the correlations dominated superconducting mechanism ( CSM ) . The correlations have the spin correlation , the charge correlation and the spin-charge correlation , and their strengths can be described by the related correlation lengths in their correlation functions . Our evaluation from many superconductors is that superconductivities occur if both the spin correlation and the charge correlation are stronger , and the calculation of a Hubbard model showed that the spin-charge correlation may govern superconductivities1 . Afterwards , this mechanism has led a model which includes various superconductivities and magnetisms , and the relation between superconductivities and magnetisms can be understood on this model2 ( these results have been shown by calculations ) . This mechanism is very practical , for example , to turn a material into a superconductor or increase the Tc of a superconductor , what we will do is to increase the spin-charge correlation . In this letter , we first describe the relations between the spin-charge correlation , the spin correlation and the charge correlation , take these relations as the basis of constructing a new phase diagram , and then classify the known superconductors into various sections in this phase diagram . This letter also gives a new explanation about the pressure effect on Tc , the isotope effect on Tc and the pairing symmetry with the CSM .
