0709.4524	physics.ins-det nucl-ex	Systematic study of trace radioactive impurities in candidate construction materials for EXO-200	The Enriched Xenon Observatory ( EXO ) will search for double beta decays of 136Xe . We report the results of a systematic study of trace concentrations of radioactive impurities in a wide range of raw materials and finished parts considered for use in the construction of EXO-200 , the first stage of the EXO experimental program . Analysis techniques employed , and described here , include direct gamma counting , alpha counting , neutron activation analysis , and high-sensitivity mass spectrometry .
0709.4536	physics.soc-ph	Approximately Independent Features of Languages	To facilitate the testing of models for the evolution of languages , the present note offers a set of linguistic features that are approximately independent of each other . To find these features , the adjusted Rand index R' is used to estimate the degree of pairwise relationship among 130 linguistic features in a large published database . Many of the R ' values prove to be near 0 , as predicted for independent features , and a subset of 47 features is found with an average R ' of -0.0001 . These 47 features are recommended for use in statistical tests that require independent units of analysis .
0709.4557	physics.atm-clus	A diffusion Monte Carlo study of small para-Hydrogen clusters	Ground state energies and chemical potentials of parahydrogen clusters are calculated from 3 to 40 molecules using the diffusion Monte Carlo technique with two different pH2-pH2 interactions . This calculation improves a previous one by the inclusion of three-body correlations in the importance sampling , by the time step adjustement and by a better estimation of the statistical errors . Apart from the cluster with 13 molecules , no other magic clusters are predicted , in contrast with path integral Monte Carlo results .
0709.4571	physics.hist-ph	Einstein 's Lost Battles and Neglected Achievements	We analyze some of Einstein 's failures to accomplish tasks which he posed to himself , notably deterministic interpretation of Quantum mechanics and formulation of the Unified theory of physical interactions , putting them into broader ontological and epistemological context . We highlight , on the other hand , a number of his contributions that have been unjustly neglected by the physical community , like the semiclassical quantization principle and the concept of antiparticle . Finally , we mention briefly three issues , which are related to Einstein , but are subject to controversy .
0709.4577	physics.ins-det physics.optics	Sub-Kelvin Cooling of a Macroscopic Oscillator and femto-Newton Force Measurement	Measuring very small forces , particularly those of a gravitational nature , has always been of great interest , as fundamental tests of our understanding of the physical laws . Ultra-long period mechanical oscillators , typically used in such measurements , will have kT/2 of thermal energy associated with each degree of freedom , owing to the equal-partition of energy . Moreover , additional seismic fluctuations in the low frequency band can raise this equivalent temperature significantly to 10^5 K. Recently , various methods using opto-mechanical forces have been reported to decrease this thermal energy for MHz , micro-cantilever oscillators , effectively cooling them . Here we show the direct , dynamical cooling of a gram-size , macroscopic oscillator to 300 mK in equivalent temperature - noise reduction by a factor of 10^6 . By precisely measuring the torsional oscillator 's position , we dynamically provide an external 'viscous ' damping force . Such an added , dissipative force is essentially free of noise , resulting in rapid cooling of the oscillator . Additionally , we observe the time-dependent cooling process , at various cooling force parameters . This parameter dependence agrees well with a simple physical model which we provide . We further show that the device is sensitive to forces as small as < 100 fN - a force only a few percent of that typically exerted by a single biological molecule or that observed in a typical gravity experiment . We also demonstrate the dynamic control of the oscillator 's natural frequency , over a span of nearly two decades . The method may find important applications in precision measurements of very weak forces .
0709.4612	physics.data-an	Wavelet transform modulus maxima based fractal correlation analysis	The wavelet transform modulus maxima ( WTMM ) used in the singularity analysis of one fractal function is extended to study the fractal correlation of two multifractal functions . The technique is developed in the framework of joint partition function analysis ( JPFA ) proposed by Meneveau et al . [ 1 ] and is shown to be equally effective . In addition , we show that another leading approach developed for the same purpose , namely , relative multifractal analysis , can be considered as a special case of JPFA at a particular parameter setting .
0709.4649	physics.class-ph physics.gen-ph	Factorizations of one dimensional classical systems	A class of one dimensional classical systems is characterized from an algebraic point of view . The Hamiltonians of these systems are factorized in terms of two functions that together with the Hamiltonian itself close a Poisson algebra . These two functions lead directly to two time-dependent integrals of motion from which the phase motions are derived algebraically . The systems so obtained constitute the classical analogues of the well known factorizable one dimensional quantum mechanical systems .
0709.4652	physics.bio-ph	Asymmetry of rotational catalysis of single membrane-bound F0F1-ATP synthase	Erroneous submission in violation of copyright removed by arXiv admin .
0709.4672	physics.gen-ph physics.hist-ph physics.pop-ph	Einstein , Sciascia , Majorana , Amaldi , e il Rapporto tra Intellettuali e Potere ( Einstein , Sciascia , Majorana , Amaldi , and the Relationship of Intellectuals with the Power )	In Europe ( e.g. , in Italy ) , and in the States , the opinion is widely spreading that the negative consequences of modern progress are the fault of '' Science '' . A lively debate on this topic took place among the famous writer Leonardo Sciascia and Italian physicists like Edoardo Amaldi and Emilio Segre ' , when Sciascia wrote his known book about the disappearance of Ettore Majorana , a book that presented Majorana ( a very reserved theoretical physicist ) as an example of the scientist that keeps his discoveries secret when afraid of possible evil applications . We wish to contribute now to such a question , since many special meetings did recently return to it , while celebrating the centenary of Majorana 's birth ( 2006 ) , or 30 years ( 2005 ) from Sciascia 's book publication . It appeared natural to us to start with the figure of Einstein , who , even if extremely peaceable , supported the atomic bomb construction by his letter to Roosvelt . We discuss first the significance of part of Einsteins's scientific work ( which flourished in particular one century ago ) : We seize this opportunity for presenting a derivation of the `` twins paradox '' , so simple that it has been taught to Senior High School last-year students or University undergraduate students ; all the present work , more in general , is addressed mainly to them . In the second part of this paper , we analyse the general meaning of Einstein 's contributions to philosophy and pedagogy . The third part is entirely devoted to our main subject , i.e. , to discussing the '' Responsibility of the Intellectuals '' . The reader interested chiefly in this last part , can find it re-expounded in a self-contained way in the Appendix . More information in the Contents of this article .
0709.4675	physics.atom-ph	Measurement of the ac Stark shift with a guided matter-wave interferometer	We demonstrate the effectiveness of a guided-wave Bose-Einstein condensate interferometer for practical measurements . Taking advantage of the large arm separations obtainable in our interferometer , the energy levels of the 87Rb atoms in one arm of the interferometer are shifted by a calibrated laser beam . The resulting phase shifts are used to determine the ac polarizability at a range of frequencies near and at the atomic resonance . The measured values are in good agreement with theoretical expectations . However , we observe a broadening of the transition near the resonance , an indication of collective light scattering effects . This nonlinearity may prove useful for the production and control of squeezed quantum states .
0710.0008	physics.chem-ph	Dissociative electron attachment to the H2O molecule . I. Complex-valued potential-energy surfaces for the 2B1 , 2A1 , and 2B2 metastable states of the water anion	We present the results of calculations defining global , three-dimensional representations of the complex-valued potential-energy surfaces of the doublet B1 , doublet A1 , and doublet B2 metastable states of the water anion that underlie the physical process of dissociative electron attachment to water . The real part of the resonance energies is obtained from configuration-interaction calculations performed in a restricted Hilbert space , while the imaginary part of the energies ( the widths ) is derived from complex Kohn scattering calculations . A diabatization is performed on the 2A1 and 2B2 surfaces , due to the presence of a conical intersection between them . We discuss the implications that the shapes of the constructed potential-energy surfaces will have upon the nuclear dynamics of dissociative electron attachment to H2O . This work originally appeared as Phys Rev A 75 , 012710 ( 2007 ) . Typesetting errors in the published version have been corrected here .
0710.0011	physics.optics	Negative Refraction Requires Strong Inhomogeneity	The paper establishes explicit lower bounds for the lattice cell size of periodic structures ( metamaterials and photonic crystals ) capable of supporting backward waves and producing negative refraction . At optical frequencies , this result implies strong inhomogeneity , in the sense that the cell size can not be negligible relative to the vacuum wavelength and the Bloch wavelength .
0710.0033	physics.ins-det	Particle Tracking with a Thin Pixel Telescope	We report results on a tracking performance study performed using a beam telescope made of 50 micron-thick CMOS pixel sensors on the 1.5 GeV electron beam at the LBNL ALS .
