0710.0443	physics.med-ph q-bio.NC	Tongue-placed tactile biofeedback suppresses the deleterious effects of muscle fatigue on joint position sense at the ankle	Whereas the acuity of the position sense at the ankle can be disturbed by muscle fatigue , it recently also has been shown to be improved , under normal ankle neuromuscular state , through the use of an artificial tongue-placed tactile biofeedback . The underlying principle of this biofeedback consisted of supplying individuals with supplementary information about the position of their matching ankle position relative to their reference ankle position through electrotactile stimulation of the tongue . Within this context , the purpose of the present experiment was to investigate whether this biofeedback could mitigate the deleterious effect of muscle fatigue on joint position sense at the ankle . To address this objective , sixteen young healthy university students were asked to perform an active ankle-matching task in two conditions of No-fatigue and Fatigue of the ankle muscles and two conditions of No-biofeedback and Biofeedback . Measures of the overall accuracy and the variability of the positioning were determined using the absolute error and the variable error , respectively . Results showed that the availability of the biofeedback allowed the subjects to suppress the deleterious effects of muscle fatigue on joint position sense at the ankle . In the context of sensory re-weighting process , these findings suggested that the central nervous system was able to integrate and increase the relative contribution of the artificial tongue-placed tactile biofeedback to compensate for a proprioceptive degradation at the ankle .
0710.0446	physics.ins-det	The Detector DCR	The Detector Concept Report ( DCR ) consists of two parts , one for the physics and the other for ILC detectors . It has been prepared as the accompany document of the ILC Accelerator Reference Design Report . The detector DCR describes ILC detector designs , R & Ds on detector technologies and expected performances . The overview of the Detector DCR and the plan for the final release are presented .
0710.0461	physics.class-ph physics.optics	Momentum of an electromagnetic wave in dielectric media	Almost a hundred years ago , two different expressions were proposed for the energy -- momentum tensor of an electromagnetic wave in a dielectric . Minkowski's tensor predicted an increase in the linear momentum of the wave on entering a dielectric medium , whereas Abraham 's tensor predicted its decrease . Theoretical arguments were advanced in favour of both sides , and experiments proved incapable of distinguishing between the two . Yet more forms were proposed , each with their advocates who considered the form that they were proposing to be the one true tensor . This paper reviews the debate and its eventual conclusion : that no electromagnetic wave energy -- momentum tensor is complete on its own . When the appropriate accompanying energy -- momentum tensor for the material medium is also considered , experimental predictions of all the various proposed tensors will always be the same , and the preferred form is therefore effectively a matter of personal choice .
0710.0509	physics.med-ph	Techniques on mesh generation for the brain shift simulation	Neurosurgery interventions involve complex tracking systems because a tissue deformation takesplace . The neuronavigation system relies only on preoperative images . In order to overcome the soft tissue deformations and guarantee the accuracy of the navigation a biomechanical model can be used during surgery to simulate the deformation of the brain . Therefore , a mesh generation for an optimal real-time Finite Element Model ( FEM ) becomes crucial . In this work we present different alternatives from a meshgeneration point of view that were evaluated to optimize the process in terms of elements quantity and quality as well as constraints of a intraoperative application and patient specific data .
0710.0576	physics.data-an physics.soc-ph q-fin.ST	Shrinkage and spectral filtering of correlation matrices : a comparison via the Kullback-Leibler distance	The problem of filtering information from large correlation matrices is of great importance in many applications . We have recently proposed the use of the Kullback-Leibler distance to measure the performance of filtering algorithms in recovering the underlying correlation matrix when the variables are described by a multivariate Gaussian distribution . Here we use the Kullback-Leibler distance to investigate the performance of filtering methods based on Random Matrix Theory and on the shrinkage technique . We also present some results on the application of the Kullback-Leibler distance to multivariate data which are non Gaussian distributed .
0710.0603	physics.ao-ph	An Initial Assessment of the GOES Microburst Windspeed Potential Index	A suite of products has been developed and evaluated to assess hazards presented by convective downbursts to aircraft in flight derived from the current generation of Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite . The existing suite of GOES microburst products employs the GOES sounder to calculate risk based on conceptual models of favorable environmental profiles for convective downburst generation . Large output values of the microburst index algorithms indicate that the ambient thermodynamic structure of the troposphere fits the prototypical environment for each respective microburst type . Accordingly , a new diagnostic nowcasting product , the Microburst Windspeed Potential Index , is derived from merging existing algorithms and designed to quantify the most relevant factors in convective downburst generation in intermediate thermodynamic environments . This paper provides an initial assessment of the MWPI algorithm , presents case studies demonstrating effective operational use of the MWPI product , and presents validation results for the 2007 convective season .
0710.0634	physics.plasm-ph	Collective stimulated Brillouin backscatter	We develop the statistical theory of the stimulated Brillouin backscatter ( BSBS ) instability of a spatially and temporally partially incoherent laser beam for laser fusion relevant plasma . We find a new regime of BSBS which has a much larger threshold than the classical threshold of a coherent beam in long-scale-length laser fusion plasma . Instability is collective because it does not depend on the dynamics of isolated speckles of laser intensity , but rather depends on averaged beam intensity . We identify convective and absolute instability regimes . Well above the incoherent threshold the coherent instability growth rate is recovered . The threshold of convective instability is inside the typical parameter region of National Ignition Facility ( NIF ) designs although current NIF bandwidth is not large enough to insure dominance of collective instability and suggests lower instability threshold due to speckle contribution . In contrast , we estimate that the bandwidth of KrF-laser-based fusion systems would be large enough .
0710.0636	physics.optics physics.atom-ph	Extended cavity diode lasers with tracked resonances	We present a painless , almost-free upgrade to present extended cavity diode lasers ( ECDLs ) , which improves the long term mode-hop free performance by stabilizing the resonance of the internal cavity to the external cavity . This stabilization is based on the observation that the frequency or amplitude noise of the ECDL is lowest at the optimum laser diode temperature or injection current . Thus , keeping the diode current at the level where the noise is lowest ensures mode-hop free operation within one of the stable regions of the mode chart , even if these should drift due to external influences . This method can be applied directly to existing laser systems without modifying the optical setup . We demonstrate the method in two ECDLs stabilized to vapor cells at 852 nm and 895 nm wavelength . We achieve long term mode-hop free operation and low noise at low power consumption , even with an inexpensive non-antireflection coated diode .
0710.0650	physics.chem-ph	Off-center impurity in alkali halides : reorientation , electric polarization and pairing to F center . II . In-plane rotation and polarizability	Because of its inherent 2-D character , the eigenvalue equation for the hindered rotation around a normal cation site of an off-center impurity nearest-neighboring an F center is the well-known Mathieu equation . We present an overview of literature data on Mathieu 's periodic functions providing exact solutions to the Li+ reorientational problem . We compare them with bottom-well approximating solutions by harmonic-oscillator functions at an effective vibrational frequency renormalized by both first- and third- order electron-mode coupling . We finally discuss the in-plane inversion polarizability of an off-center impurity assumed to form a dipole-dipole coupling with a nearby F center .
0710.0671	physics.pop-ph astro-ph	The Cosmos in Your Pocket : How Cosmological Science Became Earth Technology . I	Astronomy provides a laboratory for extreme physics , a window into environments at extremes of distance , temperature and density that often can't be reproduced in Earth laboratories , or at least not right away . A surprising amount of the science we understand today started out as solutions to problems in astronomy . Some of this science was key in the development of many technologies which we enjoy today . This paper describes some of these connections between astronomy and technology and their history .
