0708.1219	physics.optics physics.atom-ph	Monte Carlo Studies of the Fundamental Limits of the Intrinsic Hyperpolarizability	The off-resonant hyperpolarizability is calculated using the dipole-free sum-over-stats expression from a randomly chosen set of energies and transition dipole moments that are forced to be consistent with the sum rules . The process is repeated so that the distribution of hyperpolarizabilities can be determined . We find this distribution to be a cycloid-like function . In contrast to variational techniques that when applied to the potential energy function yield an intrinsic hyperpolarizability less than 0.71 , our Monte Carlo method yields values that approach unity . While many transition dipole moments are large when the calculated hyperpolarizability is near the fundamental limit , only two excited states dominate the hyperpolarizability - consistent with the three-level ansatz .
0708.1255	physics.data-an physics.med-ph	Relaxational Singularities of Human Motor System at Aging Due to Short-Range and Long-Range Time Correlations	In this paper we study the relaxation singularities of human motor system at aging . Our purpose is to examine the structure of force output variability as a function of human aging in the time and frequency domains . For analysis of experimental data we have developed here the statistical theory of relaxation of force output fluctuation with taking into account the effects of two relaxation channels . The first of them contains the contribution of short-range correlation whereas other relaxation component reflects the effect of long-range correlation . The analysis of experimental data shows , that the general behavior of relaxation processes at human aging is determined by a complicated combination and nonlinear interactions two above stated relaxation processes as a whole .
0708.1271	physics.gen-ph physics.chem-ph	Atomic Structures of the Molecular Components in DNA and RNA based on Bond Lengths as Sums of Atomic Radii	The interpretation by the author in recent years of bond lengths as sums of the relevant atomic or ionic radii has been extended here to the bonds in the skeletal structures of adenine , guanine , thymine , cytosine , uracil , ribose , deoxyribose and phosphoric acid . On examining the bond length data in the literature , it has been found that the averages of the bond lengths are close to the sums of the corresponding atomic covalent radii of carbon , nitrogen , oxygen , hydrogen and phosphorus . Thus , the conventional molecular structures have been resolved here , for the first time , into probable atomic structures .
0708.1276	physics.geo-ph	Seismic Fault Preserving Diffusion	This paper focuses on the denoising and enhancing of 3-D reflection seismic data . We propose a pre-processing step based on a non linear diffusion filtering leading to a better detection of seismic faults . The non linear diffusion approaches are based on the definition of a partial differential equation that allows us to simplify the images without blurring relevant details or discontinuities . Computing the structure tensor which provides information on the local orientation of the geological layers , we propose to drive the diffusion along these layers using a new approach called SFPD ( Seismic Fault Preserving Diffusion ) . In SFPD , the eigenvalues of the tensor are fixed according to a confidence measure that takes into account the regularity of the local seismic structure . Results on both synthesized and real 3-D blocks show the efficiency of the proposed approach .
0708.1314	physics.optics	Periodic Modulation of Extraordinary Optical Transmission through Subwavelength Hole Arrays using Surrounding Bragg Mirrors	The enhanced light transmission through an array of subwavelength holes surrounded by Bragg mirrors is studied , showing that the mirrors act to confine the surface plasmons associated with the Extraordinary Optical Transmission effect , forming a surface resonant cavity . The overall effect is increased light transmission intensity by more than a factor of three beyond the already enhanced transmission , independent of whether the Bragg mirrors are on the input or the output side of the incident light . The geometry of the Bragg mirror structures controls the enhancement , and can even reduce the transmission in half . By varying these geometric parameters , we were able to periodically modulate the transmission of light for specific wavelengths , consistent with the propagation and interference of surface plasmon waves in a resonant cavity . FDTD simulations and a wave propagation model verify this effect .
0708.1318	physics.optics physics.plasm-ph	Control of the Onset of Filamentation in Condensed Media	Propagation of intense , ultrashort laser pulses through condensed media like crystals of BaF $ _2 $ and sapphire results in the formation of filaments . We demonstrate that the onset of filamentation may be controlled by rotating the plane of polarization of incident light . We directly visualize filamentation in BaF_2 via six-photon absorption-induced fluorescence and , concomitantly , by probing the spectral and spatial properties of white light that is generated .
