0710.1965	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Sestieri of Venice	We have investigated space syntax of Venice by means of random walks . Random walks being defined on an undirected graph establish the Euclidean space in which distances and angles between nodes acquire the clear statistical interpretation . The properties of nodes with respect to random walks allow partitioning the city canal network into disjoint divisions which may be identified with the traditional divisions of the city ( sestieri ) .
0710.1993	physics.flu-dyn cond-mat.other	A turbulent model of torque in von Karman swirling flow	A stochastic model is derived to predict the turbulent torque produced by a swirling flow . It is a simple Langevin process , with a colored noise . Using the unified colored noise approximation , we derive analytically the PDF of the fluctuations of injected power in two forcing regimes : constant angular velocity or constant applied torque . In the limit of small velocity fluctuations and vanishing inertia , we predict that the injected power fluctuates twice less in the case of constant torque than in the case of constant angular velocity forcing . The model is further tested against experimental data in a von Karman device filled with water . It is shown to allow for a parameter-free prediction of the PDF of power fluctuations in the case where the forcing is made at constant torque . A physical interpretation of our model is finally given , using a quasi-linear model of turbulence .
0710.2023	physics.soc-ph	Model of World ; her cities , languages and countries	The time evolution of Earth with her cities , languages and countries is considered in terms of the multiplicative noise and the fragmentation- processes , where the related families , size distributions , lifetimes , bilinguals , etc . are studied . Earlier we treated the cities and the languages differently ( and as connected ; languages split since cities split , etc . ) . Hence , two dis- tributions are obtained in the same computation at the same time . The same approach is followed here and Pareto-Zipf law for the distribution of the cities , log-normal for the languages , decreasing exponential for the city families ( countries ) in the rank order over population , and power law -2 for the language families over the number of languages in rank order are obtained theoretically in this combination for the first time ( up to our knowledge ) in the literature ; all of which are in good agreement with the present empirical data .
0710.2069	physics.optics astro-ph nucl-ex physics.ins-det	The Quest for the Ideal Scintillator for Hybrid Phototubes	In this paper we present the results of extensive studies of scintillators for hybrid phototubes with luminescent screens . The results of the developments of such phototubes with a variety of scintillators are presented . New scintillator materials for such kind of application are discussed . The requirements for scintillators to use in such hybrid phototubes are formulated . It is shown that very fast and highly efficient inorganic scintillators like ZnO : Ga will be ideal scintillators for such kind of application .
0710.2091	physics.plasm-ph	Slow and fast micro-field components in warm and dense hydrogen plasmas	The aim of this work is the investigation of the statistical properties of local electric fields in an ion-electron two component plasmas for coupled conditions . The stochastic fields at a charged or at a neutral point in plasmas involve both slow and fast fluctuation characteristics . The statistical study of these local fields based on a direct time average is done for the first time . For warm and dense plasma conditions , typically $ N_ { e } \approx 10^ { 18 } cm^ { -3 } $ , $ % T_ { e } \approx 1eV $ , well controlled molecular dynamics ( MD ) simulations of neutral hydrogen , protons and electrons have been carried out . Relying on these \textit { ab initio } MD calculations this work focuses on an analysis of the concepts of statistically independent slow and fast local field components , based on the consideration of a time averaged electric field . Large differences are found between the results of these MD simulations and corresponding standard results based on static screened fields . The effects discussed are of importance for physical phenomena connected with stochastic electric field fluctuations , e.g. , for spectral line broadening in dense plasmas .
0710.2094	physics.chem-ph quant-ph	Improving Guess Geminals for the Geminal Mean Field Configuration Interaction Method	The purpose of this letter is to show that a rotation of Hartree-Fock canonical orbitals which minimizes the lowest eigenvalues of a configuration interaction calculation limited to the mono-excitated configurations from a given orbital allows one to construct a better starting guess for the geminal mean field configuration interaction method .
0710.2117	physics.gen-ph	Gravitation in 4D Euclidean Space-Time Geometry	The Euclidean interpretation of special relativity which has been suggested by the author is a formulation of special relativity in ordinary 4D Euclidean space-time geometry . The natural and geometrically intuitive generalization of this view involves variations of the speed of light ( depending on location and direction ) and a Euclidean principle of general covariance . In this article , a gravitation model by Jan Broekaert , which implements a view of relativity theory in the spirit of Lorentz and Poincare , is reconstructed and shown to fulfill the principles of the Euclidean approach after an appropriate reinterpretation .
0710.2155	physics.ed-ph physics.class-ph	Interpreting Recoil For Undergraduate Students	In this paper , I outline some problems in the students ' understanding of the explanation of recoil motion when introduced to them in the context of Newton's third law . I propose to explain the origin of recoil from a microscopic point of view , which emphasizes the exact mechanism leading to recoil . This mechanism differs from one system to another . Several examples that can be easily implemented in the classroom environment are given in this paper . Such a profound understanding of the origin of recoil help students avoid some of the misconceptions that might arise from the phenomenological approach , and stimulates their thinking in the fundamental origins of other physical phenomena .
