0708.0272	physics.optics	Wavelength-scale stationary-wave integrated Fourier-transform spectrometry	Spectrometry is a general physical-analysis approach for investigating light-matter interactions . However , the complex designs of existing spectrometers render them resistant to simplification and miniaturization , both of which are vital for applications in micro- and nanotechnology and which are now undergoing intensive research . Stationary-wave integrated Fourier-transform spectrometry ( SWIFTS ) -an approach based on direct intensity detection of a standing wave resulting from either reflection ( as in the principle of colour photography by Gabriel Lippmann ) or counterpropagative interference phenomenon-is expected to be able to overcome this drawback . Here , we present a SWIFTS-based spectrometer relying on an original optical near-field detection method in which optical nanoprobes are used to sample directly the evanescent standing wave in the waveguide . Combined with integrated optics , we report a way of reducing the volume of the spectrometer to a few hundreds of cubic wavelengths . This is the first attempt , using SWIFTS , to produce a very small integrated one-dimensional spectrometer suitable for applications where microspectrometers are essential .
0708.0282	physics.chem-ph physics.atom-ph	Precise dipole moments and quadrupole coupling constants of the cis and trans conformers of 3-aminophenol : Determination of the absolute conformation	The rotational constants and the nitrogen nuclear quadrupole coupling constants of cis-3-aminophenol and trans-3-aminophenol are determined using Fourier-transform microwave spectroscopy . We examine several $ J=2\leftarrow { } 1 $ and $ 1\leftarrow { } 0 $ hyperfine-resolved rotational transitions for both conformers . The transitions are fit to a rigid rotor Hamiltonian including nuclear quadrupole coupling to account for the nitrogen nucleus . For cis-3-aminophenol we obtain rotational constants of A=3734.930 MHz , B=1823.2095 MHz , and C=1226.493 MHz , for trans-3-aminophenol of A=3730.1676 MHz , B=1828.25774 MHz , and C=1228.1948 MHz . The dipole moments are precisely determined using Stark effect measurements for several hyperfine transitions to $ \mu_a=1.7735 $ D , $ \mu_b=1.5195 $ D for cis-3-aminophenol and $ \mu_a=0.5563 $ D , $ \mu_b=0.5376 $ D for trans-3-aminophenol . Whereas the rotational constants and quadrupole coupling constants do not allow to determinate the absolute configuration of the two conformers , this assignment is straight-forward based on the dipole moments . High-level \emph { ab initio } calculations ( B3LYP/6-31G^* to MP2/aug-cc-pVTZ ) are performed providing error estimates of rotational constants and dipole moments obtained for large molecules by these theoretical methods .
0708.0308	physics.gen-ph	Galaxies : kinematics as a proof of the existence of a universal field of minimum acceleration	Taking into account only luminous objects , the kinematics of clusters of galaxies , galaxies and their interior , require a much higher mass than the luminous one to explain the observations . This situation has provoked more than 30 years of intense research and has stimulated hypothesis like the dark matter . Also new mechanical theories , different from Newton ( like the Modified Newtonian Dynamics ) , have been proposed . We here present an alternative : theoretical and observational data strongly suggest the existence of a universal field of minimum acceleration of the order of c/t , c the speed of light and t the age of the Universe . We keep our reasoning within the present state of the art of Quantum Mechanics , Relativity and Newtonian Mechanics . With this approach the kinematics of the luminous objects are explained without any additional assumption . At the same time the sizes of all structures in the Universe , from protons up to the Universe , are explained as due to the constant action of this field .
0708.0318	physics.data-an	Blind background prediction using a bifurcated analysis scheme	A technique for background prediction using data , but maintaining a closed signal box is described . The result is extended to two background sources . Conditions on the applicability under correlated cuts are described . This technique is applied to both a toy model and an analysis of data from a rare neutral kaon decay experiment .
0708.0330	physics.atom-ph	Sub-Shot-Noise Magnetometry with a Correlated Spin-Relaxation Dominated Alkali-Metal Vapor	Spin noise sets fundamental limits to the precision of measurements using spin-polarized atomic vapors , such as performed with sensitive atomic magnetometers . Spin squeezing offers the possibility to extend the measurement precision beyond the standard quantum limit of uncorrelated atoms . Contrary to the current understanding , we show that even in the presence of spin relaxation , spin squeezing can lead to a significant reduction of spin noise , and hence an increase in magnetometric sensitivity , for a long measurement time . This is the case when correlated spin relaxation due to binary alkali-atom collisions dominates independently acting decoherence processes .
0708.0332	physics.atom-ph	Coherent Dark Resonances in Atomic Barium	The observation of dark-resonances in the two-electron atom barium and their influence on optical cooling is reported . In heavy alkali earth atoms , i.e . barium or radium , optical cooling can be achieved using n^1S_0-n^1P_1 transitions and optical repumping from the low lying n^1D_2 and n^3D_ { 1,2 } states to which the atoms decay with a high branching ratio . The cooling and repumping transition have a common upper state . This leads to dark resonances and hence make optical cooling less inefficient . The experimental observations can be accurately modelled by the optical Bloch equations . Comparison with experimental results allows us to extract relevant parameters for effective laser cooling of barium .
0708.0341	physics.atm-clus physics.chem-ph	Time-dependent density functional theory calculation of van der Waals coefficient of sodium clusters	In this paper we employ all-electron \textit { ab-initio } time-dependent density functional theory based method to calculate the long range dipole-dipole dispersion coefficient ( van der Waals coefficient ) $ C_ { 6 } $ of sodium atom clusters containing even number of atoms ranging from 2 to 20 atoms . The dispersion coefficients are obtained via Casimir-Polder relation . The calculations are carried out with two different exchange-correlation potentials : ( i ) the asymptotically correct statistical average of orbital potential ( SAOP ) and ( ii ) Vosko-Wilk-Nusair representation of exchange-correlation potential within local density approximation . A comparison with the other theoretical results has been performed . We also present the results for the static polarizabilities of sodium clusters and also compare them with other theoretical and experimental results . These comparisons reveal that the SAOP results for C_ { 6 } and static polarizability are quite accurate and very close to the experimental results . We examine the relationship between volume of the cluster and van der Waals coefficient and find that to a very high degree of correlation C_ { 6 } scales as square of the volume . We also present the results for van der Waals coefficient corresponding to cluster-Ar atom and cluster-N_ { 2 } molecule interactions .
0708.0368	physics.soc-ph	Dynamics of Opinions and Social Structures	Social groups with widely different music tastes , political convictions , and religious beliefs emerge and disappear on scales from extreme subcultures to mainstream mass-cultures . Both the underlying social structure and the formation of opinions are dynamic and changes in one affect the other . Several positive feedback mechanisms have been proposed to drive the diversity in social and economic systems , but little effort has been devoted to pinpoint the interplay between a dynamically changing social network and the spread and gathering of information on the network . Here we analyze this phenomenon in terms of a social network-model that explicitly simulates the feedback between information assembly and emergence of social structures : changing beliefs are coupled to changing relationships because agents self-organize a dynamic network to facilitate their hunter-gatherer behavior in information space . Our analysis demonstrates that tribal organizations and modular social networks can emerge as a result of contact-seeking agents that reinforce their beliefs among like-minded . We also find that prestigious persons can streamline the social network into hierarchical structures around themselves .
0708.0409	physics.gen-ph physics.plasm-ph	Analytical form of current-voltage characteristic of parallel-plane , cylindrical and spherical ionization chambers with homogeneous ionization	The elementary processes taking place in the formation of charged particles and their flow in parallel-plane , cylindrical and spherical ionization chambers are considered . On the basis of particles and charges balance a differential equation describing the distribution of current densities in the ionization chamber volume is obtained . As a result of the differential equation solution an analytical form of the current-voltage characteristic of an ionization chamber with homogeneous ionization is obtained . For the parallel-plane case the comparison with experimental data is performed .
0708.0427	physics.hist-ph	Time Cycles in Indian Cosmology	In this article we review some key time cycles in ancient Indian astronomy , especially those that have emerged from researches in the past couple of decades expressing knowledge of the changing frame of earth 's axis . The article also briefly reviews the philosophy related to the interconnection between the inner and the outer cosmos that was used in the analytical narrative related to this astronomy .
0708.0435	physics.gen-ph	Perfect Structure of the Special Relativity , Superluminal , Neutrino-Photon Mass and New Entangled Interaction	First , some superluminal phenomena and experiments are introduced briefly . Next , based on the basic principles of the special relativity , the Lorentz transformation ( LT ) with smaller velocity and the general Lorentz transformation ( GLT ) with larger velocity should be derived simultaneously by the classification of the timelike and the spacelike intervals . In deriving LT , an additional independent hypothesis has been used , thus the values of velocity are restricted absolutely , and the spacelike interval is excluded . LT and GLT are connected by the de Broglie relation . The fundamental properties of any four-vector and the strange characteristic which these tachyons should possess are described . The various superluminal transformations are discussed . Further , we think that LT is unsuitable for photon and neutrino , the photon transformation ( PT ) is unified for space and time . It may reasonably overcome some existing difficulties , and can not restrict that the rest mass of photon and neutrino must be zero . LT , GLT and PT together form a complete structure of the Lorentz group . Finally , we discuss that new experiments on the quantum entangled state shown some characters , for example , coherency , nonlocality , quantum teleportation and superluminal . Further , it should be a new fifth interaction , and may probably apply GLT .
