0707.3203	physics.geo-ph astro-ph hep-ph nucl-ex nucl-th	Geo-neutrinos and Earth 's interior	The deepest hole that has ever been dug is about 12 km deep . Geochemists analyze samples from the Earth 's crust and from the top of the mantle . Seismology can reconstruct the density profile throughout all Earth , but not its composition . In this respect , our planet is mainly unexplored . Geo-neutrinos , the antineutrinos from the progenies of U , Th and K40 decays in the Earth , bring to the surface information from the whole planet , concerning its content of natural radioactive elements . Their detection can shed light on the sources of the terrestrial heat flow , on the present composition , and on the origins of the Earth . Geo-neutrinos represent a new probe of our planet , which can be exploited as a consequence of two fundamental advances that occurred in the last few years : the development of extremely low background neutrino detectors and the progress on understanding neutrino propagation . We review the status and the prospects of the field .
0707.3299	physics.gen-ph	Random Shooting of Entangled Particles in Vacuum	The effect of random shooting of particles is considered on the basis of solution of the Schrodinger equation and in terms of the Wigner function . Two-particles description shows , in particular , that initial correlation leads to high velocities of particles . This could be a potential mechanism for obtaining energy . Evolution of the n-particle probability distribution is descibed analytically .
0707.3325	physics.optics physics.ins-det	Haptic Manipulation of Microspheres Using Optical Tweezers Under the Guidance of Artificial Force Fields	Using optical tweezers and a haptic device , microspheres having diameters ranging from 3 to 4 um ( floating in a fluid solution ) are manipulated in order to form patterns of coupled optical microresonators by assembling the spheres via chemical binding . For this purpose , biotin-coated microspheres trapped by a laser beam are steered and chemically attached to an immobilized streptavidin-coated sphere ( i.e . anchor sphere ) one by one using an XYZ piezo scanner controlled by a haptic device . The positions of all spheres in the scene are detected using a CCD camera and a collision-free path for each manipulated sphere is generated using the potential field approach . The forces acting on the manipulated particle due to the viscosity of the fluid and the artificial potential field are scaled and displayed to the user through the haptic device for better guidance and control during steering . In addition , a virtual fixture is implemented such that the desired angle of approach and strength are achieved during the binding phase . Our experimental studies in virtual and real environments with 8 human subjects show that haptic feedback significantly improves the user performance by reducing the task completion time , the number of undesired collisions during steering , and the positional errors during binding . To our knowledge , this is the first time that a haptic device is coupled with OT to guide the user during an optical manipulation task involving steering and assembly of microspheres to construct a coupled microresonator .
0707.3351	physics.gen-ph	Reflections and Thoughts on Tired Light	The position of the various tired light theories is reviewed briefly and it is noted that one of the biggest objections to them concerns the mechanism by which light might lose energy as it travels through space . Here some new work relating to the constancy of the speed of light is highlighted as providing a possible solution to this conundrum , thus making more feasible explanation of phenomena via theories involving the notion of tired light .
0707.3374	physics.flu-dyn	Decomposition driven interface evolution for layers of binary mixtures : I . Model derivation and stratified base states	A dynamical model is proposed to describe the coupled decomposition and profile evolution of a free surface film of a binary mixture . An example is a thin film of a polymer blend on a solid substrate undergoing simultaneous phase separation and dewetting . The model is based on model-H describing the coupled transport of the mass of one component ( convective Cahn-Hilliard equation ) and momentum ( Navier-Stokes-Korteweg equations ) supplemented by appropriate boundary conditions at the solid substrate and the free surface . General transport equations are derived using phenomenological non-equilibrium thermodynamics for a general non-isothermal setting taking into account Soret and Dufour effects and interfacial viscosity for the internal diffuse interface between the two components . Focusing on an isothermal setting the resulting model is compared to literature results and its base states corresponding to homogeneous or vertically stratified flat layers are analysed .
0707.3388	physics.pop-ph physics.soc-ph	Complex Networks in and beyond Physics	Physicists study a wide variety of phenomena creating new interdisciplinary research fields by applying theories and methods originally developed in physics in order to solve problems in economics , social science , biology , medicine , technology , etc . In their turn , these different branches of science inspire the invention of new concepts in physics . A basic tool of analysis , in such a context , is the mathematical theory of complexity concerned with the study of complex systems including human economies , climate , nervous systems , cells and living things , including human beings , as well as modern energy or communication infrastructures which are all networks of some kind . Recently , complexity has become a natural domain of interest of the real world socio-cognitive systems , linguistics , and emerging systemics research . The phenomena to be studied and understood arise from neither the physical laws nor the abstraction of mathematics . The challenge is to discern and formulate plausible mathematical structures to describe problems that represent vague human goals .
0707.3399	physics.space-ph math-ph math.MP nlin.CD	Nonlinear analysis of a simple model of temperature evolution in a satellite	We analyse a simple model of the heat transfer to and from a small satellite orbiting round a solar system planet . Our approach considers the satellite isothermal , with external heat input from the environment and from internal energy dissipation , and output to the environment as black-body radiation . The resulting nonlinear ordinary differential equation for the satellite's temperature is analysed by qualitative , perturbation and numerical methods , which show that the temperature approaches a periodic pattern ( attracting limit cycle ) . This approach can occur in two ways , according to the values of the parameters : ( i ) a slow decay towards the limit cycle over a time longer than the period , or ( ii ) a fast decay towards the limit cycle over a time shorter than the period . In the first case , an exactly soluble average equation is valid . We discuss the consequences of our model for the thermal stability of satellites .
0707.3400	physics.hist-ph quant-ph	The Physics of Maxwell 's demon and information	Maxwell 's demon was born in 1867 and still thrives in modern physics . He plays important roles in clarifying the connections between two theories : thermodynamics and information . Here , we present the history of the demon and a variety of interesting consequences of the second law of thermodynamics , mainly in quantum mechanics , but also in the theory of gravity . We also highlight some of the recent work that explores the role of information , illuminated by Maxwell 's demon , in the arena of quantum information theory .
0707.3402	physics.data-an physics.gen-ph	Synchronized Collective Behavior via Low-cost Communication	An important natural phenomenon surfaces that satisfactory synchronization of self-driven particles can be achieved via sharply reduced communication cost , especially for high density particle groups with low external noise . Statistical numerical evidence illustrates that a highly efficient manner is to distribute the communication messages as evenly as possible along the whole dynamic process , since it minimizes the communication redundancy . More surprisingly , it is discovered that there exist some abnormal regions where moderately decreasing the communication cost can even improve the synchronization performance . A phase diagram on the noise-density parameter space is given , where the dynamical behaviors can be divided into three qualitatively different phases : normal phase where better synchronization corresponds to higher communication cost , abnormal phase where moderately decreasing communication cost could even improve the synchronization , and the disordered phase where no coherence among individuals is observed .
0707.3421	physics.gen-ph	The nature of electromagnetic energy	The nature of the electromagnetic ( EM ) energy for general charge and current distributions is analyzed . There are two well known forms for calculating EM energy as the integral over all space of either the electromagnetic fields : $ u_ { \bf EB } = ( { \bf E\bcdot D+B\bcdot H } ) /8\pi $ , or the electromagnetic potentials and charge-current densities : $ u_ { \rho { \bf A } } =1/2 ( \rho\phi+ { \bf j\bcdot A } ) $ . We discuss the appropriate use of each of these forms in calculating the total EM energy and the EM energy within a limited volume . We conclude that only the form $ u_ { \bf EB } $ can be considered as a suitable EM energy density , while either form can be integrated to find the total EM energy . However , bounding surface integrals ( if they do n't vanish ) must be included when using the $ u_ { \bf EB } $ form . Including these surface integrals resolves some seeming paradoxes in the energy of electric or magnetic dipoles in uniform fields
0707.3428	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech	Effects of noise and confidence thresholds in nominal and metric Axelrod dynamics of social influence	We study the effects of bounded confidence thresholds and of interaction and external noise on Axelrod 's model of social influence . Our study is based on a combination of numerical simulations and an integration of the mean-field Master equation describing the system in the thermodynamic limit . We find that interaction thresholds affect the system only quantitatively , but that they do not alter the basic phase structure . The known crossover between an ordered and a disordered state in finite systems subject to external noise persists in models with general confidence threshold . Interaction noise here facilitates the dynamics and reduces relaxation times . We also study Axelrod systems with metric features , and point out similarities and differences compared to models with nominal features . Metric features are used to demonstrate that a small group of extremists can have a significant impact on the opinion dynamics of a population of Axelrod agents .
0707.3455	physics.med-ph	Posture-Dependent Human 3He Lung Imaging in an Open Access MRI System : Initial Results	The human lung and its functions are extremely sensitive to orientation and posture , and debate continues as to the role of gravity and the surrounding anatomy in determining lung function and heterogeneity of perfusion and ventilation . However , study of these effects is difficult . The conventional high-field magnets used for most hyperpolarized 3He MRI of the human lung , and most other common radiological imaging modalities including PET and CT , restrict subjects to lying horizontally , minimizing most gravitational effects . In this paper , we briefly review the motivation for posture-dependent studies of human lung function , and present initial imaging results of human lungs in the supine and vertical body orientations using inhaled hyperpolarized 3He gas and an open-access MRI instrument . The open geometry of this MRI system features a `` walk-in '' capability that permits subjects to be imaged in vertical and horizontal positions , and potentially allows for complete rotation of the orientation of the imaging subject in a two-dimensional plane . Initial results include two-dimensional lung images acquired with ~ 4 mm in-plane resolution and three-dimensional images with ~ 1.5 cm slice thickness . Effects of posture variation are observed .
