0704.0686	physics.soc-ph	Statistical analysis of weighted networks	The purpose of this paper is to assess the statistical characterization of weighted networks in terms of the generalization of the relevant parameters , namely average path length , degree distribution and clustering coefficient . Although the degree distribution and the average path length admit straightforward generalizations , for the clustering coefficient several different definitions have been proposed in the literature . We examined the different definitions and identified the similarities and differences between them . In order to elucidate the significance of different definitions of the weighted clustering coefficient , we studied their dependence on the weights of the connections . For this purpose , we introduce the relative perturbation norm of the weights as an index to assess the weight distribution . This study revealed new interesting statistical regularities in terms of the relative perturbation norm useful for the statistical characterization of weighted graphs .
0704.0691	physics.soc-ph	Birth , survival and death of languages by Monte Carlo simulation	Simulations of physicists for the competition between adult languages since 2003 are reviewed . How many languages are spoken by how many people ? How many languages are contained in various language families ? How do language similarities decay with geographical distance , and what effects do natural boundaries have ? New simulations of bilinguality are given in an appendix .
0704.0699	physics.chem-ph	Thermal decomposition of norbornane ( bicyclo [ 2.2.1 ] heptane ) dissolved in benzene . Experimental study and mechanism investigation	The thermal decomposition of norbornane ( dissolved in benzene ) has been studied in a jet stirred reactor at temperatures between 873 and 973 K , at residence times ranging from 1 to 4 s and at atmospheric pressure , leading to conversions from 0.04 to 22.6 % . 25 reaction products were identified and quantified by gas chromatography , amongst which the main ones are hydrogen , ethylene and 1,3-cyclopentadiene . A mechanism investigation of the thermal decomposition of the norbornane - benzene binary mixture has been performed . Reactions involved in the mechanism have been reviewed : unimolecular initiations 1 by C-C bond scission of norbornane , fate of the generated diradicals , reactions of transfer and propagation of norbornyl radicals , reactions of benzene and cross-coupling reactions .
0704.0700	physics.chem-ph	Detailed kinetic study of the ring opening of cycloalkanes by CBS-QB3 calculations	This work reports a theoretical study of the gas phase unimolecular decomposition of cyclobutane , cyclopentane and cyclohexane by means of quantum chemical calculations . A biradical mechanism has been envisaged for each cycloalkane , and the main routes for the decomposition of the biradicals formed have been investigated at the CBS-QB3 level of theory . Thermochemical data ( \delta H^0_f , S^0 , C^0_p ) for all the involved species have been obtained by means of isodesmic reactions . The contribution of hindered rotors has also been included . Activation barriers of each reaction have been analyzed to assess the 1 energetically most favorable pathways for the decomposition of biradicals . Rate constants have been derived for all elementary reactions using transition state theory at 1 atm and temperatures ranging from 600 to 2000 K. Global rate constant for the decomposition of the cyclic alkanes in molecular products have been calculated . Comparison between calculated and experimental results allowed to validate the theoretical approach . An important result is that the rotational barriers between the conformers , which are usually neglected , are of importance in decomposition rate of the largest biradicals . Ring strain energies ( RSE ) in transition states for ring opening have been estimated and show that the main part of RSE contained in the cyclic reactants is removed upon the activation process .
0704.0701	physics.optics	On thermal effects in solid state lasers : the case of ytterbium-doped materials	A review of theoretical and experimental studies of thermal effects in solid-state lasers is presented , with a special focus on diode-pumped ytterbium-doped materials . A large part of this review provides however general information applicable to any kind of solid-state laser . Our aim here is not to make a list of the techniques that have been used to minimize thermal effects , but instead to give an overview of the theoretical aspects underneath , and give a state-of-the-art of the tools at the disposal of the laser scientist to measure thermal effects . After a presentation of some general properties of Yb-doped materials , we address the issue of evaluating the temperature map in Yb-doped laser crystals , both theoretically and experimentally . This is the first step before studying the complex problem of thermal lensing ( part III ) . We will focus on some newly discussed aspects , like the definition of the thermo-optic coefficient : we will highlight some misleading interpretations of thermal lensing experiments due to the use of the dn/dT parameter in a context where it is not relevant . Part IV will be devoted to a state-of-the-art of experimental techniques used to measure thermal lensing . Eventually , in part V , we will give some concrete examples in Yb-doped materials , where their peculiarities will be pointed out .
0704.0703	physics.optics	Transient behavior of surface plasmon polaritons scattered at a subwavelength groove	We present a numerical study and analytical model of the optical near-field diffracted in the vicinity of subwavelength grooves milled in silver surfaces . The Green 's tensor approach permits computation of the phase and amplitude dependence of the diffracted wave as a function of the groove geometry . It is shown that the field diffracted along the interface by the groove is equivalent to replacing the groove by an oscillating dipolar line source . An analytic expression is derived from the Green 's function formalism , that reproduces well the asymptotic surface plasmon polariton ( SPP ) wave as well as the transient surface wave in the near-zone close to the groove . The agreement between this model and the full simulation is very good , showing that the transient '' near-zone '' regime does not depend on the precise shape of the groove . Finally , it is shown that a composite diffractive evanescent wave model that includes the asymptotic SPP can describe the wavelength evolution in this transient near-zone . Such a semi-analytical model may be useful for the design and optimization of more elaborate photonic circuits whose behavior in large part will be controlled by surface waves .
0704.0712	physics.atom-ph	Interference effects in above-threshold ionization from diatomic molecules : determining the internuclear separation	We calculate angle-resolved above-threshold ionization spectra for diatomic molecules in linearly polarized laser fields , employing the strong-field approximation . The interference structure resulting from the individual contributions of the different scattering scenarios is discussed in detail , with respect to the dependence on the internuclear distance and molecular orientation . We show that , in general , the contributions from the processes in which the electron is freed at one center and rescatters off the other obscure the interference maxima and minima obtained from single-center processes . However , around the boundary of the energy regions for which rescattering has a classical counterpart , such processes play a negligible role and very clear interference patterns are observed . In such energy regions , one is able to infer the internuclear distance from the energy difference between adjacent interference minima .
0704.0725	physics.optics physics.class-ph	On the dragging of light by a rotating medium	When light is passing through a rotating medium the optical polarisation is rotated . Recently it has been reasoned that this rotation applies also to the transmitted image ( Padgett et al . 2006 ) . We examine these two phenomena by extending an analysis of Player ( 1976 ) to general electromagnetic fields . We find that in this more general case the wave equation inside the rotating medium has to be amended by a term which is connected to the orbital angular momentum of the light . We show that optical spin and orbital angular momentum account respectively for the rotation of the polarisation and the rotation of the transmitted image .
0704.0726	physics.data-an	Long-range correlation and multifractality in Bach 's Inventions pitches	We show that it can be considered some of Bach pitches series as a stochastic process with scaling behavior . Using multifractal deterend fluctuation analysis ( MF-DFA ) method , frequency series of Bach pitches have been analyzed . In this view we find same second moment exponents ( after double profiling ) in ranges ( 1.7-1.8 ) in his works . Comparing MF-DFA results of original series to those for shuffled and surrogate series we can distinguish multifractality due to long-range correlations and a broad probability density function . Finally we determine the scaling exponents and singularity spectrum . We conclude fat tail has more effect in its multifractality nature than long-range correlations .
0704.0818	physics.plasm-ph physics.space-ph	Two-scale structure of the electron dissipation region during collisionless magnetic reconnection	Particle in cell ( PIC ) simulations of collisionless magnetic reconnection are presented that demonstrate that the electron dissipation region develops a distinct two-scale structure along the outflow direction . The length of the electron current layer is found to decrease with decreasing electron mass , approaching the ion inertial length for a proton-electron plasma . A surprise , however , is that the electrons form a high-velocity outflow jet that remains decoupled from the magnetic field and extends large distances downstream from the x-line . The rate of reconnection remains fast in very large systems , independent of boundary conditions and the mass of electrons .
0704.0820	physics.optics	Coupling of whispering-gallery modes in size-mismatched microdisk photonic molecules	Mechanisms of whispering-gallery ( WG ) modes coupling in microdisk photonic molecules ( PMs ) with slight and significant size mismatch are numerically investigated . The results reveal two different scenarios of modes interaction depending on the degree of this mismatch and offer new insight into how PM parameters can be tuned to control and modify WG-modes wavelengths and Q-factors . From a practical point of view , these findings offer a way to fabricate PM microlaser structures that exhibit low thresholds and directional emission , and at the same time are more tolerant to fabrication errors than previously explored coupled-cavity structures composed of identical microresonators .
