0708.2322	physics.gen-ph	Zero	You shall not find any new physics , because all physical events are interpreted well-known particles ( leptons , quarks , photons , gluons , W-bosons , Z-boson ) and forces which have long known ( electroweak , gravity , strong interactions ) . Contents : 1 . Pointlike events and probability . 2 . Leptons ' moving equations and masses . 3 . Fermion-antifermion asommetry . 4 . Electroweak equations . 5 . Chromatic states and gluons . 6 . Asimptotic freedom , confinement , Newton's gravity . 7 . Dark energy and dark matter . 8 . Events and particles . 9 . Conclusion .
0708.2335	physics.optics	2D shift of the centre of gravity of the light beam carrying orbital angular momentum , which accompanies reflection from a lossy medium	It is shown that after reflection from a lossy medium the $ s $ - or $ p $ -polarized paraxial light beam carrying the orbital angular momentum suffers the 2D shift of the beam 's centre of gravity relative the geometric optic axis . The mutually orthogonal components of this shift are expressed through the real and imaginary parts of the common complex quantity . The features of the 2D vector , which describes the shift , are analyzed .
0708.2344	physics.ins-det	Developments and the preliminary tests of Resistive GEMs manufactured by a screen printing technology	We report promising initial results obtained with new resistive-electrode GEM ( RETGEM ) detectors manufactured , for the first time , using screen printing technology . These new detectors allow one to reach gas gains nearly as high as with ordinary GEM-like detectors with metallic electrodes ; however , due to the high resistivity of its electrodes the RETGEM , in contrast to ordinary hole-type detectors , has the advantage of being fully spark protected . We discovered that RETGEMs can operate stably and at high gains in noble gases and in other badly quenched gases , such as mixtures of noble gases with air and in pure air ; therefore , a wide range of practical applications , including dosimetry and detection of dangerous gases , is foreseeable . To promote a better understanding of RETGEM technology some comparative studies were completed with metallic-electrode thick GEMs . A primary benefit of these new RETGEMs is that the screen printing technology is easily accessible to many research laboratories . This accessibility encourages the possibility to manufacture these GEM-like detectors with the electrode resistivity easily optimized for particular experimental or practical applications .
0708.2346	physics.chem-ph physics.comp-ph	Apparent density fluctuations in N-constant ensemble simulations	In computer simulations performed in constant number of particles ensembles , although the total number of particles N contained in the simulation box does not fluctuate , hence giving a zero apparent compressibility , there are still local fluctuations in the number of particles . It is shown herein that these apparent fluctuations produce a compressibility that can be computed from the calculated radial distribution function , and which matches to a great accuracy the compressibility of the fluid for the open system . This statement implies that the radial distribution function evaluated in simulation of constant number of particles is identical to that evaluated in the grand canonical ensemble , for the entire distance range within half-box width . This is illustrated for the hard sphere and Lennard-Jones fluids and for molecular models of water . The origin of this apparent fluctuation is that the bulk of the remaining particles , outside the range over which the distribution function is calculated , act as a reservoir of particles for those within this range , thanks to the periodic boundary conditions . The implications on the calculation of the Kirkwood-Buff integrals are discussed .
0708.2370	physics.ins-det astro-ph hep-ex	Observation of the 'head-tail ' effect in nuclear recoils of low-energy neutrons	Directional detection of dark matter can provide unambiguous observation of dark matter interactions even in the presence of background . This article presents an experimental method to measure the direction tag ( `` head-tail '' ) of the dark matter wind by detecting the scintillation light created by the elastic nuclear recoils in the scattering of dark matter particles with the detector material . The technique is demonstrated by tagging the direction of the nuclear recoils created in the scattering of low-energy neutrons with CF4 in a low-pressure time-projection chamber that is developed by the DMTPC collaboration . The measurement of the decreasing ionization rate along the recoil trajectory provides the direction tag of the incoming neutrons , and proves that the `` head-tail '' effect can be observed .
0708.2387	physics.space-ph physics.geo-ph	Orbit determination for next generation space clocks	Over the last decade of the 20th century and the first few years of the 21st , the uncertainty of atomic clocks has decreased by about two orders of magnitude , passing from the low 10^-14 to below 10^-16 , in relative frequency . Space applications in fundamental physics , geodesy , time/frequency metrology , navigation etc ... are among the most promising for this new generation of clocks . Onboard terrestrial or solar system satellites , their exceptional frequency stability and accuracy makes them a prime tool to test the fundamental laws of nature , and to study gravitational potentials and their evolution . In this paper , we study in more detail the requirements on orbitography compatible with operation of next generation space clocks at the required uncertainty based on a completely relativistic model . Using the ACES ( Atomic Clock Ensemble in Space ) mission as an example , we show that the required accuracy goal can be reached with relatively modest constraints on the orbitography of the space clock , much less stringent than expected from `` naive '' estimates . Our results are generic to all space clocks and represent a significant step towards the generalised use of next generation space clocks in fundamental physics , geodesy , and time/frequency metrology .
0708.2410	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	How to become a superhero	We analyze a collaboration network based on the Marvel Universe comic books . First , we consider the system as a binary network , where two characters are connected if they appear in the same publication . The analysis of degree correlations reveals that , in contrast to most real social networks , the Marvel Universe presents a disassortative mixing on the degree . Then , we use a weight measure to study the system as a weighted network . This allows us to find and characterize well defined communities . Through the analysis of the community structure and the clustering as a function of the degree we show that the network presents a hierarchical structure . Finally , we comment on possible mechanisms responsible for the particular motifs observed .
0708.2417	physics.flu-dyn	Induced-charge Electrophoresis of Metallo-dielectric Particles	The application of AC electric fields in aqueous suspensions of anisotropic particles leads to unbalanced liquid flows and nonlinear , induced-charge electrophoretic ( ICEP ) motion . We report experimental observations of the motion of `` Janus '' microparticles with one dielectric and one metal-coated hemisphere induced by uniform fields of frequency 100 Hz - 10 kHz in NaCl solutions . The motion is perpendicular to the field axis and persists after particles are attracted to a glass wall . This phenomenon may find applications in microactuators , microsensors , and microfluidic devices .
0708.2447	physics.plasm-ph	Electromagnetic pulse reflection at self-generated plasma mirrors : laser pulse shaping and high order harmonic generation	A thin layer of overdense plasma is created when an electromagnetic pulse interacts with a rapidly ionizing thin foil . This layer will reflect the incoming pulse , forming a so-called plasma mirror . A simple realistic model based on paired kinetic and wave equations is used to describe analytically the process of mirror formation and the reflection and transmission of the incident pulse . The model incorporates the exact description of the ionization process in the foil and the polarization and conduction currents that follow . The analytical description of the reflected and transmitted pulses as well as their dependence on foil parameters , and initial pulse amplitude and form are presented . Possible application and effectiveness of this process to improve laser pulse contrast are discussed . In the case of the linearly polarized incident pulse , there harmonic generation occurs , that is absent in the case of the circular polarization . The spectra of the reflected pulses for different initial forms and amplitudes are studied .
0708.2458	physics.gen-ph physics.class-ph	Chkareuli-Froggatt-Nielsen Theorem and Photon Mass	We analyze there is a relation between fossil charge and the mass of photon based on Chkareuli-Froggatt-Nielsen Theorem and Proca Lagrangian . As generally known , massive photon will lead to Lorentz non-invariance field theory .
