0711.3507	physics.acc-ph physics.plasm-ph	Monoenergetic proton beams accelerated by circularly polarized laser with thin solid foils	The acceleration of ions in the interaction of circular polarized laser pulses with overdense plasmas is investigated . For circular polarization laser pulses , the quasi-equilibrium for electrons is established due to the light pressure and the electrostatic field built up at the interacting front of the laser pulse . The ions located within the skin-depth of the laser pulse can be synchronously accelerated and bunched in the charge couple processes by the electrostatic field , and thereby monoenergetic and high intensity proton beam can be generated . The dynamics equations for accelerated ions are deduced and proved by particle-in-cell simulations .
0711.3527	physics.pop-ph cond-mat.soft physics.bio-ph q-bio.BM	Icosadeltahedral geometry of fullerenes , viruses and geodesic domes	I discuss the symmetry of fullerenes , viruses and geodesic domes within a unified framework of icosadeltahedral representation of these objects . The icosadeltahedral symmetry is explained in details by examination of all of these structures . Using Euler 's theorem on polyhedra , it is shown how to calculate the number of vertices , edges , and faces in domes , and number of atoms , bonds and pentagonal and hexagonal rings in fullerenes . Caspar-Klug classification of viruses is elaborated as a specific case of icosadeltahedral geometry .
0711.3561	physics.ins-det	Radiation Hardness Studies in a CCD with High-Speed Column Parallel Readout	Charge Coupled Devices ( CCDs ) have been successfully used in several high energy physics experiments over the past two decades . Their high spatial resolution and thin sensitive layers make them an excellent tool for studying short-lived particles . The Linear Collider Flavour Identification ( LCFI ) collaboration is developing Column-Parallel CCDs ( CPCCDs ) for the vertex detector of the International Linear Collider ( ILC ) . The CPCCDs can be read out many times faster than standard CCDs , significantly increasing their operating speed . The results of detailed simulations of the charge transfer inefficiency ( CTI ) of a prototype CPCCD are reported and studies of the influence of gate voltage on the CTI described . The effects of bulk radiation damage on the CTI of a CPCCD are studied by simulating the effects of two electron trap levels , 0.17 and 0.44 eV , at different concentrations and operating temperatures . The dependence of the CTI on different occupancy levels ( percentage of hit pixels ) and readout frequencies is also studied . The optimal operating temperature for the CPCCD , where the effects of the charge trapping are at a minimum , is found to be about 230 K for the range of readout speeds proposed for the ILC . The results of the full simulation have been compared with a simple analytic model .
0711.3570	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	Phase Transitions of the First Kind as Radiation Processes	Crystallization and vapor condensation are considered as processes of sequential entering of single atoms/molecules into condensate . The latent heat can be carry away by radiation of characteristic frequencies generated in the course of transition . The estimated dependences of latent ( radiated ) energy of boiling on temperature confirm and prove the well-known empirical Trouton's rule applicable to many simple substances . It leads to the estimation of interrelation of critical parameters of corresponding substances . Experimental results of the authors and other researchers concerning crystallization from the melt of different substances ( alkali halides , sapphire , tellurium , ice , copper ) are presented , as well as condensation of water vapor , the correspondence to the offered model is established . It allows developing of the spectroscopy of phase transitions , and can lead to control of crystallization process , to crystallization stimulated by the characteristic radiation , etc . Formation of clouds in our atmosphere should be accompanied by characteristic radiation detectable for meteorological warnings .
0711.3582	physics.gen-ph	Mathematical model for fractal manifold	We have built a new kind of manifolds which leads to an alternative new geometrical space . The study of the nowhere differentiable functions via a family of mean functions leads to a new characterization of this category of functions . A fluctuant manifold has been built with an appearance of a new structure on it at every scale , and we embedded into it an internal structure to transform its fluctuant geometry to a new fixed geometry . This approach leads us to what we call fractal manifold . The elements of this kind of manifold appear locally as tiny double strings , with an appearance of new structure at every step of approximation . We have obtained a variable dimensional space which is locally neither a continuum nor a discrete , but a mixture of both . Space acquires a variable geometry , it becomes explicitly dependent on the approximation process , and the geometry on it assumed to be characterized not only by curvature , but also by the appearance of new structure at every step of approximation .
0711.3592	physics.ins-det	Characterization of large area photomultipliers and its application to dark matter search with noble liquid detectors	There is growing interest in the use of noble liquid detectors to study particle properties and search for new phenomena . In particular , they are extremely suitable for performing direct searches for dark matter . In this kind of experiments , the light produced after an interaction within the sensitive volume is usually read-out by photomultipliers . The need to go to masses in the tonne scale to explore deeper regions of the parameter space , calls for the use of large area photomultipliers . In this paper we address the need to perform laboratory calibration measurements of these large photomultipliers , in particular to characterize its behaviour at cryogenic temperatures where no reference from the manufacturer is available . We present comparative tests of phototubes from two companies . The tests are performed in conditions similar to those of operation in a real experiment . Measurements of the most relevant phototube parameters ( quantum efficiency , gain , linearity , etc . ) both at room and liquid Argon temperatures are reported . The results show that the studied phototubes comply with the stringent requirements posed by current dark matter searches performed with noble-liquid detectors .
0711.3615	physics.soc-ph	Urban segregation with cheap and expensive residences	In this paper we study urban segregation of two different communities A and B , poor and rich , distributed randomly on finite samples , to check cheap and expensive residences . For this purpose we avoid the complications of the Schelling model which are not necessary and instead we use the Ising model on 500 x 500 square lattice , which give similar results , with random magnetic field at lower and higher temperatures ( kT/J = 2.0 , 99.0 ) in finite times equal to 40 , 400 , 4000 and 40,000 . This random-field Ising magnet is a suitable model , where each site of the square lattice carries a magnetic field h which is randomly up ( expensive ) or down ( cheap ) . The resulting addition to the energy prefers up spins on the expensive and down spins on the cheap sites . Our simulations were carried out using a 50-lines FORTRAN program . We present at a lower temperature ( 2.0 ) a time series of pictures , separating growing from non-growing domains . A small random field ( h = +- 0.1 ) allows for large domains , while a large random field ( h = +- 0.9 ) allows only small clusters . At higher temperature ( 99.0 ) we could not obtain growing domains .
0711.3624	physics.ins-det	A C-13 ( alpha , n ) O-16 calibration source for KamLAND	We report on the construction and performance of a calibration source for KamLAND using the reaction C-13 ( alpha , n ) O-16 with Po-210 as the alpha progenitor . The source provides a direct measurement of this background reaction in our detector , high energy calibration points for the detector energy scale , and data on quenching of the neutron visible energy in KamLAND scintillator . We also discuss the possibility of using the reaction C-13 ( alpha , n ) O-16 as a source of tagged slow neutrons .
0711.3630	physics.data-an	Prior-predictive value from fast growth simulations	Building on a variant of the Jarzynski equation we propose a new method to numerically determine the prior-predictive value in a Bayesian inference problem . The method generalizes thermodynamic integration and is not hampered by equilibration problems . We demonstrate its operation by applying it to two simple examples and elucidate its performance . In the case of multi-modal posterior distributions the performance is superior to thermodynamic integration .
0711.3649	physics.optics physics.chem-ph	Plasmon spectra of nanospheres under a tightly focused beam	We study the modification of the far-field cross sections and the near-field enhancement for gold and silver nanospheres illuminated by a tightly focused beam . Using a multipole-expansion approach we obtain an analytical solution to the scattering problem and provide insight on the effects of focusing on the optical response . Large differences with respect to Mie theory are found especially when the nanoparticle supports quadrupole or higher-order resonances .
