0705.3248	physics.data-an q-fin.ST	On a generalised model for time-dependent variance with long-term memory	The ARCH process ( R. F. Engle , 1982 ) constitutes a paradigmatic generator of stochastic time series with time-dependent variance like it appears on a wide broad of systems besides economics in which ARCH was born . Although the ARCH process captures the so-called `` volatility clustering '' and the asymptotic power-law probability density distribution of the random variable , it is not capable to reproduce further statistical properties of many of these time series such as : the strong persistence of the instantaneous variance characterised by large values of the Hurst exponent ( H > 0.8 ) , and asymptotic power-law decay of the absolute values self-correlation function . By means of considering an effective return obtained from a correlation of past returns that has a q-exponential form we are able to fix the limitations of the original model . Moreover , this improvement can be obtained through the correct choice of a sole additional parameter , $ q_ { m } $ . The assessment of its validity and usefulness is made by mimicking daily fluctuations of SP500 financial index .
0705.3284	physics.gen-ph	On a mathematical frame of reference	This papers aims at revisiting Minkowski space-time with a modified outlook and making it more consistent ( III.8 ) . The paper scrutinizes the special case of relativistic hypothesis ( STR ) . The paper tries to solve the problems faced by relativistic hypothesis by proposing a purely mathematically formulated reference ( and not a frame like aether ) frame that suits string theory . Then checking the validity of the frame by applying to various phenomenon and aspects explained by STR ; and also its properties when the experimental statistics are taken into account in a homogeneous and isotropic large scale structure of Universe . Further more the paper checks whether introducing the frame solves the problems in STR ; then looks into the occurrences of new paradoxes in the frame , if any present .
0705.3302	physics.atom-ph	Modeling many-particle mechanical effects of an interacting Rydberg gas	In a recent work [ Phys . Rev . Lett . 98 , 023004 ( 2007 ) ] we have investigated the influence of attractive van der Waals interaction on the pair distribution and Penning ionization dynamics of ultracold Rydberg gases . Here we extend this description to atoms initially prepared in Rydberg states exhibiting repulsive interaction . We present calculations based on a Monte Carlo algorithm to simulate the dynamics of many atoms under the influence of both repulsive and attractive longrange interatomic forces . Redistribution to nearby states induced by black body radiation is taken into account , changing the effective interaction potentials . The model agrees with experimental observations , where the ionization rate is found to increase when the excitation laser is blue-detuned from the atomic resonance .
0705.3315	physics.atom-ph quant-ph	Suppression of correlated electron escape in double ionization in strong laser fields	The effect of the Pauli exclusion principle on double ionization of He atoms by strong , linearly polarized laser pulses is analyzed . We show that correlated electron escape , with electron momenta symmetric with respect to the field polarization axis , is suppressed if atoms are initially prepared in the metastable state 3S . The effect is a consequence of selection rules for the transition to the appropriate outgoing two-electron states . We illustrate the suppression in numerical calculations of electron and ion momentum distributions within a reduced dimensionality model .
0705.3352	physics.class-ph	Mesoscopic effective material parameters for thin layers modeled as single and double grids of interacting loaded wires	As an example of thin composite layers we consider single and double grids of periodically arranged interacting wires loaded with a certain distributed reactive impedance . Currents induced to the wires by a normally incident plane wave are rigorously calculated and the corresponding dipole moment densities are determined . Using this data and the averaged fields we assign mesoscopic material parameters for the proposed grid structures . These parameters depend on the number of grids , and measure the averaged induced polarizations . It is demonstrated that properly loaded double grids possess polarization response that over some frequency range can be described by assigning negative values for the mesoscopic parameters . Discussion is conducted on the physical meaningfulness to assign such material parameters for thin composite slabs . The results predicted by the proposed method for the double-grid structures are compared with the results obtained using the commonly adopted S-parameter retrieval procedure .
0705.3378	physics.gen-ph	Bell 's Theorem refuted with a Kolmogorovian counterexample	The statistics behind Bell 's inequality is demonstrated to allow a Kolmogorovian ( i.e . classical ) model of probabilities that recovers the quantum covariance .
0705.3379	physics.optics physics.ins-det	Ray-tracing and physical-optics analysis of the aperture efficiency in a radio telescope	The performance of telescope systems working at microwave or visible/IR wavelengths is typically described in terms of different parameters according to the wavelength range . Most commercial ray tracing packages have been specifically designed for use with visible/IR systems and thus , though very flexible and sophisticated , do not provide the appropriate parameters to fully describe microwave antennas , and thus to compare with specifications . In this work we demonstrate that the Strehl ratio is equal to the phase efficiency when the apodization factor is taken into account . The phase efficiency is the most critical contribution to the aperture efficiency of an antenna , and the most difficult parameter to optimize during the telescope design . The equivalence between the Strehl ratio and the phase efficiency gives the designer/user of the telescope the opportunity to use the faster commercial ray-tracing software to optimize the design . We also discuss the results of several tests performed to check the validity of this relationship that we carried out using a ray-tracing software , ZEMAX and a full Physical Optics software , GRASP9.3 , applied to three different telescope designs that span a factor of $ \simeq 10 in terms of D/lambda . The maximum measured discrepancy between phase efficiency and Strehl ratio varies between $ \simeq 0.4 and 1.9 up to an offset angle of > 40 beams , depending on the optical configuration , but it is always less than 0.5 where the Strehl ratio is > 0.95 .
0705.3384	physics.optics	Enhanced generation of VUV radiation by four-wave mixing in mercury using pulsed laser vaporization	The efficiency of a coherent VUV source at 125 nm , based on 2-photon resonant four-wave mixing in mercury vapor , has been enhanced by up to 2 orders of magnitude . This enhancement was obtained by locally heating a liquid Hg surface with a pulsed excimer laser , resulting in a high density vapor plume in which the nonlinear interaction occurred . Energies up to 5 & # 956 ; J ( 1 kW peak power ) have been achieved while keeping the overall Hg cell at room temperature , avoiding the use of a complex heat pipe . We have observed a strong saturation of the VUV yield when peak power densities of the fundamental beams exceed the GW/cm2 range , as well as a large intensity-dependant broadening ( up to ~30 cm-1 ) of the two-photon resonance . The source has potential applications for high resolution interference lithography and photochemistry .
0705.3387	physics.atm-clus	Clusters under strong VUV pulses : A quantum-classical hybrid-description incorporating plasma effects	The quantum-classical hybrid-description of rare-gas clusters interacting with intense light pulses which we have developed is described in detail . Much emphasis is put on the treatment of screening electrons in the cluster which set the time scale for the evolution of the system and form the link between electrons strongly bound to ions and quasi-free plasma electrons in the cluster . As an example we discuss the dynamics of an Ar147 cluster exposed to a short VUV laser pulse of 20eV photon energy .
0705.3389	physics.atm-clus	Attosecond resolved charging of clusters	Attosecond laser pulses open the door to resolve microscopic electron dynamics in time . Experiments performed include the decay of a core hole , the time-resolved measurement of photo ionization and electron tunneling . The processes investigated share the coherent character of the dynamics involving very few , ideally one active electron . Here , we introduce a scheme to probe dissipative multi-electron motion in time . In this context attosecond probing enables one to obtain information which is lost at later times and can not be retrieved by conventional methods in the energy domain due to the incoherent nature of the dynamics . As a specific example we will discuss the charging of a rare-gas cluster during a strong femtosecond pulse with attosecond pulses . The example illustrates the proposed use of attosecond pulses and suggests an experimental resolution of a controversy about the mechanism of energy absorption by rare-gas clusters in strong vacuum-ultraviolet ( VUV ) pulses .
0705.3411	physics.plasm-ph	Hall Magnetohydrodynamics with Electron Inertia	Hall magnetohydrodynamic ( MHD ) with electron inertia is considered . A much wider class of equilibrium solutions and the concomitant self-organization aspects are discussed . The force-free field state B - J is shown to be a consequence of the triple Beltrami condition .
0705.3416	physics.atom-ph physics.plasm-ph	Electron Temperature Evolution in Expanding Ultracold Neutral Plasmas	We have used the free expansion of ultracold neutral plasmas as a time-resolved probe of electron temperature . A combination of experimental measurements of the ion expansion velocity and numerical simulations characterize the crossover from an elastic-collision regime at low initial Gamma_e , which is dominated by adiabatic cooling of the electrons , to the regime of high Gamma_e in which inelastic processes drastically heat the electrons . We identify the time scales and relative contributions of various processes , and experimentally show the importance of radiative decay and disorder-induced electron heating for the first time in ultracold neutral plasmas .
0705.3442	physics.atom-ph physics.atm-clus	Mitigation of loss within a molecular Stark decelerator	The transverse motion inside a Stark decelerator plays a large role in the total efficiency of deceleration . We differentiate between two separate regimes of molecule loss during the slowing process . The first mechanism involves distributed loss due to coupling of transverse and longitudinal motion , while the second is a result of the rapid decrease of the molecular velocity within the final few stages . In this work , we describe these effects and present means for overcoming them . Solutions based on modified switching time sequences with the existing decelerator geometry lead to a large gain of stable molecules in the intermediate velocity regime , but fail to address the loss at very low final velocities . We propose a new decelerator design , the quadrupole-guiding decelerator , which eliminates distributed loss due to transverse/longitudinal couplings throughout the slowing process and also exhibits gain over normal deceleration to the lowest velocities .
0705.3461	physics.optics nlin.PS	Soliton emission in amplifying optical lattice surfaces	We address surface solitons supported by the interface of optical lattices imprinted in saturable media with surface-localized gain . The nonlinearity saturation puts restrictions on the maximal energy flow carried by surface solitons . As a consequence , the presence of thin amplifying layer near the surface results in the controllable emission of solitons towards the lattice at angles depending on the amplification rate and on lattice depth .
0705.3495	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	Slow wave resonance in periodic stacks of anisotropic layers	We consider transmission band edge resonance in periodic layered structures involving birefringent layers . Previously we have shown that the presence of birefringent layers with misaligned in-plane anisotropy can dramatically enhance the performance of the photonic-crystal Fabry-Perot resonator . It allows to reduce its size by an order of magnitude without compromising on its performance . The key characteristic of the enhanced photonic-crystal cavity is that its Bloch dispersion relation displays a degenerate photonic band edge , rather than only regular ones . This can be realized in specially arranged stacks of misaligned anisotropic layers . On the down side , the presence of birefringent layers results in the Fabry-Perot resonance being coupled only with one ( elliptic ) polarization component of the incident wave , while the other polarization component is reflected back to space . In this paper we show how a small modification of the periodic layered array can solve the above fundamental problem and provide a perfect impedance match regardless of the incident wave polarization , while preserving the giant transmission resonance , characteristic of a degenerate photonic band edge . Both features are of critical importance for a variety of practical applications , including antennas , light amplification , optical and microwave filters , etc .
0705.3498	physics.flu-dyn	Measurement of Newtonian fluid slip using a torsional ultrasonic oscillator	The composite torsional ultrasonic oscillator , a versatile experimental system , can be used to investigate slip of Newtonian fluid at a smooth surface . A rigorous analysis of slip-dependent damping for the oscillator is presented . Initially , the phenomenon of finite surface slip and the slip length are considered for a half-space of Newtonian fluid in contact with a smooth , oscillating solid surface . Definitions are revisited and clarified in light of inconsistencies in the literature . We point out that , in general oscillating flows , Navier 's slip length b is a complex number . An intuitive velocity discontinuity parameter of unrestricted phase is used to describe the effect of slip on measurement of viscous shear damping . The analysis is applied to the composite oscillator and preliminary experimental work for a 40 kHz oscillator is presented . The Non-Slip Boundary Condition ( NSBC ) has been verified for a hydrophobic surface in water to within ~60 nm of |b|=0 nm . Experiments were carried out at shear rate amplitudes between 230 and 6800 /s , corresponding to linear displacement amplitudes between 3.2 and 96 nm .
