0707.1915	physics.acc-ph hep-ph	MICE : The International Muon Ionization Cooling Experiment	Muon storage rings have been proposed for use as a source of high-energy neutrino beams ( the Neutrino Factory ) and as the basis for a high-energy lepton-antilepton collider ( the Muon Collider ) . The Neutrino Factory is widely believed to be the machine of choice for the search for leptonic CP violation while the Muon Collider may prove to be the most practical route to multi-TeV lepton-antilepton collisions . The baseline conceptual designs for each of these facilities requires the phase-space compression ( cooling ) of the muon beams prior to acceleration . The short muon lifetime makes it impossible to employ traditional techniques to cool the beam while maintaining the muon-beam intensity . Ionization cooling , a process in which the muon beam is passed through a series of liquid-hydrogen absorbers followed by accelerating RF cavities , is the technique proposed to cool the muon beam . The international Muon Ionization Cooling Experiment ( MICE ) collaboration will carry out a systematic study of ionization cooling . The MICE experiment , which is under construction at the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory , will begin to take data late this year . The MICE cooling channel , the instrumentation and the implementation at the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory are described together with the predicted performance of the channel and the measurements that will be made .
0707.1960	physics.gen-ph physics.class-ph	A planar vacuum diode with electrons possessing velocity distribution function	The current-voltage characteristic of a planar vacuum diode with electrons possessing velocity distribution function during an emission from the cathode ( electron beam ) is theoretically considered in this article . The electron beam movement in the volume is examined . An integral-differential equation for the electric field potential is got in a correct form . A current-voltage characteristic of the diode for a model function of the velocity distribution of the emitted electrons is obtained .
0707.1976	physics.gen-ph	Analytical solution for 3-dimensional , incompressible Navier-Stokes equations	This paper provides primarily an analytical ad hoc -solution for 3-dimensional , incompressible Navier-Stokes equations with a suitable external force field . The solution turns out to be smooth and integrable on the whole space . There is gaussian decay of amplitudes .
0707.1988	physics.ins-det	LHCb detector status and commissioning	The LHCb detector status and commissioning is presented .
0707.1990	physics.comp-ph	Phase transition in a stochastic prime number generator	We introduce a stochastic algorithm that acts as a prime number generator . The dynamics of such algorithm gives rise to a continuous phase transition which separates a phase where the algorithm is able to reduce a whole set of integers into primes and a phase where the system reaches a frozen state with low prime density . We present both numerical simulations and an analytical approach in terms of an annealed approximation , by means of which the data are collapsed . A critical slowing down phenomenon is also outlined .
0707.2015	physics.atom-ph	Trapping of ultracold polar molecules with a Thin Wire Electrostatic Trap	We describe the realization of a dc electric-field trap for ultracold polar molecules , the thin-wire electrostatic trap ( TWIST ) . The thin wires that form the electrodes of the TWIST allow us to superimpose the trap onto a magneto-optical trap ( MOT ) . In our experiment , ultracold polar NaCs molecules in their electronic ground state are created in the MOT via photoassociation , achieving a continuous accumulation in the TWIST of molecules in low-field seeking states . Initial measurements show that the TWIST trap lifetime is limited only by the background pressure in the chamber .
0707.2021	physics.flu-dyn	On-Shell Description of Unsteady Flames	The problem of non-perturbative description of unsteady premixed flames with arbitrary gas expansion is solved in the two-dimensional case . Considering the flame as a surface of discontinuity with arbitrary local burning rate and gas velocity jumps given on it , we show that the front dynamics can be determined without having to solve the flow equations in the bulk . On the basis of the Thomson circulation theorem , an implicit integral representation of the gas velocity downstream is constructed . It is then simplified by a successive stripping of the potential contributions to obtain an explicit expression for the vortex component near the flame front . We prove that the unknown potential component is left bounded and divergence-free by this procedure , and hence can be eliminated using the dispersion relation for its on-shell value ( i.e. , the value along the flame front ) . The resulting system of integro-differential equations relates the on-shell fuel velocity and the front position . As limiting cases , these equations contain all theoretical results on flame dynamics established so far , including the linear equation describing the Darrieus-Landau instability of planar flames , and the nonlinear Sivashinsky-Clavin equation for flames with weak gas expansion .
0707.2087	physics.flu-dyn	Dynamics of Free Surface Perturbations Along an Annular Viscous Film	It is known that an axisymmetric viscous film flowing down the outside of a thin vertical fiber becomes unstable to interfacial perturbations . We present an experimental study using fluids with different densities , surface tensions and viscosities to investigate the growth and dynamics of these interfacial perturbations and to test the assumptions made by previous authors . We find the initial perturbation growth is exponential followed by a slower phase as the amplitude and wavelength saturate in size . Measurements of the perturbation growth for experiments conducted at low and moderate Reynolds numbers are compared to theoretical predictions developed from linear stability theory . Excellent agreement is found between predictions from a long-wave Stokes flow model ( Craster & Matar , J. Fluid Mech . 553 , 85 ( 2006 ) ) and data , while fair agreement is found between predictions from a moderate Reynolds number model ( Sisoev et al. , Chem . Eng . Sci . 61 , 7279 ( 2006 ) ) and data . Furthermore , we find that a known transition in the longer-time perturbation dynamics from unsteady to steady behavior at a critical flow rate , Qc , is correlated to a transition in the rate at which perturbations naturally form along the fiber . For Q < Qc ( steady case ) , the rate of perturbation formation is constant . As a result the position along the fiber where perturbations form is nearly fixed , and the spacing between consecutive perturbations remains constant as they travel 2 m down the fiber . For Q > Qc ( unsteady case ) , the rate of perturbation formation is modulated . As a result the position along the fiber where perturbations form oscillates irregularly , and the initial speed and spacing between perturbations varies resulting in the coalescence of neighboring perturbations further down the fiber .
