0705.2081	physics.class-ph physics.optics	On an identity for the volume integral of the square of a vector field	A proof is given of the vector identity proposed by Gubarev , Stodolsky and Zakarov that relates the volume integral of the square of a 3-vector field to non-local integrals of the curl and divergence of the field . The identity is applied to the case of the magnetic vector potential and magnetic field of a rotating charged shell . The latter provides a straightforward exercise in the use of the addition theorem of spherical harmonics .
0705.2098	physics.soc-ph q-fin.ST	Kolkata Restaurant Problem as a generalised El Farol Bar Problem	Generalisation of the El Farol bar problem to that of many bars here leads to the Kolkata restaurant problem , where the decision to go to any restaurant or not is much simpler ( depending on the previous experience of course , as in the El Farol bar problem ) . This generalised problem can be exactly analysed in some limiting cases discussed here . The fluctuation in the restaurant service can be shown to have precisely an inverse cubic behavior , as widely seen in the stock market fluctuations .
0705.2130	physics.class-ph	Validity conditions of the direct boundary integral equation for exterior problems of plane elasticity	Writing the boundary integral equation for an exterior problem of elasticity is subordinate so far to hypotheses on the asymptotical behaviour at infinity of solutions . The sufficient conditions met in the literature are too restrictive and do not notably cover the case when the loading has a non zero resultant force . This difficulty can be removed by considering the problem in displacements relatively to one point located at a finite distance from the loading . Finally , this auxiliary problem allows widening the conditions of validity of the usual formulation of the direct integral method .
0705.2166	physics.gen-ph	Ultimate Fate of our Universe from Quantum Mechanics	It is conjectured that time intervals of any kind are proportional to the age of the Universe taken at the time we are considering the interval . If this is the case then the speed of light , in fact any speed , must decrease inversely proportional to this age . The immediate consequence is that energy is not conserved : the hypothesis that time is a homogeneous property implies conservation of energy ( the theorem of Noether ) . Nonconservation of energy follows from the condition that any time interval is proportional to the cosmological time , and therefore time can not be homogeneous . From the uncertainty principle , taking the constant of Planck as a real constant , time independent , it follows that any energy in the Universe decreases linearly with time . We then prove that Schroedinger equation does not change , except for the potential energy term . The future of the Universe gives for the wave functions a long sinusoidal spatial solution , so that everything becomes unlocalized . The relativistic absolute interval remains the same , even with a changing speed of light , and the Universe turns out to be nonexpanding . A Mass-Boom effect is confirmed .
0705.2172	physics.ao-ph	Dominant aerosol processes during high-pollution episodes over Greater Tokyo	This paper studies two high-pollution episodes over Greater Tokyo : 9 and 10 December 1999 , and 31 July and 1 August 2001 . Results obtained with the chemistry-transport model ( CTM ) Polair3D are compared to measurements of inorganic PM2.5 . To understand to which extent the aerosol processes modeled in Polair3D impact simulated inorganic PM2.5 , Polair3D is run with different options in the aerosol module , e.g . with/without heterogeneous reactions . To quantify the impact of processes outside the aerosol module , simulations are also done with another CTM ( CMAQ ) . In the winter episode , sulfate is mostly impacted by condensation , coagulation , long-range transport , and deposition to a lesser extent . In the summer episode , the effect of long-range transport largely dominates . The impact of condensation/evaporation is dominant for ammonium , nitrate and chloride in both episodes . However , the impact of the thermodynamic equilibrium assumption is limited . The impact of heterogeneous reactions is large for nitrate and ammonium , and taking heterogeneous reactions into account appears to be crucial in predicting the peaks of nitrate and ammonium . The impact of deposition is the same for all inorganic PM2.5 . It is small compared to the impact of other processes although it is not negligible . The impact of nucleation is negligible in the summer episode , and small in the winter episode . The impact of coagulation is larger in the winter episode than in the summer episode , because the number of small particles is higher in the winter episode as a consequence of nucleation .
0705.2209	physics.data-an	Annotated Bibliography of Some Papers on Combining Significances or p-values	A question that comes up repeatedly is how to combine the results of two experiments if all that is known is that one experiment had a n-sigma effect and another experiment had a m-sigma effect . This question is not well-posed : depending on what additional assumptions are made , the preferred answer is different . The note lists some of the more prominent papers on the topic , with some brief comments and excerpts .
0705.2210	physics.ins-det	Study in a beam test of the resolution of a Micromegas TPC with standard readout pads	The results of a beam test performed at the KEK PS in June 2005 are presented . Drift properties of an argon-isobutane mixture have been accurately measured and compared with predictions at magnetic fields between 0 and 1 Tesla . The r.m.s . point resolution of a padrow is compared with simulation and with an analytical calculation . The fundamental limitations due to detector geometry and gas properties are reviewed and the measured performances of the detector are found to be close to this limit . A numerical application to the case of a Linear Collider TPC is presented .
