0706.3095	physics.ins-det hep-ph	Channeling Effect and Improvement of the Efficiency of Charged Particle Registration with Crystal Scintillators	The importance is emphasized of taking into account the channeling along the low index crystallographic axes and planes of a part of low-energy ( 1-10 keV ) recoil ions in measurements of their parameters with crystal scintillators of the type of NaI ( Tl ) etc . Because the nucleus stopping power in channels is low as compared with electronic stopping power , the light yield of the scintillator must be , accordingly , higher in the given case than that for ions having higher energy ( tens keV and more ) , which lose most part of their energy via nuclear collisions outside channels . Hence , in particular , it follows that the DAMA/NaI observations in Gran Sasso of the annual modulation of the signal frequency in a narrow range of scintillations with an amplitude of 2-6 keV electron equivalent may be due to incidence onto the Earth of exceedingly massive particles ( of the type of Planckian objects ) from elongated Earth-crossing heliocentric orbits at a velocity of 30-50 km/s . In NaI ( Tl ) , these particles create the iodine recoil ions with just the energy of 2-6 keV .
0706.3103	physics.atom-ph	Production of high energy particles in laser and Coulomb fields and e^+e^- antenna	A strong laser field and the Coulomb field of a nucleus can produce e^ { + } e^ { - } pairs . It is shown for the first time that there is a large probability that electrons and positrons created in this process collide after one or several oscillations of the laser field . These collisions can take place at high energy resulting in several phenomena . The quasielastic collision e^ { + } e^ { - } - > e^ { + } e^ { - } allows acceleration of leptons in the laser field to higher energies . The inelastic collisions allow production of high energy photons e^ { + } e^ { - } - > 2 gamma and muons , e^ { + } e^ { - } - > mu^ { + } mu^ { - } . The yield of high-energy photons and muons produced via this mechanism exceeds exponentially their production through conventional direct creation in laser and Coulomb fields . A relation of the phenomena considered with the antenna-mechanism of multiphoton absorption in atoms is discussed .
0706.3108	physics.comp-ph physics.optics	Mapped Chebyshev pseudospectral method to study multiple scale phenomena	In the framework of mapped pseudospectral methods , we introduce a new polynomial-type mapping function in order to describe accurately the dynamics of systems developing almost singular structures . Using error criteria related to the spectral interpolation error , the new polynomial-type mapping is compared against previously proposed mappings for the study of collapse and shock wave phenomena . As a physical application , we study the dynamics of two coupled beams , described by coupled nonlinear Schr\ '' odinger equations and modeling beam propagation in an atomic coherent media , whose spatial sizes differs up to several orders of magnitude . It is demonstrated , also by numerical simulations , that the accuracy properties of the new polynomial-type mapping outperforms in orders of magnitude the ones of the other studied mapping functions .
0706.3111	physics.optics	Wave-front engineering by Huygens-Fresnel principle for nonlinear optical interactions in domain engineered structures	The wave-front engineering for nonlinear optical interactions was discussed . Using Huygens-Fresnel principle we developed a general theory and technique for domain engineering with conventional quasi-phase-matching structures being the special cases . By Fourier analysis we put forward the concept of local quasi-phase matching , which suggests that the quasi-phase matching is fulfilled only locally not globally . Experiments on focal effect of second-harmonic wave agreed well with the theoretical prediction . The proposed scheme combines three optical functions : generation , focusing and beam splitting of second-harmonic wave , thus making the device more compact . Further the proposed scheme can be used to perform the integration of multi-functional optical properties in nonlinear photonics , as well as expand the use of nonlinear optical devices .
0706.3219	physics.gen-ph	Universal Science of Complexity : Consistent Understanding of Ecological , Living and Intelligent System Dynamics	A major challenge of interdisciplinary description of complex system behaviour is whether real systems of higher complexity levels can be understood with at least the same degree of objective , `` scientific '' rigour and universality as `` simple '' systems of classical , Newtonian science paradigm . The problem is reduced to that of arbitrary , many-body interaction ( unsolved in standard theory ) . Here we review its causally complete solution , the ensuing concept of complexity and applications . The discovered key properties of dynamic multivaluedness and entanglement give rise to a qualitatively new kind of mathematical structure providing the exact version of real system behaviour . The extended mathematics of complexity contains the truly universal definition of dynamic complexity , randomness ( chaoticity ) , classification of all possible dynamic regimes , and the unifying principle of any system dynamics and evolution , the universal symmetry of complexity . Every real system has a non-zero ( and actually high ) value of unreduced dynamic complexity determining , in particular , `` mysterious '' behaviour of quantum systems and relativistic effects causally explained now as unified manifestations of complex interaction dynamics . The observed differences between various systems are due to different regimes and levels of their unreduced dynamic complexity . We outline applications of universal concept of dynamic complexity emphasising cases of '' truly complex '' systems from higher complexity levels ( ecological and living systems , brain operation , intelligence and consciousness , autonomic information and communication systems ) and show that the urgently needed progress in social and intellectual structure of civilisation inevitably involves qualitative transition to unreduced complexity understanding ( we call it `` revolution of complexity '' ) .
0706.3225	physics.soc-ph	Seeking the best Internet Model	The models of the Internet reported in the literature are mainly aimed at reproducing the scale-free structure , the high clustering coefficient and the small world effects found in the real Internet , while other important properties ( e.g . related to centrality and hierarchical measurements ) are not considered . For a better characterization and modeling of such network , a larger number of topological properties must be considered . In this work , we present a sound multivariate statistical approach , including feature spaces and multivariate statistical analysis ( especially canonical projections ) , in order to characterize several Internet models while considering a larger set of relevant measurements . We apply such a methodology to determine , among nine complex networks models , which are those most compatible with the real Internet data ( on the autonomous systems level ) considering a set of 21 network measurements . We conclude that none of the considered models can reproduce the Internet topology with high accuracy .
0706.3232	physics.flu-dyn	Asymptotic probability density functions in turbulence	A formalism is presented to obtain closed evolution equations for asymptotic probability distribution functions of turbulence magnitudes . The formalism is derived for a generic evolution equation , so that the final result can be easily applied to rather general problems . Although the approximation involved can not be ascertained a priori , we show that application of the formalism to well known problems gives the correct results .
0706.3247	physics.gen-ph	Relativistic rapidity as change in musical pitch	Relativistic rapidity is usually presented as a computational device . As Levy-Leblond has shown , it is also the velocity that would be imputed by an ideal Newtonian inertial guidance system , taking c=1*neper=1 . Here , we show that it can also be interpreted as the change in musical pitch of radiation fore and aft along the direction of motion .
0706.3248	physics.ins-det	Compensation of the Crossing Angle with Crab Cavities at KEKB	Crab cavities have been installed in the KEKB B -- Factory rings to compensate the crossing angle at the collision point and thus increase luminosity . The beam operation with crab crossing has been done since February 2007 . This is the first experience with such cavities in colliders or storage rings . The crab cavities have been working without serious issues . While higher specific luminosity than the geometrical gain has been achieved , further study is necessary and under way to reach the prediction of simulation .
