0710.2747	physics.med-ph	Simulations of the consequences of tongue surgery on tongue mobility : implications for speech production in post-surgery conditions	This paper presents simulations of the impact of tongue surgery on tongue movements and on speech articulation . For this , a 3D biomechanical Finite Element ( FE ) model of the tongue is used . Muscles are represented within the FE structure by specific subsets of elements . The tongue model is inserted in the upper airways including jaw , palate and pharyngeal walls . Two examples of tongue surgery , which are quite common in the treatment of cancers of the oral cavity are modelled : hemiglossectomy and large resection of the mouth floor . Three kinds of reconstruction are also modelled , assuming flaps with a low , medium or high stiffnesses . The impact of the surgery without any reconstruction and with the three different reconstructions is quantitatively measured and compared during simulated speech production sequences . More precisely , differences in global 3D tongue shape and in velocity patterns during tongue displacements are evaluated .
0710.2749	physics.atm-clus nucl-th physics.atom-ph physics.flu-dyn	Coupling of Surface and Volume Dipole Oscillations in C-60 Molecules	We first give a short review of the `` local-current approximation '' ( LCA ) , derived from a general variation principle , which serves as a semiclassical description of strongly collective excitations in finite fermion systems starting from their quantum-mechanical mean-field ground state . We illustrate it for the example of coupled translational and compressional dipole excitations in metal clusters . We then discuss collective electronic dipole excitations in C $ _ { 60 } $ molecules ( Buckminster fullerenes ) . We show that the coupling of the pure translational mode ( `` surface plasmon '' ) with compressional volume modes in the semiclasscial LCA yields semi-quantitative agreement with microscopic time-dependent density functional ( TDLDA ) calculations , while both theories yield qualitative agreement with the recent experimental observation of a `` volume plasmon '' .
0710.2754	physics.plasm-ph	A comparison between detailed and configuration-averaged collisional-radiative codes applied to non-local thermal equilibrium plasma	A collisional-radiative model describing nonlocal-thermodynamic-equilibrium plasmas is developed . It is based on the HULLAC ( Hebrew University Lawrence Livermore Atomic Code ) suite for the transitions rates , in the zero-temperature radiation field hypothesis . Two variants of the model are presented : the first one is configuration averaged , while the second one is a detailed level version . Comparisons are made between them in the case of a carbon plasma ; they show that the configuration-averaged code gives correct results for an electronic temperature Te=10 eV ( or higher ) but fails at lower temperatures such as Te=1 eV . The validity of the configuration-averaged approximation is discussed : the intuitive criterion requiring that the average configuration-energy dispersion must be less than the electron thermal energy turns out to be a necessary but far from sufficient condition . Another condition based on the resolution of a modified rate-equation system is proposed . Its efficiency is emphasized in the case of low-temperature plasmas . Finally , it is shown that near-threshold autoionization cascade processes may induce a severe failure of the configuration-average formalism .
0710.2805	physics.class-ph	Nouvelle analyse des ph\'enom\`enes vibratoires en tournage	In the cutting process , machine-tools vibrations are generally a real problem when the amplitude crosses the limits of dimensional or surface quality workpiece precision required . It is necessary to develop models taking into account the three-dimensional vibratory approach to control the vibrations phenomena . An experimental study has been realized to understand the behavior of the cutting system and to identify its vibrations properties . The displacement 's localization of the tool in a spatial plan , showed by the experimental results , allows us to simplify the three-dimensional dynamical model . In this study , the experimental approach is completely presented and the first points of the three dimensional vibratory model are proposed according to the experimental results .
0710.2812	physics.optics	Ultra-Broadband Radial Polarization Conversion based on Goos-Hanchen Shift	We demonstrate , for the first time , a scheme that generates radially-polarized light using Goos-Hanchen shift of a cylindrically symmetric Total Internal Reflection . It allows ultra-broadband radial polarization conversion for wavelengths differing > 1 micron .
0710.2818	physics.data-an hep-ex	Track finding in gamma conversions in CMS	A track finding algorithm has been developed for reconstruction of e+e- pairs . It combines the information of the electromagnetic calorimeter with the information provided by the Tracker . Results on reconstruction efficiency of converted photons , as well as on fake rate are shown for single isolated photons and for photons from H- > gamma gamma events with pile-up events at 10^33 cm^-2 s^-1 LHC luminosity .
0710.2820	physics.optics nlin.PS	Resonant mode flopping in modulated waveguiding structures	We put forward the concept of resonant , Rabi-like flopping and adiabatic transitions between confined light modes in properly modulated multimode waveguides . The phenomenon is shown to take place in both , the linear and the nonlinear regimes . In addition , we find that the mode transitions occur not only in simple geometries , but also in complex confining multimode structures . The phenomenon is analogous to the familiar stimulated state transitions that occur in multilevel quantum systems .
0710.2824	physics.optics	Polarization Retarder with Cylindrical-Symmetry for Radially Polarized Light	We demonstrate a cylindrically-symmetric polarization retarder for generating exact radially polarized light . It involves an uni-axial crystal whose crystallographic optics axis is aligned to its optical axis . This method offers high power-handling capability
0710.2827	physics.optics	A high fidelity approximation of radial polarization conversion	We report a high fidelity ( > 90 % ) approximation of radial polarization conversion using a birefringent lens . It offers the advantages of low-cost , easy fabrication , alignment robustness and high laser power handling capability .
0710.2835	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Folksonomies and clustering in the collaborative system CiteULike	We analyze CiteULike , an online collaborative tagging system where users bookmark and annotate scientific papers . Such a system can be naturally represented as a tripartite graph whose nodes represent papers , users and tags connected by individual tag assignments . The semantics of tags is studied here , in order to uncover the hidden relationships between tags . We find that the clustering coefficient reflects the semantical patterns among tags , providing useful ideas for the designing of more efficient methods of data classification and spam detection .
0710.2843	physics.atom-ph physics.acc-ph	Relativistic time dilatation and the spectrum of electrons emitted by 33 TeV lead ions penetrating thin foils	We study the energy distribution of ultrarelativistic electrons produced when a beam of 33 TeV Pb $ ^ { 81+ } $ ( 1s ) ions penetrates a thin Al foil . We show that , because of a prominent role of the excitations of the ions inside the foil which becomes possible due to the relativistic time dilatation , the width of this distribution can be much narrower compared to the case when the ions interact with rarefied gaseous targets . We also show that a very similar shape of the energy distribution may arise when 33 TeV Pb $ ^ { 82+ } $ ions penetrate a thin Au foil . These results shed some light on the origin of the very narrow electron energy distributions observed experimentally about a decade ago .
0710.2854	physics.chem-ph physics.bio-ph	Diffraction in low-energy electron scattering from DNA : bridging gas phase and solid state theory	Using high-quality gas phase electron scattering calculations and multiple scattering theory , we attempt to gain insights on the radiation damage to DNA induced by secondary low-energy electrons in the condensed phase , and to bridge the existing gap with the gas phase theory and experiments . The origin of different resonant features ( arising from single molecules or diffraction ) is discussed and the calculations are compared to existing experiments in thin films .
0710.2873	physics.optics	Sensitive multiplex spectroscopy in the molecular fingerprint 2.4 $ \mu $ m region with a Cr^ { 2+ } : ZnSe femtosecond laser	An ultrashort-pulse Cr^ { 2+ } : ZnSe laser is a novel broadband source for sensitive high resolution molecular spectroscopy . A 130-fs pulse allows covering of up to 380 cm^-1 spectral domain around 2.4 $ \mu $ m which is analyzed simultaneously with a 0.12 cm^-1 ( 3.6 GHz ) resolution by a Fourier-transform spectrometer . Recorded in 13 s , from 70-cm length absorption around 4150 cm^-1 , acetylene and ammonia spectra exhibit a 3800 signal-to-noise ratio and a 2.4*10^-7 cm^-1*Hz^-1/2 noise equivalent absorption coefficient at one second averaging per spectral element , suggesting a 0.2 ppbv detection level for HF molecule . With the widely practiced classical tungsten lamp source instead of the laser , identical spectra would have taken more than one hour .
0710.2874	physics.optics	Infrared frequency combs and supercontinua for multiplex high sensitivity spectroscopy	An infrared high-brightness light source based on supercontinuum generation through a SF6 photonic crystal fiber seeded by a Cr^4+ : YAG femtosecond oscillator is developed for high resolution multiplex spectroscopy in the 1.5 $ \mu $ m region . Moreover , a multiplex high resolution approach based on a Cr^4+ : YAG frequency comb enables to probe large spectral domains , with simultaneous sensitive measurement of the absorption and the dispersion associated with all individual spectral features .
0710.2875	physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph	What are the benefits of bound ( protonation ) states for the electron-transfer kinetics ?	We describe a model of electron transfer reactions affected by local binding to the donor or acceptor sites of a particle in equilibrium with the solution . The statistics of fluctuations of the donor-acceptor energy gap caused by binding/unbinding events are non-Gaussian , and the resulting free energy surfaces of electron transfer are non-parabolic . The band-width of the charge-transfer optical transition is predicted to pass through a maximum as a function of the concentration of binding particles in the solution . The model is used to rationalize recent observations of pH-dependence of electron transfer rates involving changes in the protonation state of the donor-acceptor complex .
0710.2896	physics.comp-ph hep-ph physics.data-an	EasyNData : A simple tool to extract numerical values from published plots	The comparison of numerical data with published plots is a frequently occurring task . In this article I present a short computer program written in Java ( TM ) helping in those cases where someone wants to get the numbers out of a plot but is not able to read the plot with a decent accuracy and can not contact the author of the plot directly for whatever reason . The accuracy reached by this method depends on many factors . For the examples illustrated in this paper a precision at the level of a few per mille could be reached . The tool might help in improving the quality of future publications .
0710.2921	physics.class-ph physics.gen-ph	Shock-Induced Flows through Packed Beds : Transient Regimes	The early stage of the transient regimes in the shock-induced flows within solid-packed beds are investigated in the linear longwave and high-frequency approximation . The transient resistance law is refined as the Duhameltime integral that follows from the general concept of dynamic tortuosity and compressibility of the packed beds . A closed-form solution is expected to describe accurately the early stage of the transient regime flow and is in qualitative agreement with available experimental data .
0710.2933	physics.class-ph physics.optics	Alternative Derivation of Electromagnetic Cloaks and Concentrators	Beginning with a straightforward formulation of electromagnetic cloaking that reduces to a boundary value problem involving a single Maxwell first-order differential equation , explicit formulae for the relative permittivity-permeability dyadic and fields of spherical and circular cylindrical annular cloaks are derived in terms of general compressed radial coordinate functions . The general formulation is based on the requirements that the cloaking occurs for all possible incident fields and that the cloaks with frequency w > 0 have continuous tangential E and H fields across their outer surfaces , and zero normal D and B fields at their inner material surfaces . The tangential-field boundary conditions at the outer surface of the cloak ensure zero scattered fields , and the normal-field boundary conditions at the inner surface of the cloak are compatible with zero total fields inside the interior cavity of the cloak . For spherical cloaks , unlike cylindrical cloaks , these boundary conditions lead to all the tangential components of the E and H fields being continuously zero across their inner surfaces -- cylindrical cloaks having delta functions in polarization densities at their inner surfaces . For bodies with no interior free-space cavities , the formulation is used to derive nonscattering spherical and cylindrical concentrators that magnify the incident fields near their centers . For static fields ( w = 0 ) , the boundary value formulation is appropriately modified to obtain a permeability dyadic that will cloak magnetostatic fields . Causality conditions imply that , unlike magnetostatic cloaking , electrostatic cloaking as well as low-frequency cloaking for w > 0 is not realizable .
0710.2939	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Uncovering individual and collective human dynamics from mobile phone records	Novel aspects of human dynamics and social interactions are investigated by means of mobile phone data . Using extensive phone records resolved in both time and space , we study the mean collective behavior at large scales and focus on the occurrence of anomalous events . We discuss how these spatiotemporal anomalies can be described using standard percolation theory tools . We also investigate patterns of calling activity at the individual level and show that the interevent time of consecutive calls is heavy-tailed . This finding , which has implications for dynamics of spreading phenomena in social networks , agrees with results previously reported on other human activities .
0710.2946	physics.atom-ph physics.comp-ph	An universal algorithm of calculating terms of atomic many-body perturbation theory	An algorithm , based on numerical description of the terms of many-body perturbation theory ( Goldstone diagrams ) , is presented . The algorithm allows the use of the same piece of computer code to evaluate any particular diagram in any specific order of the perturbation theory or to calculate similar terms in other areas of the many-body theory , like e.g . terms in the coupled-cluster equations . The use of the algorithm is illustrated by calculating the second and third order correlation corrections to the removal energies of electrons from the ground state of sodium , copper and gallium and by calculating the hyperfine structure constants of sodium in the linearized single-double coupled cluster approximation .
0710.2947	physics.soc-ph	Average Path Length in Complex Networks : Patterns and Predictions	A simple and accurate relationship is demonstrated that links the average shortest path , nodes , and edges in a complex network . This relationship takes advantage of the concept of link density and shows a large improvement in fitting networks of all scales over the typical random graph model . The relationships herein can allow researchers to better predict the shortest path of networks of almost any size .
