0704.3828	physics.optics	An integral gated mode single photon detector at telecom wavelengths	We demonstrate an integral gated mode single photon detector at telecom wavelengths . The charge number of an avalanche pulse rather than the peak current is monitored for single-photon detection . The transient spikes in conventional gated mode operation are canceled completely by integrating , which enables one to improve the performance of single photon detector greatly with the same avalanche photodiode . This method has achieved a detection efficiency of 29.9 % at the dark count probability per gate equal to 5.57E-6/gate ( 1.11E-6/ns ) at 1550nm .
0704.3837	physics.optics nlin.PS	Observation of two-dimensional surface solitons in anisotropic waveguide arrays	We report on the experimental observation of two-dimensional surface waves localized at the edge or in the corner of femtosecond laser-written waveguide arrays in fused silica . Increasing the power of the input beam allows one to observe a clear transition from a linear diffraction pattern to localized nonlinear surface states , which can exist at the interface only above a certain power threshold .
0704.3853	physics.optics physics.bio-ph	Fluorescence microscopy of single autofluorescent proteins for cellular biology	In this paper we review the applicability of autofluorescent proteins for single-molecule imaging in biology . The photophysical characteristics of several mutants of the Green Fluorescent Protein ( GFP ) and those of DsRed are compared and critically discussed for their use in cellular biology . The alternative use of two-photon excitation at the single-molecule level or Fluorescence Correlation Spectroscopy is envisaged for the study of individual autofluorescent proteins . Single-molecule experiments performed in live cells using eGFP and preferably eYFP fusion proteins are reviewed . Finally , the first use at the single-molecule level of citrine , a more photostable variant of the eYFP is reported when fused to a receptor for neurotransmitter in live cells .
0704.3854	physics.optics physics.bio-ph	Multiple Routes for Glutamate Receptor Trafficking : Surface Diffusion and Membrane Traffic Cooperate to Bring Receptors to Synapses	Trafficking of glutamate receptors into and out of synapses is critically involved in the plasticity of excitatory synaptic transmission . Endocytosis and exocytosis of receptors have initially been thought to account alone for this trafficking . However , membrane proteins also traffic through surface lateral diffusion in the plasma membrane . We describe developments in electrophysiological and optical approaches that have allowed for the real time measurement of glutamate receptor surface trafficking in live neurons . These include ( i ) specific imaging of surface receptors using a pH sensitive fluorescent protein , ( ii ) design of a photoactivable drug to inactivate locally surface receptors and monitor electrophysiologically their recovery , and ( iii ) application of single molecule fluorescence microscopy to directly track the movement of individual surface receptors with nanometer resolution inside and outside synapses . Altogether , these approaches have demonstrated that glutamate receptors diffuse at high rates in the neuronal membrane and suggest a key role for surface diffusion in the regulation of receptor numbers at synapses .
0704.3855	physics.optics physics.bio-ph	Single-molecule imaging of the H-ras membrane-anchor reveals domains in the cytoplasmic leaflet of the cell membrane	In the last decade evidence has accumulated that small domains of 50-700 nm in diameter are located in the exoplasmic leaflet of the plasma membrane . Most of these domains supposedly consist of specific sets of lipids and proteins , and are believed to coordinate signal transduction cascades . Whether similar domains are also present in the cytoplasmic leaflet of the plasma membrane is unclear so far . To investigate the presence of cytoplasmic leaflet domains , the H-Ras membrane-targeting sequence was fused to the C-terminus of the enhanced yellow fluorescent protein . Using single-molecule fluorescence microscopy , trajectories of individual molecules diffusing in the cytoplasmic leaflet of the plasma membrane were recorded . From these trajectories , the diffusion of individual membrane-anchored enhanced yellow fluorescent protein molecules was studied in live cells on timescales from 5 to 200 ms . The results show that the diffusion of 30-40 % of the molecules is constrained in domains with a typical size of 200 nm . Neither breakdown of actin nor cholesterol extraction changed the domain characteristics significantly , indicating that the observed domains may not be related to the membrane domains identified so far .
0704.3857	physics.optics cond-mat.other	Photothermal heterodyne imaging of individual nonfluorescent nanoclusters and nanocrystals	We introduce a new , highly sensitive , and simple heterodyne optical method for imaging individual nonfluorescent nanoclusters and nanocrystals . A 2 order of magnitude improvement of the signal is achieved compared to previous methods . This allows for the unprecedented detection of individual small absorptive objects such as metallic clusters ( of 67 atoms ) or nonluminescent semiconductor nanocrystals . The measured signals are in agreement with a calculation based on the scattering field theory from a photothermal-induced modulated index of refraction profile around the nanoparticle .
0704.3858	physics.optics physics.bio-ph	Direct imaging of lateral movements of AMPA receptors inside synapses	Trafficking of AMPA receptors in and out of synapses is crucial for synaptic plasticity . Previous studies have focused on the role of endo/exocytosis processes or that of lateral diffusion of extra-synaptic receptors . We have now directly imaged AMPAR movements inside and outside synapses of live neurons using single-molecule fluorescence microscopy . Inside individual synapses , we found immobile and mobile receptors , which display restricted diffusion . Extra-synaptic receptors display free diffusion . Receptors could also exchange between these membrane compartments through lateral diffusion . Glutamate application increased both receptor mobility inside synapses and the fraction of mobile receptors present in a juxtasynaptic region . Block of inhibitory transmission to favor excitatory synaptic activity induced a transient increase in the fraction of mobile receptors and a decrease in the proportion of juxtasynaptic receptors . Altogether , our data show that rapid exchange of receptors between a synaptic and extra-synaptic localization occurs through regulation of receptor diffusion inside synapses .
