0708.3244	physics.soc-ph	About the Power to Enforce and Prevent Consensus by Manipulating Communication Rules	We explore the possibilities of enforcing and preventing consensus in continuous opinion dynamics that result from modifications in the communication rules . We refer to the model of Weisbuch and Deffuant , where $ n $ agents adjust their continuous opinions as a result of random pairwise encounters whenever their opinions differ not more than a given bound of confidence $ \eps $ . A high $ \eps $ leads to consensus , while a lower $ \eps $ leads to a fragmentation into several opinion clusters . We drop the random encounter assumption and ask : How small may $ \eps $ be such that consensus is still possible with a certain communication plan for the entire group ? Mathematical analysis shows that $ \eps $ may be significantly smaller than in the random pairwise case . On the other hand we ask : How large may $ \eps $ be such that preventing consensus is still possible ? In answering this question we prove Fortunato 's simulation result that consensus can not be prevented for $ \eps > 0.5 $ for large groups . % Next we consider opinion dynamics under different individual strategies and examine their power to increase the chances of consensus . One result is that balancing agents increase chances of consensus , especially if the agents are cautious in adapting their opinions . However , curious agents increase chances of consensus only if those agents are not cautious in adapting their opinions .
0708.3271	physics.bio-ph physics.comp-ph q-bio.NC	Simulation of Spread and Control of Lesions in Brain	A simulation model for the spread and control of lesions in the brain is constructed using a planar network ( graph ) representation for the Central Nervous System ( CNS ) . The model is inspired by the lesion structures observed in the case of Multiple Sclerosis ( MS ) , a chronic disease of the CNS . The initial lesion site is at the center of a unit square and spreads outwards based on the success rate in damaging edges ( axons ) of the network . The damaged edges send out alarm signals which , at appropriate intensity levels , generate programmed cell death . Depending on the extent and timing of the programmed cell death , the lesion may get controlled or aggravated akin to the control of wild fires by burning of peripheral vegetation . The parameter phase space of the model shows smooth transition from uncontrolled situation to controlled situation . The simulations show that the model is capable of generating a wide variety of lesion growth and arrest scenarios .
0708.3282	physics.soc-ph	Modeling Crowd Turbulence by Many-Particle Simulations	A recent study [ D. Helbing , A. Johansson and H. Z. Al-Abideen , { \it Phys . Rev . E } 75 , 046109 ( 2007 ) ] has revealed a `` turbulent '' state of pedestrian flows , which is characterized by sudden displacements and causes the falling and trampling of people . However , turbulent crowd motion is not reproduced well by current many-particle models due to their insufficient representation of the local interactions in areas of extreme densities . In this contribution , we extend the repulsive force term of the social force model to reproduce crowd turbulence . We perform numerical simulations of pedestrians moving through a bottleneck area with this new model . The transitions from laminar to stop-and-go and turbulent flows are observed . The empirical features characterizing crowd turbulence , such as the structure function and the probability density function of velocity increments are reproduced well , i.e . they are well compatible with an analysis of video data during the annual Muslim pilgrimage .
0708.3293	physics.soc-ph	Continuous Opinion Dynamics : Insights through Interactive Markov Chains	We reformulate the agent-based opinion dynamics models of Weisbuch-Deffuant and Hegselmann-Krause as interactive Markov chains . So we switch the scope from a finite number of n agents to a finite number of n opinion classes . Thus , we will look at an infinite population distributed to opinion classes instead of agents with real number opinions . The interactive Markov chains show similar dynamical behavior as the agent-based models : stabilization and clustering . Our framework leads to a discrete bifurcation diagram for each model which gives a good view on the driving forces and the attractive states of the system . The analysis shows that the emergence of minor clusters in the Weisbuch-Deffuant model and of meta-stable states with very slow convergence to consensus in the Hegselmann Krause model are intrinsic to the dynamical behavior .
0708.3334	physics.soc-ph	Communication regimes in opinion dynamics : Changing the number of communicating agents	This article contributes in four ways to the research on time-discrete continuous opinion dynamics with compromising agents . First , communication regimes are introduced as an elementary concept of opinion dynamic models . Second , we develop a model that covers two major models of continuous opinion dynamics , i.e . the basic model of Deffuant and Weisbuch as well as the model of Krause and Hegselmann . To combine these models , which handle different numbers of communicating agents , we convert the convergence parameter of Deffuant and Weisbuch into a parameter called self-support . Third , we present simulation results that shed light on how the number of communicating agents but also how the self-support affect opinion dynamics . The fourth contribution is a theoretically driven criterion when to stop a simulation and how to extrapolate to infinite many steps .
0708.3336	physics.bio-ph	Far-field fluorescence microscopy beyond the diffraction limit : Fluorescence imaging with ultrahigh resolution	Fluorescence microscopy is an important and extensively utilised tool for imaging biological systems . However , the image resolution that can be obtained has a limit as defined through the laws of diffraction . Demand for improved resolution has stimulated research into developing methods to image beyond the diffraction limit based on far-field fluorescence microscopy techniques . Rapid progress is being made in this area of science with methods emerging that enable fluorescence imaging in the far-field to possess a resolution well beyond the diffraction limit . This review outlines developments in far-field fluorescence methods which enable ultrahigh resolution imaging and application of these techniques to biology . Future possible trends and directions in far-field fluorescence imaging with ultrahigh resolution are also outlined .
0708.3339	physics.soc-ph physics.flu-dyn	Crowd turbulence : the physics of crowd disasters	The panic stampede is a serious concern during mass events like soccer championship games . Despite huge numbers of security forces and crowd control measures , hundreds of lives are lost in crowd disasters each year . An analysis of video recordings of the annual pilgrimage in Makkah reveals how high-density crowds develop to turbulent dynamics and earthquake-like eruptions , which is impossible to control .
0708.3350	physics.flu-dyn	Measurement of particle and bubble accelerations in turbulence	We use an extended laser Doppler technique to track optically the velocity of individual particles in a high Reynolds number turbulent flow . The particle sizes are of the order of the Kolmogorov scale and the time resolution , 30 microseconds , resolves the fastest scales of the fluid motion . Particles are tracked for mean durations of the order of 10 Kolmogorov time scales . The fastest scales of the particle motion are resolved and the particle acceleration is measured . For neutrally buoyant particles , our measurement matches the performance of the silicon strip detector technique introduced at Cornell University \cite { Voth , MordantCornell } . This reference dynamics is then compared to that of slightly heavier solid particles ( density 1.4 ) and to air bubbles . We observe that the acceleration variance strongly depends on the particle density : bubbles experience higher accelerations than fluid particles , while heavier particles have lower accelerations . We find that the probability distribution functions of accelerations normalized to the variance are very close although the air bubbles have a much faster dynamics .
0708.3360	physics.atom-ph	Coherent hard x-rays from attosecond pulse train-assisted harmonic generation	High-order harmonic generation from atomic systems is considered in the crossed fields of a relativistically strong infrared laser and a weak attosecond-pulse train of soft x-rays . Due to one-photon ionization by the x-ray pulse , the ionized electron obtains a starting momentum that compensates the relativistic drift which is induced by the laser magnetic field , and allows the electron to efficiently emit harmonic radiation upon recombination with the atomic core in the relativistic regime . In this way , short pulses of coherent hard x-rays of up to 40 keV energy and 10 as duration can be brought about .
0708.3362	physics.ao-ph	An Initial Assessment of a Clear Air Turbulence Forecasting Product	Clear air turbulence , also known as CAT , can cause damage to an aircrafts structure and , in severe cases , harm passengers . Though CAT has been thoroughly studied since the mid 1960s , scientists have not been able to create an accurate forecasting device . The product tested is known as the Deformation-Vertical Shear Index ( DVSI ) , created by Knox , Ellrod , and Williams . The DVSI is currently used by several commercial carriers and military aircraft . The general feedback has been positive ; however , results indicate that the product tends to overestimate CAT intensity .
0708.3367	physics.class-ph physics.gen-ph	Interaction of a Point Charge and a Magnet : Comments on `` Hidden Mechanical Momentum Due to Hidden Nonelectromagnetic Forces ''	The interaction of a point charge and a magnetic moment ( and by extension a point charge and a solenoid ) is explored within well-defined point-charge magnetic-moment models where full calculations are possible . It is shown explicitly how the `` hidden mechanical momentum '' is introduced by the `` hidden '' external forces of constraint , requiring a prescribed response ( through order 1/c^2 ) of the system to electromagnetic forces . These external forces often go unmentioned in the textbook and research literature . The dependence of `` hidden mechanical momentum '' upon detailed external ( nonelectromagnetic ) forces may undermine the idea 's usefulness in describing nature . Some statements of dubious validity in the textbook literature are noted .
0708.3383	physics.flu-dyn	Zonal Shear Flows with a Free Surface : Hamiltonian Formulation and Linear and Nonlinear Stability	General theoretical results via a Hamiltonian formulation are developed for zonal shear flows with the inclusion of the vortex stretching effect of the deformed free surface . These results include a generalization of the Flierl-Stern-Whitehead zero angular momentum theorem } for localized nonlinear structures on or off the beta-plane , and sufficient conditions for linear and nonlinear stability in the Liapunov sense - the latter are derived via bounds on the equilibrium potential vorticity gradient .
