0708.3421	physics.flu-dyn physics.geo-ph	Internal solitary waves in the ocean : Analysis using the periodic , inverse scattering transform	The periodic , inverse scattering transform ( PIST ) is a powerful analytical tool in the theory of integrable , nonlinear evolution equations . Osborne pioneered the use of the PIST in the analysis of data form inherently nonlinear physical processes . In particular , Osborne 's so-called nonlinear Fourier analysis has been successfully used in the study of waves whose dynamics are ( to a good approximation ) governed by the Korteweg -- de Vries equation . In this paper , the mathematical details and a new application of the PIST are discussed . The numerical aspects of and difficulties in obtaining the nonlinear Fourier ( i.e. , PIST ) spectrum of a physical data set are also addressed . In particular , an improved bracketing of the `` spectral eigenvalues '' ( i.e. , the +/-1 crossings of the Floquet discriminant ) and a new root-finding algorithm for computing the latter are proposed . Finally , it is shown how the PIST can be used to gain insightful information about the phenomenon of soliton-induced acoustic resonances , by computing the nonlinear Fourier spectrum of a data set from a simulation of internal solitary wave generation and propagation in the Yellow Sea .
0708.3454	physics.ed-ph	First-person visualizations of the special and general theory of relativity	Visualizations that adopt a first-person point of view allow observation and , in the case of interactive simulations , experimentation with relativistic scenes . This paper gives examples of three types of first-person visualizations : watching objects that move at nearly the speed of light , being a high-speed observer looking at a static environment and having a look-around near a compact object . I illustrate and explain the main aspects of the visual observations , outline their use in teaching relativity and report on teaching experiences . For teaching purposes , our visualization work is available on the web site http : //www.spacetimetravel.org and its German counterpart http : //www.tempolimit-lichtgeschwindigkeit.de . This paper assumes some basic knowledge about relativity on the part of the reader . It addresses instructors of physics at the undergraduate and advanced secondary school level as well as their students .
