0712.2506	physics.comp-ph physics.flu-dyn physics.plasm-ph	A semi-implicit Hall-MHD solver using whistler wave preconditioning	The dispersive character of the Hall-MHD solutions , in particular the whistler waves , is a strong restriction to numerical treatments of this system . Numerical stability demands a time step dependence of the form $ \Delta t\propto ( \Delta x ) ^2 $ for explicit calculations . A new semi -- implicit scheme for integrating the induction equation is proposed and applied to a reconnection problem . It it based on a fix point iteration with a physically motivated preconditioning . Due to its convergence properties , short wavelengths converge faster than long ones , thus it can be used as a smoother in a nonlinear multigrid method .
0712.2510	physics.optics	Observing Zitterbewegung for photons near the Dirac point of a two-dimensional photonic crystal	It is shown , for the first time , that the zitterbewegung of photon can appear near the Dirac point in two-dimensional photonic crystal . The superiority of such a phenomenon for photons is that it can be found in different scaling structures with wide frequency regions . It can be observed by measuring the time dependence of the transmission coefficient through photonic crystal slabs . Thus , it is particularly suited for experimentally observing this effect . We have observed such a phenomenon by exact numerical simulations , confirming a long-standing theoretical prediction .
0712.2529	physics.optics	Singularities in Speckled Speckle	Speckle patterns produced by random optical fields with two ( or more ) widely different correlation lengths exhibit speckle spots that are themselves highly speckled . Using computer simulations and analytic theory we present results for the point singularities of speckled speckle fields : optical vortices in scalar ( one polarization component ) fields ; C points in vector ( two polarization component ) fields . In single correlation length fields both types of singularities tend to be more { } -or { } -less uniformly distributed . In contrast , the singularity structure of speckled speckle is anomalous : for some sets of source parameters vortices and C points tend to form widely separated giant clusters , for other parameter sets these singularities tend to form chains that surround large empty regions . The critical point statistics of speckled speckle is also anomalous . In scalar ( vector ) single correlation length fields phase ( azimuthal ) extrema are always outnumbered by vortices ( C points ) . In contrast , in speckled speckle fields , phase extrema can outnumber vortices , and azimuthal extrema can outnumber C points , by factors that can easily exceed $ 10^ { 4 } $ for experimentally realistic source parameters .
0712.2530	physics.gen-ph	Entanglement Telegraphed Communication Avoiding Light-speed Limitation by Hong Ou Mandel Effect	Faster-than-light communication is possible via quantum entanglement in an EPR experiment if one can overcome nature 's `` quantum modesty '' and gain knowledge concerning the quantum state of a single photon . Using a special EPR source that produces precisely timed doublets of EPR photons ( biphotons ) , I show how one can gain additional information about the photon 's polarization state -- information not accessible using the conventional one-photon-at-a-time EPR setup . Using the Hong-Ou-Mandel effect that describes how two identical photons combine at a neutral beamsplitter ( NBS ) , I show how Bob can obtain enough polarization information about his B photons to unambiguously ascertain the polarization basis of Alice 's distant measurement device which she has deployed to measure her A photons . I am proposing , in short , that EPR + HOM = FTL . Version 2 concludes with a refutation of its FTL claim due to Lev Vaidman .
0712.2531	physics.comp-ph physics.chem-ph	Single-Sweep Methods for Free Energy Calculations	A simple , efficient , and accurate method is proposed to map multi-dimensional free energy landscapes . The method combines the temperature-accelerated molecular dynamics ( TAMD ) proposed in [ Maragliano & Vanden-Eijnden , Chem . Phys . Lett . 426 , 168 ( 2006 ) ] with a variational reconstruction method using radial-basis functions for the representation of the free energy . TAMD is used to rapidly sweep through the important regions of the free energy landscape and compute the gradient of the free energy locally at points in these regions . The variational method is then used to reconstruct the free energy globally from the mean force at these points . The algorithmic aspects of the single-sweep method are explained in detail , and the method is tested on simple examples , compared to metadynamics , and finally used to compute the free energy of the solvated alanine dipeptide in two and four dihedral angles .
0712.2543	physics.flu-dyn astro-ph physics.plasm-ph	Magnetized Ekman Layer and Stewartson Layer in a Magnetized Taylor-Couette Flow	In this paper we present axisymmetric nonlinear simulations of magnetized Ekman and Stewartson layers in a magnetized Taylor-Couette flow with a centrifugally stable angular-momemtum profile and with a magnetic Reynolds number below the threshold of magnetorotational instability . The magnetic field is found to inhibit the Ekman suction . The width of the Ekman layer is reduced with increased magnetic field normal to the end plate . A uniformly-rotating region forms near the outer cylinder . A strong magnetic field leads to a steady Stewartson layer emanating from the junction between differentially rotating rings at the endcaps . The Stewartson layer becomes thinner with larger Reynolds number and penetrates deeper into the bulk flow with stronger magnetic field and larger Reynolds number . However , at Reynolds number larger than a critical value $ \sim 600 $ , axisymmetric , and perhaps also nonaxisymmetric , instabilities occur and result in a less prominent Stewartson layer that extends less far from the boundary .
0712.2547	physics.optics	Quantitative broadband chemical sensing in air-suspended solid-core fibers	We demonstrate a quantitative broadband fiber sensor , based on evanescent field sensing in the cladding holes of an air-suspended solid-core photonic crystal fiber . We discuss the fabrication process , together with the structural- and optical characterization of a range of different fibers . Measured mode profiles are in good agreement with finite element method calculations made without free parameters . The fraction of the light in the hollow cladding can be tuned via the core diameter of the fiber . Dispersion measurements are in excellent agreement with theory and demonstrate tuning of the zero dispersion wavelength via the core diameter . Optimum design parameters for absorption sensors are discussed using a general parameter diagram . From our analysis , we estimate that a sensitivity increase of three orders of magnitude is feasible compared to standard cuvette measurements . Our study applies to both liquid and gas fiber sensors . We demonstrate the applicability of our results to liquid chemical sensing by measuring the broad absorption peak of an aqueous nickel chloride solution . We find striking agreement with the reference spectrum measured in a standard cuvette , even though the sample volume has decreased by three orders of magnitude . Our results demonstrate that air-suspended solid-core PCFs can be used in quantitative broadband chemical sensing measurements .
