0709.3565	physics.optics	Control of Goos-Hanchen shift of a light beam via a coherent driving field	We present a proposal to manipulate the Goos-Hanchen shift of a light beam via a coherent control field , which is injected into a cavity configuration containing the two-level atomic medium . It is found that the lateral shifts of the reflected and transmitted probe beams can be easily controlled by adjusting the intensity and detuning of the control field . Using this scheme , the lateral shift at the fixed incident angle can be enhanced ( positive or negative ) under the suitable conditions on the control field , without changing the structure of the cavity .
0709.3575	physics.plasm-ph astro-ph	Ferromagnetic behavior in magnetized plasmas	We consider a low-temperature plasma within a newly developed MHD Fluid model . In addition to the standard terms , the electron spin , quantum particle dispersion and degeneracy effects are included . It turns out that the electron spin properties can give rise to Ferromagnetic behavior in certain regimes . If additional conditions are fulfilled , a homogenous magnetized plasma can even be unstable . This happen in the low-temperature high-density regime , when the magnetic properties associated with the spin can overcome the stabilizing effects of the thermal and Fermi pressure , to cause a Jeans like instability .
0709.3577	physics.atom-ph physics.comp-ph	Wavefunctions of Auger Electrons Emitted from Copper Atoms : A Computational Study	An elaborate least-squares variational technique is proposed for obtaining improved continuum wavefunctions of Auger electrons emitted from arbitrary systems the electronic structures of which are determined via one of the computer codes available . A computer program is developed on the basis of this technique for calculating the Auger transition rates using the angular momentum average scheme . The program is employed for investigating the emission of Auger electrons as a consequence of K- shell ionizations of two configurations of copper atoms . A comparison is presented between the improved Auger transitions and the ones determined using conventional Hartree-Fock codes . The results emphasize the argument that ( 3p to 3d3d ) is the dominant transition in both configurations of the copper atoms . There is a minimal change in the values of the Auger transition rates obtained from these configurations . It is anticipated that the improved continuum wavefunctions provide closer results to the experimental ones .
0709.3578	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph	Emission of K - , L - and M - Auger Electrons from Cu Atoms	The emission of Auger electrons from the K- , L- and M-sheels of two configurations of copper atoms is investigated in detail within the frame work of the momentum average technique . Ab initio calculations for the bound state wavefunctions of the ionized atoms are performed using a Gaussian computer code . The continuum wavefunctions of the emitted electrons are determined by employing an effective potential variational approach . Slight differences have been noticed between the results of both configurations . The transition rates , energies and widths of all possible Auger electrons are listed in Tables . Slight differences have been noticed between the results of the two types of copper atoms .
0709.3580	physics.atom-ph physics.gen-ph	Charged particle in the field an electric quadrupole in two dimensions	We obtain analytic solution of the time-independent Schrodinger equation in two dimensions for a charged particle moving in the field of an electric quadrupole . The solution is written as a series in terms of special functions that support a tridiagonal matrix representation for the angular and radial components of the wave operator . This solution is for all energies , the discrete ( for bound states ) as well as the continuous ( for scattering states ) . The expansion coefficients of the wavefunction are written in terms of orthogonal polynomials satisfying three-term recursion relations . The charged particle could become bound to the quadrupole only if its moment exceeds a certain critical value .
0709.3584	physics.class-ph physics.gen-ph	100 Years of dimensional analysis : New steps toward empirical law deduction	On the verge of the centenary of dimensional analysis ( DA ) , we present a generalisation of the theory and a methodology for the discovery of empirical laws from observational data . It is well known that DA : a ) reduces the number of free parameters , b ) guarantees scale invariance through dimensional homogeneity and c ) extracts functional information encoded in the dimensionless grouping of variables . Less known are the results of Rudolph and co-workers that DA also gives rise to a new pair of transforms - the similarity transform ( S ) that converts physical dimensional data into dimensionless space and its inverse ( S ' ) . Here , we present a new matrix generalisation of the Buckingham Theorem , made possible by recent developments in the theory of inverse non-square matrices , and show how the transform pair arises naturally . We demonstrate that the inverse transform S ' is non-unique and how this casts doubt on scaling relations obtained in cases where observational data has not been referred to in order to break the degeneracy inherent in transforming back to dimensional ( physical ) space . As an example , we show how the underlying functional form of the Planck Radiation Law can be deduced in only a few lines using the matrix method and without appealing to first principles ; thus demonstrating the possibility of a priori knowledge discovery ; but that subsequent data analysis is still required in order to identify the exact causal law . It is hoped that the proof presented here will give theoreticians confidence to pursue inverse problems in physics using DA .
0709.3607	physics.class-ph	Toroidal metamaterial	It is shown that a new type of metamaterial , a 3D-array of toroidal solenoids , displays a significant toroidal response that can be readily measured . This is in sharp contrast to materials that exist in nature , where the toroidal component is weak and hardly measurable . The existence of an optimal configuration , maximizing the interaction with an external electromagnetic field , is demonstrated . In addition , it is found that a characteristic feature of the magnetic toroidal response is its strong dependence on the background dielectric permittivity of the host material , which suggests possible applications . Negative refraction and backward waves exist in a composite toroidal metamaterial , consisting of an array of wires and an array of toroidal solenoids .
0709.3612	physics.ins-det	Overview and Status of the CMS Silicon Strip Tracker	The CMS experiment at the LHC features the largest Silicon Strip Detector ever built . The impact of the operating conditions and physics requirements on the design choices of the CMS Silicon Tracker is reviewed . The readiness of the Silicon Strip Tracker for the tentatively scheduled CMS commissioning in Summer 2008 is briefly described .
