0705.1817	physics.optics	Nonlinear optics and light localization in periodic photonic lattices	We review the recent developments in the field of photonic lattices emphasizing their unique properties for controlling linear and nonlinear propagation of light . We draw some important links between optical lattices and photonic crystals pointing towards practical applications in optical communications and computing , beam shaping , and bio-sensing .
0705.1831	physics.bio-ph physics.med-ph	Continuous Magnetophoretic Separation of Blood Cells from Plasma at the Microscale	We present a method for the direct and continuous separation of red and white blood cells from plasma at the microscale . The method is implemented in a microfluidic system with magnetic functionality . The fluidic structure within the microsystem consists of an inlet and a single microfluidic channel with multiple outlets . The magnetic functionality is provided by an array of integrated soft-magnetic elements that are embedded transverse and adjacent to the microchannel . The elements are magnetized using an external field , and once magnetized they produce a magnetic force on blood cells as they flow through the microchannel . In whole blood , white blood cells ( WBCs ) behave as diamagnetic microparticles , while red blood cells ( RBCs ) exhibit diamagnetic or paramagnetic behavior depending on the oxygenation of their hemoglobin . We study the motion of blood cells through the microchannel using a mathematical model that takes into account the magnetic , fluidic and gravitational forces on the cells . We use the model to study blood cell separation , and our analysis indicates that the microsystem is capable of separating WBC-rich plasma , deoxygenated RBC-rich plasma and cell-depleted plasma into respective outlets .
0705.1838	physics.soc-ph	Physics of randomness and regularities for cities , languages , and their lifetimes and family trees	Time evolution of the cities and of the languages is considered in terms of multiplicative noise and fragmentation processes ; where power law ( Pareto-Zipf law ) and slightly asymmetric log-normal ( Gauss ) distribution result for the size distribution of the cities and for that of the languages , respectively . The cities and the languages are treated differently ( and as connected ; for example , the languages split in terms of splitting the cities , etc . ) and thus two distributions are obtained in the same computation at the same time . Evolutions of lifetimes and families for the cities and the languages are also studied . We suggest that the regularities may be evolving out of randomness , in terms of the relevant processes .
0705.1845	physics.bio-ph cond-mat.soft physics.chem-ph q-bio.BM	Introduction to protein folding for physicists	The prediction of the three-dimensional native structure of proteins from the knowledge of their amino acid sequence , known as the protein folding problem , is one of the most important yet unsolved issues of modern science . Since the conformational behaviour of flexible molecules is nothing more than a complex physical problem , increasingly more physicists are moving into the study of protein systems , bringing with them powerful mathematical and computational tools , as well as the sharp intuition and deep images inherent to the physics discipline . This work attempts to facilitate the first steps of such a transition . In order to achieve this goal , we provide an exhaustive account of the reasons underlying the protein folding problem enormous relevance and summarize the present-day status of the methods aimed to solving it . We also provide an introduction to the particular structure of these biological heteropolymers , and we physically define the problem stating the assumptions behind this ( commonly implicit ) definition . Finally , we review the 'special flavor ' of statistical mechanics that is typically used to study the astronomically large phase spaces of macromolecules . Throughout the whole work , much material that is found scattered in the literature has been put together here to improve comprehension and to serve as a handy reference .
