0711.0439	physics.gen-ph	A new equation of state for dark energy	In the contemporary Cosmology , dark energy is modeled as a perfect fluid , having a very simple equation of state : pressure is proportional to dark energy density . As an alternative , I propose a more complex equation of state , with pressure being function of three variables : dark energy density , matter density and the size of the Universe . One consequence of the new equation is that , in the late-time Universe , cosmological scale factor is linear function of time ; while the standard cosmology predicts an exponential function.The new equation of state allows attributing a temperature to the physical vacuum , a temperature proportional to the acceleration of the expansion of the Universe . The vacuum temperature decreases with the expansion of the Universe , approaching ( but never reaching ) the absolute zero .
0711.0452	physics.ed-ph physics.optics	Light and Electromagnetic Waves Teaching in Engineering Education	Suggestion of physics laboratory exercises and discussion of the physics laboratory curricula for engineering majors where the properties of light and electromagnetic waves are studied in parallel . It is shown that one of the important educational advantages of an experimental study of the properties of microwaves as an example of electromagnetic waves simultaneously with the properties of light are , on one hand , visualization of the properties of microwaves , and on the other hand , provide evidences that light is an electromagnetic wave .
0711.0453	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph	Inner-shell Annihilation of Positrons in Argon , Iron and Copper Atoms	The annihilation parameters of positrons with electrons in different shells of Argon , Iron and Copper atoms are calculated below the positronium ( Ps ) formation thresholds . Quite accurate ab initio calculations of the bound state wavefunctions of Argon , Iron and Copper orbitals are obtained from Cowan computer code . A least-squares variational method ( LSVM ) is used for determining the wavefunction of the positrons . The program is employed for calculating the s-wave partial cross sections of positrons scattered by Iron and Copper atoms . Our results of the effective charge are compared with available experimental and theoretical ones . --
0711.0454	physics.optics cond-mat.other nlin.PS physics.class-ph	Driving light pulses with light in two-level media	A two-level medium , described by the Maxwell-Bloch ( MB ) system , is engraved by establishing a standing cavity wave with a linearly polarized electromagnetic field that drives the medium on both ends . A light pulse , polarized along the other direction , then scatters the medium and couples to the cavity standing wave by means of the population inversion density variations . We demonstrate that control of the applied amplitudes of the grating field allows to stop the light pulse and to make it move backward ( eventually to drive it freely ) . A simplified limit model of the MB system with variable boundary driving is obtained as a discrete nonlinear Schroedinger equation with tunable external potential . It reproduces qualitatively the dynamics of the driven light pulse .
0711.0491	physics.soc-ph	Community Detection in Complex Networks Using Genetic Algorithms	Community detection is an important research topic in complex networks . We present the employment of a genetic algorithm to detect communities in complex networks which is based on optimizing network modularity . It does not need any prior knowledge about the number of communities . Its performance is tested on two real life networks with known community structures and a set of synthetic networks . As the performance measure an information theoretical metric variation of information is used . The results are promising and in some cases better than previously reported studies .
