0708.2962	physics.gen-ph	Thermodynamics of Ideal Gas in Cosmology	The equation of state and the state functions for the gravitational source are necessary conditions for solving cosmological model and stellar structure . The usual treatments are directly based on the laws of thermodynamics , and the physical meanings of some concepts are obscure . This letter show that , we can actually derive all explicit fundamental state functions for the ideal gas in the context of cosmology via rigorous dynamical and statistical calculation . These relations have clear physical meanings , and are valid in both non-relativistic and ultra-relativistic cases . Some features of the equation of state are important for a stable structure of a star with huge mass .
0708.2971	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an q-bio.PE	Indo-European languages tree by Levenshtein distance	The evolution of languages closely resembles the evolution of haploid organisms . This similarity has been recently exploited \cite { GA , GJ } to construct language trees . The key point is the definition of a distance among all pairs of languages which is the analogous of a genetic distance . Many methods have been proposed to define these distances , one of this , used by glottochronology , compute distance from the percentage of shared `` cognates '' . Cognates are words inferred to have a common historical origin , and subjective judgment plays a relevant role in the identification process . Here we push closer the analogy with evolutionary biology and we introduce a genetic distance among language pairs by considering a renormalized Levenshtein distance among words with same meaning and averaging on all the words contained in a Swadesh list \cite { Sw } . The subjectivity of process is consistently reduced and the reproducibility is highly facilitated . We test our method against the Indo-European group considering fifty different languages and the two hundred words of the Swadesh list for any of them . We find out a tree which closely resembles the one published in \cite { GA } with some significant differences .
0708.2972	physics.gen-ph	The inverse fallacy and quantum formalism	In the present article we consider the inverse fallacy , a well known cognitive heuristic experimentally tested in cognitive science , which occurs for intuitive judgments in situations of bounded rationality . We show that the quantum formalism can be used to describe in a very simple and general way this fallacy within the quantum formalism . Thus we suggest that in cognitive science the formalism of quantum mechanics can be used to describe a quantum regime , the bounded-rationality regime , where the cognitive heuristics are valid .
0708.2981	physics.soc-ph	A stabilization theorem for dynamics of continuous opinions	A stabilization theorem for processes of opinion dynamics is presented . The theorem is applicable to a wide class of models of continuous opinion dynamics based on averaging ( like the models of Hegselmann-Krause and Weisbuch-Deffuant ) . The analysis detects self-confidence as a driving force of stabilization .
0708.2982	physics.ins-det	ILC Positron Production Target Simulation	A photon-positron conversion target of the undulator or laser based polarized positron source is optimized using a modified GEANT-3 program adapted to count the spin transfer . High intensity positron beam with around 0.75 polarisation could be achieved choosing tungsten conversion target of 0.3 and 0.7 radiation lengths for the undulator and laser case respectively .
0708.2991	physics.atom-ph	Shape resonances in modified effective range theory for electron-molecule collisions	We develop a simple model of shape resonances in electron-molecule collisions that is based on the modified effective-range expansion and analytical solutions of the Schrodinger equation for the long-range part of the interaction potential . We apply our model to electron scattering on N $ _2 $ and CO $ _2 $ . The parameters of the effective-range expansion ( i.e . the scattering length and the effective range ) are determined from experimental , integral elastic cross sections in the 0.1 - 1.0 eV energy range . For both molecular targets our treatment predicts shape resonances that appear slightly higher than experimentally known resonances in total cross sections . Agreement with the experiment can be improved by assuming the position of the resonance in a given partial wave . Influence of quadrupole potential on resonances is also discussed : it can be disregarded for N $ _2 $ but gets significant for CO $ _2 $ . In conclusion , our model developed within the effective range formalism reproduces well both the very low-energy behavior of the integral cross section as well as the presence of resonances in the few eV range .
0708.2993	physics.gen-ph	Quantum-like Description of Probabilistic Data from Shafir-Tversky Experiments : evidence of trigonometric and hyperbolic ( ! ) interference	In this paper we present quantum-like ( QL ) representation of the Shafir-Tversky statistical effect . We apply so called contextual approach . The Shafir-Tversky effect is considered as a consequence of combination of a number of incompatible contexts which are involved e.g . in Prisoner 's Dilemma or in more general games inducing the disjunction effect . As a consequence , the law of total probability is violated for experimental data obtained by Shafir and Tversky ( 1992 ) as well as Tversky and Shafir ( 1992 ) . Moreover , we can find a numerical measure of contextual incompatibility ( so called coefficient of interference ) as well as represent contexts which are involved in Prisoner's Dilemma ( PD ) by probability amplitudes -- normalized vectors ( `` mental wave functions '' ) . We remark that statistical data from Shafir and Tversky ( 1992 ) and Tversky and Shafir ( 1992 ) experiments differ crucially from the point of view of mental interference . The second one exhibits the conventional trigonometric ( $ \cos $ -type ) interference , but the first one exhibits so called hyperbolic ( $ \cosh $ -type ) interference . We discuss QL processing of information by cognitive systems , in particular , QL decision making as well as classical and QL rationality .
0708.2999	physics.data-an	On the estimation of a parameter with incomplete knowledge on a nuisance parameter	In this paper we consider the problem of estimating a parameter of a probability distribution when we have some prior information on a nuisance parameter . We start by the very simple case where we know perfectly the value of the nuisance parameter . The complete likelihood is the classical tool in this case . Then , progressively , we consider the case where we are given a prior probability distribution on this nuisance parameter . The marginal likelihood is then the classical tool in this case . Then , we consider the case where we only have a fixed number of its moments . Here , we may use the maximum entropy ( ME ) principle to assign a prior law and thus go back to the previous case . Finally , we consider the case where we know only its median . In our knowledge , there is not any classical tool for this case . We propose then a new tool for this case based on a recently proposed alternative distribution to the marginal probability distribution . This new criterion is obtained by first remarking that the marginal distribution can be considered as the mean value of the original distribution over the prior probability law of the nuisance parameter , and then , by using the median in place of the mean . In this paper , we first summarize the classical tools used for the three first cases , then we give the precise definition of this new criterion and its properties and , finally , present a few examples to show the differences of these cases . Key Words : Nuisance parameter , Bayesian inference , Maximum Entropy , Marginalization , Incomplete knowledge , Mean and Median of the Likelihood over the prior distribution
0708.3013	physics.data-an	Bayesian segmentation of hyperspectral images	In this paper we consider the problem of joint segmentation of hyperspectral images in the Bayesian framework . The proposed approach is based on a Hidden Markov Modeling ( HMM ) of the images with common segmentation , or equivalently with common hidden classification label variables which is modeled by a Potts Markov Random Field . We introduce an appropriate Markov Chain Monte Carlo ( MCMC ) algorithm to implement the method and show some simulation results .
0708.3108	physics.optics	Plasmonic Bragg Reflectors for Subwavelength Hole Arrays in a Metal Film	We present plasmonic Bragg reflectors for increasing the extraordinary optical transmission through periodic arrays of subwavelength apertures in a metal film . The increase in transmission arises by preventing loss at the edges of the array . The plasmonic Bragg reflectors have periodicity of half the usual array 's periodicity . Nano-hole arrays flanked thus by reflectors exchibited double the transmission as compared to the arrays without reflectors . These structures may also be used to isolate devices in plasmonic integrated circuits .
