0710.3441	physics.ins-det	Electron - nuclear recoil discrimination by pulse shape analysis	In the framework of the `` ULTIMA '' project , we use ultra cold superfluid 3He bolometers for the direct detection of single particle events , aimed for a future use as a dark matter detector . One parameter of the pulse shape observed after such an event is the thermalization time constant . Until now it was believed that this parameter only depends on geometrical factors and superfluid 3He properties , and that it is independent of the nature of the incident particles . In this report we show new results which demonstrate that a difference for muon- and neutron events , as well as events simulated by heater pulses exist . The possibility to use this difference for event discrimination in a future dark matter detector will be discussed .
0710.3483	physics.gen-ph	On Dimensional Analysis , Redundancy in set of fundamental quantities and Proposal of a New Set	Inclusion of redundant fundamental quantities in SI system has resulted in lot of ambiguities and confusion in modern theories . The incompatibilities between the existing theories can possibly be due to incorrect assumption of fundamental quantities and existence of newer fundamental quantities . This paper is an attempt to eliminate the redundancy in the SI system using random mathematical mappings done through a computer program on SI system to New System . Each mathematical mapping is studied manually . Out of 1000 random mathematical mappings generated using a Computer Program , a mapping with three fundamental quantities is found to describe a non-redundant and intuitive set of Fundamental quantities . This paper also proposes the possible existence of a new fundamental quantity . A significant attempt is made to understand the advantages of new system over SI system . The relations between the set { Mass , length , time , current , and temperature } and new set of three fundamental quantities are calculated . The paper also describes the intuitive reasons favoring the new fundamental set of quantities .
0710.3489	physics.gen-ph	Misssing experiments in relativity and gravity	The proposal is submitted for the measurement of the relativistic length contraction using the nanoscopic dumbbell moving in LHC or ILC . Some paradoxes concerning the length contraction and simultaneity are discussed . The dynamical states of rods and strings accelerated by the gravitational field and non-gravitational field are discussed . The realizaton of the acceleration of the nanotube charged dumbbell in LHC , ILC and other accelerators is evidently the prestige problem for the experts working in the accelerator physiocs .
0710.3497	physics.class-ph physics.flu-dyn	Applicability of Boussinesq approximation in a turbulent fluid with constant properties	The equations of motion describing buoyant fluids are often simplified using a set of approximations proposed by J. Boussinesq one century ago . To resume , they consist in assuming constant fluid properties , incompressibility and conservation of calories during heat transport . Assuming fulfilment of the first requirement ( constant fluid properties ) , we derive a set of 4 criteria for assessing the validity of the two other requirements in turbulent Rayleigh-B\'enard convection . The first criterion $ \alpha \Delta \ll 1 $ simply results from the incompressibility condition in the thermal boundary layer ( $ \alpha $ and $ \Delta $ are the thermal expansion coefficient and the temperature difference driving the flow ) . The 3 other criteria are proportional or quadratic with the density stratification or , equivalently with the temperature difference resulting from the adiabatic gradient across the cell $ \Delta_ { h } $ . Numerical evaluations with air , water and cryogenic helium show that most laboratory experiments are free from such Boussinesq violation as long as the first criterion is fulfilled . In ultra high Rayleigh numbers ( $ Ra > 10^ { 16 } $ ) experiments in He , one of the stratification criteria , scaling with $ \alpha \Delta_ { h } $ , could be violated . This criterion garanties that pressure fluctuations have a negligible influence both on the density variation and on the heat transfer equation through compression/expansion cycles . Extrapolation to higher $ Ra $ suggests that strong violation of Boussinesq approximation could occur in atmospheric convection .
0710.3563	physics.plasm-ph	Langmuir wave filamentation instability	A Langmuir wave ( LW ) model is constructed whose equilibria are consistent with stimulated Raman scatter optimization , with Hamiltonian dynamics and with rotational invariance . Linear instability analysis includes terms to all orders in wave amplitude and fluctuation wavenumber expansions , deltak . Resultant LW modulational instability is nonstandard : as the LW amplitude increases , unstable deltak range first expands and then shrinks to zero . Large amplitude wave model dynamics requires hyper-diffraction terms if k LambdaD < 0.45 , lest artificially small length scales become unstable .
0710.3566	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Markov Chain Methods For Analyzing Complex Transport Networks	We have developed a steady state theory of complex transport networks used to model the flow of commodity , information , viruses , opinions , or traffic . Our approach is based on the use of the Markov chains defined on the graph representations of transport networks allowing for the effective network design , network performance evaluation , embedding , partitioning , and network fault tolerance analysis . Random walks embed graphs into Euclidean space in which distances and angles acquire a clear statistical interpretation . Being defined on the dual graph representations of transport networks random walks describe the equilibrium configurations of not random commodity flows on primary graphs . This theory unifies many network concepts into one framework and can also be elegantly extended to describe networks represented by directed graphs and multiple interacting networks .
0710.3575	physics.optics	Fundamental Limit to Linear One-Dimensional Slow Light Structures	Using a new general approach to limits in optical structures that counts orthogonal waves generated by scattering , we derive an upper limit to the number of bits of delay possible in one-dimensional slow light structures that are based on linear optical response to the signal field . The limit is essentially the product of the length of the structure in wavelengths and the largest relative change in dielectric constant anywhere in the structure at any frequency of interest . It holds for refractive index , absorption or gain variations with arbitrary spectral or spatial form . It is otherwise completely independent of the details of the structure 's design , and does not rely on concepts of group velocity or group delay .
0710.3580	physics.comp-ph hep-ph	Computer Based Analytical Simulations of the Chiral Hadronic Processes	The availability of computational modeling tools for subatomic physics ( Form , FeynArts , FormCalc , and FeynCalc ) has made it possible to perform sophisticated calculations in perturbative quantum field theory . We have adapted these packages in order to apply them to the effective chiral field theory of hadronic interactions . A detailed description of this Computational Hadronic Model is presented here , along with sample calculations .
0710.3583	physics.chem-ph physics.comp-ph	Off-center impurity in alkali halides : reorientation , electric polarization and pairing to F center . IV . Reorientational rate	This last Part IV is aimed at deriving relaxation rates ( times ) of an off-center Li+ impurity . We follow Christov 's reaction rate method to define general rate equations in terms of the exact Mathieu eigenvalues , as well as of harmonic-oscillator eigenvalues approximating for the energy spectrum near the bottom of the reorientational wells . To calculate the rate in each particular case , we derive configurational tunneling probabilities by either Mathieu eigenfunctions or by harmonic oscillator eigenfunctions . The electron-transfer probability is calculated by generalizing Landau-Zener 's method . Typical examples are considered and compared with experimental relaxation times in KCl : Li+ .
