0707.3871	physics.gen-ph	On the Clausius theorem	We show that for a metastable system there exists a theoretical possibility of a violation of the Clausius inequality without a violation of the second law . Possibilities of experimental detection of this hypothetical violation are pointed out .
0707.3935	physics.acc-ph physics.atom-ph physics.gen-ph	A Possibility of Volume Refraction of Negative Relativistic Particles in Bent Crystals	The volume coherent deflection of high-energy positive and negative particles in uniformly bent crystals is studied . The general analysis of potential scattering shows that the standard screening potential for a large class of collisions can cause the volume refraction for negative particles ( antiprotons , electrons ) instead of the volume reflection for positive particles ( proton , positrons ) .
0707.3958	physics.bio-ph physics.gen-ph	Control parameters in turbulence , Self Organized Criticality and ecosystems	From the starting point of the well known Reynolds number of fluid turbulence we propose a control parameter $ R $ for a wider class of systems including avalanche models that show Self Organized Criticality ( SOC ) and ecosystems . $ R $ is related to the driving and dissipation rates and from similarity analysis we obtain a relationship $ R\sim N^ { \beta_N } $ where $ N $ is the number of degrees of freedom . The value of the exponent $ \beta_N $ is determined by detailed phenomenology but its sign follows from our similarity analysis . For SOC , $ R=h/\epsilon $ and we show that $ \beta_N < 0 $ hence we show independent of the details that the transition to SOC is when $ R \to 0 $ , in contrast to fluid turbulence , formalizing the relationship between turbulence ( since $ \beta_N > 0 $ , $ R \to \infty $ ) and SOC ( $ R=h/\epsilon\to 0 $ ) . A corollary is that SOC phenomenology , that is , power law scaling of avalanches , can persist for finite $ R $ with unchanged exponent if the system supports a sufficiently large range of lengthscales ; necessary for SOC to be a candidate for physical systems . We propose a conceptual model ecosystem where $ R $ is an observable parameter which depends on the rate of throughput of biomass or energy ; we show this has $ \beta_N > 0 $ , so that increasing $ R $ increases the abundance of species , pointing to a critical value for species 'explosion ' .
0707.3960	physics.gen-ph	P-V-T equation of state of epsilon iron and its densities at core conditions	The author 's new p-V-T Equation of State is tested against the available experiments of epsilon iron . The root-mean-square-deviations ( RMSD ) of the molar volume , pressure , and temperature are 0.021 cm3 , 2.0 GPa and 144.9 K respectively . Separating the experiments into 200 K ranges the new EoS was compared to the most widely used finite strain , interatomic potential , and empirical isothermal EoSs such as the Burch-Murnaghan , the Vinet , and the Roy-Roy respectively . Correlation coefficients , RMSDs of the residuals and Akaike Information Criteria were used for evaluating the fittings . Based on these fitting parameters the new p-V-T EoS is equal or better than the conventional isothermal EoSs . The newly defined parameters were used to calculate the density of the inner core . The calculated densities are significantly lower than the current consensus indicating that it might be too early excluding the possibility of a pure iron-nickel core with no light elements .
0707.3965	physics.gen-ph	Haar Wavelets and the Origin of Gravitational Inertia	Spacetime is considered to be everywhere Minkowski except at the location where a signal wave of energy interacts with the gravitational field . The conformal metric f [ k ( x-vt ) ] Nuv is suitably chosen to represent this interaction , where f [ k ( x-vt ) ] is a generalized wave or signal function . Parametrized and Taylor expanded at zero , the spacetime metric is transformed into a Haar wavelet having parameter width tau . Applying the Haar metric to the time component of General Relativistic wave equation reduces it from a second ordered covariant differential equation to a first ordered partial differential equation that allows the Einstein Tensor to be easily be expressed in the familiar Poisson form for gravitation . By comparison with the matter density of this equation , to the Haar-Einstein result , shows that the wavelength of a graviton becomes the fundamental source for gravitational attraction . Since the signal wave is unidirectional , it strongly supports Machs assumption that inertia arises from all the matter in the universe . Furthermore , because the Haar metric is conformal , the signal metric is solved for exactly .
0707.3968	physics.gen-ph	Phenomenology for Supernova Ia Data Based on a New Cosmic Time	A new phenomenological theory for the expansion of our universe is presented . Because fundamental supporting theory is still in development , its discussion is not presented in this paper . The theory is based on a new algebraic expression for cosmic time G Rho t^2=3/32Pi , which correctly predicts the WMAP measured cosmological constants and the fundamental Hubble parameter H ( t ) for the expansion of the universe . A replacement for dark matter , called here `` dark mass '' , is proposed which scales as with the expansion and incorporated . It does not react with ordinary matter , except gravitationally , and produces flat rotational curves for spiral galaxies . Also a new expression for the approaching velocity of radiation in a closed 3-sphere expanding universe is given that accounts for the early degrading negative approach of radiation for z > 1.7 . The expression is v = Hr-c . Combining these three elements produces a luminosity distance dL that successfully predicts the apparent magnitude of exploding supernova Ia stars and even the new gamma ray bursts with no need for dark energy or acceleration of the expansion of the universe .
0707.3990	physics.gen-ph physics.space-ph	Inflatable Dome for Moon , Mars , Asteroids and Satellites	On a planet without atmosphere , sustaining human life is very difficult and dangerous , especially during short sunlit period when low temperature prevails . To counter these environmental stresses , the author offer an innovative artificial `` Evergreen '' dome , an inflated hemisphere with interiors continuously providing a climate like that of Florida , Italy and Spain . The `` Evergreen '' dome theory is developed , substantiated by computations that show it is possible for current technology to construct and heat large enclosed volumes inexpensively . Specifically , a satisfactory result is reached by using magnetic suspended at high altitude sunlight reflectors and a special double thin film as a skin , which concentrates solar energy inside the dome while , at the same time , markedly decreasing the heat loss to exterior space . Offered design may be employed for settlements on the Moon , Mars , asteroids and satellites .
0707.3992	physics.gen-ph physics.space-ph	Quantum Signatures of Solar System Dynamics	Let w ( i ) be a period of rotation of the i-th planet around the Sun ( or w ( j ; i ) be a period of rotation of j-th satellite around the i-th planet ) . From empirical observations it is known that the sum of n ( i ) w ( i ) =0 ( or the sum of n ( j ) w ( j ; i ) =0 ) for some integers n ( i ) ( or n ( j ) ) , different for different satellite systems . These conditions , known as resonance conditions , make uses of theories such as KAM difficult to implement . The resonances in Solar System are similar to those encountered in old quantum mechanics where applications of methods of celestial mechanics to atomic and molecular physics were highly sucsessful . With such a success , the birth of new quantum mechanics is difficult to understand . In short , the rationale for its birth lies in simplicity with which the same type of calculations are done using new methods capable of taking care of resonances . The solution of quantization puzzle was found by Heisenberg . In this paper new uses of Heisenberg 's ideas are found . When superimposed with the equivalence principle of general relativity , they lead to quantum mechanical tratment of observed resonances in Solar System . To test correctness of our theoretical predictions the number of allowed stable orbits for planets and for equatorial stable orbits of satellites of heavy planets is calculated resulting in good agreement with observational data . In addition , the paper briefly discusses quantum mechanical nature of rings of heavy planets and potential usefulness of the obtained results for cosmology .
0707.4013	physics.ins-det	Contributions of Cherenkov Light to the Signals from Lead Tungstate Crystals	Results are presented of detailed measurements of the signals generated by high-energy electrons and muons in lead tungstate crystals . A significant fraction of the light produced in these crystals and detected by photomultiplier tubes is the result of the \v { C } erenkov mechanism . This is concluded from the angular dependence of the signals and from their time structure . Depending on the orientation of the crystals and on the particle type , \v { C } erenkov light may account for up to 15 % of the total signals .
0707.4019	physics.ins-det	Measurement of the Contribution of Neutrons to Hadron Calorimeter Signals	The contributions of neutrons to hadronic signals from the DREAM calorimeter are measured by analyzing the time structure of these signals . The neutrons , which mainly originate from the evaporation stage of nuclear breakup in the hadronic shower development process , contribute through elastic scattering off protons in the plastic scintillating fibers which provide the $ dE/dx $ information in this calorimeter . This contribution is characterized by an exponential tail in the pulse shape , with a time constant of $ \sim 25 $ ns . The relative contribution of neutrons to the signals increases with the distance from the shower axis . As expected , the neutrons do not contribute to the DREAM \v { C } erenkov signals .
0707.4021	physics.ins-det	Dual-Readout Calorimetry with Lead Tungstate Crystals	Results are presented of beam tests in which a small electromagnetic calorimeter consisting of lead tungstate crystals was exposed to 50 GeV electrons and pions . This calorimeter was backed up by the DREAM Dual-Readout calorimeter , which measures the scintillation and \v { C } erenkov light produced in the shower development , using two different media . The signals from the crystal calorimeter were analyzed in great detail in an attempt to determine the contributions from these two types of light to the signals , event by event . This information makes it possible to eliminate the dominating source of fluctuations and thus achieve an important improvement in hadronic calorimeter performance .
0707.4025	physics.gen-ph	Consistent Interactions of Yang-Mills Theory : A Review	We reconsider the interacting theory of the Yang-Mills model in the Lagrangian form . We obtain all consistent interactions through deformations of the master equation in the antifield formalism . The results determine deformed structures of the gauge transformation .
