0704.2665	physics.gen-ph	Local quantum mechanics with finite Planck mass	In this paper the motion of quantum particles with initial mass m is investigated . The quantum mechanics equation is formulated and solved . It is shown that the wave function contains the component which is depended on the gravitation fine structure constant
0704.2700	physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph physics.comp-ph	The aqueous and crystalline forms of L-alanine zwitterion	The structural properties of L-alanine amino acid in aqueous solution and in crystalline phase have been studied by means of density-functional electronic-structure and molecular dynamics simulations . The solvated zwitterionic structure of L-alanine ( +NH3-C2H4-COO- ) was systematically compared to the structure of its zwitterionic crystalline analogue acquired from both computer simulations and experiments . It turns out that the structural properties of an alanine molecule in aqueous solution can differ significantly from those in crystalline phase , these differences being mainly attributed to hydrogen bonding interactions . In particular , we found that the largest difference between the two alanine forms can be seen for the orientation and bond lengths of the carboxylate ( COO- ) group : in aqueous solution the C-O bond lengths appear to strongly correlate with the number of water molecules which form hydrogen bonds with the COO- group . Furthermore , the hydrogen bond lengths are shorter and the hydrogen bond angles are larger for L-alanine in water as compared to crystal . Overall , our findings strongly suggest that the generally accepted approach of extending the structural information acquired from crystallographic data to a L-alanine molecule in aqueous solution should be used with caution .
0704.2711	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech physics.data-an	Zipf law in the popularity distribution of chess openings	We perform a quantitative analysis of extensive chess databases and show that the frequencies of opening moves are distributed according to a power-law with an exponent that increases linearly with the game depth , whereas the pooled distribution of all opening weights follows Zipf 's law with universal exponent . We propose a simple stochastic process that is able to capture the observed playing statistics and show that the Zipf law arises from the self-similar nature of the game tree of chess . Thus , in the case of hierarchical fragmentation the scaling is truly universal and independent of a particular generating mechanism . Our findings are of relevance in general processes with composite decisions .
0704.2728	physics.med-ph	An automated system for lung nodule detection in low-dose computed tomography	A computer-aided detection ( CAD ) system for the identification of pulmonary nodules in low-dose multi-detector helical Computed Tomography ( CT ) images was developed in the framework of the MAGIC-5 Italian project . One of the main goals of this project is to build a distributed database of lung CT scans in order to enable automated image analysis through a data and cpu GRID infrastructure . The basic modules of our lung-CAD system , a dot-enhancement filter for nodule candidate selection and a neural classifier for false-positive finding reduction , are described . The system was designed and tested for both internal and sub-pleural nodules . The results obtained on the collected database of low-dose thin-slice CT scans are shown in terms of free response receiver operating characteristic ( FROC ) curves and discussed .
0704.2750	physics.bio-ph	The kinetics of inactivation of spheroidal microbial cells by pulsed electric fields	The nature of non-exponential kinetics in microbial cells inactivation by pulsed electric fields ( PEF ) is discussed . It was demonstrated that possible mechanism of non-exponential kinetics can be related to orientational disorder in suspension of microbial cells of anisotropic form . A numerical studies of spheroidal cell suspensions was carried out . The most pronounced deviations from the exponential kinetics were observed for disordered suspensions of prolate spheroids at small electric field strength $ E $ or at large aspect ratio $ a $ . For partially oriented suspensions , efficiency of inactivation enhances with increasing of order parameter and field strength . A possibility of the PEF-induced orientational ordering in microbial suspensions is discussed .
0704.2758	physics.space-ph astro-ph	The Orientation of the Reconnection X-line	We propose a criterion for identifying the orientation of the X-line when two regions of plasma with arbitrary densities , temperatures , and magnetic fields undergo reconnection . The X-line points in the direction that maximizes the ( suitably-defined ) Alfv\'en speed characterizing the reconnection outflow . For many situations a good approximation is that the X-line bisects the angle formed by the magnetic fields .
0704.2782	physics.ao-ph	Implications of `` peak oil '' for atmospheric CO2 and climate	Unconstrained CO2 emission from fossil fuel burning has been the dominant cause of observed anthropogenic global warming . The amounts of `` proven '' and potential fossil fuel reserves are uncertain and debated . Regardless of the true values , society has flexibility in the degree to which it chooses to exploit these reserves , especially unconventional fossil fuels and those located in extreme or pristine environments . If conventional oil production peaks within the next few decades , it may have a large effect on future atmospheric CO2 and climate change , depending upon subsequent energy choices . Assuming that proven oil and gas reserves do not greatly exceed estimates of the Energy Information Administration , and recent trends are toward lower estimates , we show that it is feasible to keep atmospheric CO2 from exceeding about 450 ppm by 2100 , provided that emissions from coal , unconventional fossil fuels , and land use are constrained . Coal-fired power plants without sequestration must be phased out before mid-century to achieve this CO2 limit . It is also important to `` stretch '' conventional oil reserves via energy conservation and efficiency , thus averting strong pressures to extract liquid fuels from coal or unconventional fossil fuels while clean technologies are being developed for the era `` beyond fossil fuels '' . We argue that a rising price on carbon emissions is needed to discourage conversion of the vast fossil resources into usable reserves , and to keep CO2 beneath the 450 ppm ceiling .
0704.2791	physics.gen-ph	Coevolution of Quantum Wave Functions and the Friedmann Universe	Erwin Schrodinger ( 1939 ) proved that quantum wave functions coevolve with the curved spacetime of the Friedmann universe . Schrodinger 's derivation explains the Hubble redshift of photons in an expanding universe , the energy changes of moving particles , and establishes the coevolution of atoms and other quantum systems with spacetime geometry . The assumption often made that small quantum systems are isolated and that their properties remain constant as the Friedmann universe evolves is incompatible with relativistic quantum mechanics and with general relativity .
0704.2794	physics.bio-ph	Strong far field coherent scattering of ultraviolet radiation by holococcolithophores	By considering the structure of holococcoliths ( calcite plates that cover holococcolithophores , a haploid phase of the coccolithophore life cycle ) as a photonic structure , we apply a discrete dipolar approximation to study the light backscattering properties of these algae . We show that some holococcolith structures have the ability to scatter the ultraviolet ( UV ) radiation . This property may represent an advantage for holococcolithophores possessing it , by allowing them to live higher in the water column than other coccolithophores .
0704.2803	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Cascading Behavior in Large Blog Graphs	How do blogs cite and influence each other ? How do such links evolve ? Does the popularity of old blog posts drop exponentially with time ? These are some of the questions that we address in this work . Our goal is to build a model that generates realistic cascades , so that it can help us with link prediction and outlier detection . Blogs ( weblogs ) have become an important medium of information because of their timely publication , ease of use , and wide availability . In fact , they often make headlines , by discussing and discovering evidence about political events and facts . Often blogs link to one another , creating a publicly available record of how information and influence spreads through an underlying social network . Aggregating links from several blog posts creates a directed graph which we analyze to discover the patterns of information propagation in blogspace , and thereby understand the underlying social network . Not only are blogs interesting on their own merit , but our analysis also sheds light on how rumors , viruses , and ideas propagate over social and computer networks . Here we report some surprising findings of the blog linking and information propagation structure , after we analyzed one of the largest available datasets , with 45,000 blogs and ~ 2.2 million blog-postings . Our analysis also sheds light on how rumors , viruses , and ideas propagate over social and computer networks . We also present a simple model that mimics the spread of information on the blogosphere , and produces information cascades very similar to those found in real life .
