0708.2477	physics.atom-ph physics.atm-clus physics.chem-ph	Peculiar Features of the Interaction Potential between Hydrogen and Antihydrogen at Intermediate Separations	We evaluate the interaction potential between a hydrogen and an antihydrogen using the second-order perturbation theory within the framework of the four-body system in a separable two-body basis . We find that the H-Hbar interaction potential possesses the peculiar features of a shallow local minimum located around interatomic separations of r ~ 6 a.u . and a barrier rising at r~5 a.u . Additional theoretical and experimental investigations on the nature of these peculiar features will be of great interest .
0708.2593	physics.gen-ph	Derivation of Relativistic law of Addition of Velocities from Superposition of Eigenfunctions and Discreteness	We have defined a slowness , s , as the reciprocal conjugate of velocity , v. s = -ih/v . We have shown that Einstein 's postulate ( v has an upper limit ) implies that s is discrete . A velocity operator is defined as the derivative with respect to s. Superposition of corresponding Eigenfunctions give Galilean law of addition of velocities . We have replaced the differential operator by the corresponding finite difference symmetric operator . We have shown that superposition of corresponding discrete Eigenfunctions give relativistic law of addition of velocities . A reciprocal symmetric number system is developed and with the help of this number system we have shown the relation between superposition and relativistic law of addition of velocities .
0708.2596	physics.optics	Soliton transverse instabilities in nonlocal nonlinear media	We analyze the transverse instabilities of spatial bright solitons in nonlocal nonlinear media , both analytically and numerically . We demonstrate that the nonlocal nonlinear response leads to a dramatic suppression of the transverse instability of the soliton stripes , and we derive the asymptotic expressions for the instability growth rate in both short- and long-wave approximations .
0708.2598	physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Mechanism for linear preferential attachment in growing networks	The network properties of a graph ensemble subject to the constraints imposed by the expected degree sequence are studied . It is found that the linear preferential attachment is a fundamental rule , as it keeps the maximal entropy in sparse growing networks . This provides theoretical evidence in support of the linear preferential attachment widely exists in real networks and adopted as a crucial assumption in growing network models . Besides , in the sparse limit , we develop a method to calculate the degree correlation and clustering coefficient in our ensemble model , which is suitable for all kinds of sparse networks including the BA model , proposed by Barabasi and Albert .
0708.2606	physics.soc-ph	Scaling and correlations in three bus-transport networks of China	We report the statistical properties of three bus-transport networks ( BTN ) in three different cities of China . These networks are composed of a set of bus lines and stations serviced by these . Network properties , including the degree distribution , clustering and average path length are studied in different definitions of network topology . We explore scaling laws and correlations that may govern intrinsic features of such networks . Besides , we create a weighted network representation for BTN with lines mapped to nodes and number of common stations to weights between lines . In such a representation , the distributions of degree , strength and weight are investigated . A linear behavior between strength and degree s ( k ) ~ k is also observed .
0708.2608	physics.soc-ph	Empirical analysis of the ship-transport network of China	Structural properties of the ship-transport network of China ( STNC ) are studied in the light of recent investigations of complex networks . STNC is composed of a set of routes and ports located along the sea or river . Network properties including the degree distribution , degree correlations , clustering , shortest path length , centrality and betweenness are studied in different definition of network topology . It is found that geographical constraint plays an important role in the network topology of STNC . We also study the traffic flow of STNC based on the weighted network representation , and demonstrate the weight distribution can be described by power law or exponential function depending on the assumed definition of network topology . Other features related to STNC are also investigated .
0708.2621	physics.ins-det physics.atm-clus	Luminescence quenching of the triplet excimer state by air traces in gaseous argon	While developing a liquid argon detector for dark matter searches we investigate the influence of air contamination on the VUV scintillation yield in gaseous argon at atmospheric pressure . We determine with a radioactive alpha-source the photon yield for various partial air pressures and different reflectors and wavelength shifters . We find for the fast scintillation component a time constant tau1= 11.3 +- 2.8 ns , independent of gas purity . However , the decay time of the slow component depends on gas purity and is a good indicator for the total VUV light yield . This dependence is attributed to impurities destroying the long-lived argon excimer states . The population ratio between the slowly and the fast decaying excimer states is determined for alpha-particles to be 5.5 +-0.6 in argon gas at 1100 mbar and room temperature . The measured mean life of the slow component is tau2 = 3.140 +- 0.067 microsec at a partial air pressure of 2 x 10-6 mbar .
0708.2622	physics.ins-det physics.data-an	The LCFIVertex Package : vertex detector-based Reconstruction at the ILC	The contribution gives an overview of the LCFIVertex package , providing software tools for high-level event reconstruction at the International Linear Collider using vertex-detector information . The package was validated using a fast Monte Carlo simulation . Performance obtained with a more realistic GEANT4-based detector simulation and realistic tracking code is presented . The influence of hadronic interactions on flavour tagging is discussed .
0708.2623	physics.optics	Reversed propagation dynamics of Laguerre-Gaussian beams in left-handed materials	On the basis of angular spectrum representation , the reversed propagation dynamics of Laguerre-Gaussian beam in left-handed materials ( LHMs ) is presented . We show that negative phase velocity gives rise to a reversed screw of wave-front , and ultimately leads to a reversed rotation of optical vortex . Furthermore , negative Gouy-phase shift causes an inverse spiral of Poynting vector . It is found that the Laguerre-Gaussian beam in LHMs will present the same propagation characteristics as the counterpart with opposite topological charges in regular right-handed materials ( RHMs ) . The momentum conservation theorem insures that the tangential component of the wave momentum at the RHM-LHM boundary is conserved . It is shown that although the linear momentum reverses its direction , the angular momentum remains unchanged .
0708.2629	physics.flu-dyn cond-mat.dis-nn nlin.PS	Dynamics of the spontaneous breakdown of superhydrophobicity	Drops deposited on rough and hydrophobic surfaces can stay suspended with gas pockets underneath the liquid , then showing very low hydrodynamic resistance . When this superhydrophobic state breaks down , the subsequent wetting process can show different dynamical properties . A suitable choice of the geometry can make the wetting front propagate in a stepwise manner leading to { \it square-shaped } wetted area : the front propagation is slow and the patterned surface fills by rows through a { \it zipping } mechanism . The multiple time scale scenario of this wetting process is experimentally characterized and compared to numerical simulations .
0708.2638	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph	Three-State Feshbach Resonances Mediated By Second-Order Couplings	We present an analytical study of three-state Feshbach resonances induced by second-order couplings . Such resonances arise when the scattering amplitude is modified by the interaction with a bound state that is not directly coupled to the scattering state containing incoming flux . Coupling occurs indirectly through an intermediate state . We consider two problems : ( i ) the intermediate state is a scattering state in a distinct open channel ; ( ii ) the intermediate state is an off-resonant bound state in a distinct closed channel . The first problem is a model of electric-field-induced resonances in ultracold collisions of alkali metal atoms [ Phys . Rev . A 75 , 032709 ( 2007 ) ] and the second problem is relevant for ultracold collisions of complex polyatomic molecules , chemical reaction dynamics , photoassociation of ultracold atoms , and electron - molecule scattering . Our analysis yields general expressions for the energy dependence of the T-matrix elements modified by three-state resonances and the dependence of the resonance positions and widths on coupling amplitudes for the weak-coupling limit . We show that the second problem can be generalized to describe resonances induced by indirect coupling through an arbitrary number of sequentially coupled off-resonant bound states and analyze the dependence of the resonance width on the number of the intermediate states .
0708.2641	physics.atom-ph physics.comp-ph quant-ph	Quantum Treatment of Continuum Electrons in the Fields of Moving Charges	An ab initio , three-dimensional quantum mechanical calculation has been performed for the time-evolution of continuum electrons in the fields of moving charges . Here the essential singularity associated with the diverging phase factor in the continuum wave function is identified and removed analytically . As a result , the continuum components of the regularized wave function are slowly varying with time . Therefore , one can propagate continuum electrons to asymptotically large times and obtain numerically stable , well-converged ejected electron momentum spectra with very low numerical noise . As a consequence , our approach resolves outstanding controversies concerning structures in electron momentum distributions . The main conclusions are general and are illustrated here for ionization of atomic hydrogen by proton impact . Our results show that in order to obtain correct long-time free-particle propagation , the essential singularity identified here should be removed from the continuum components of solutions to the time-dependent Schrodinger equation .
0708.2674	physics.gen-ph	Governing Dynamics from cause and effect : -A novel formulation for causality with applications in Quantum Gravity and Economic Theory	This paper defines an equation for causality . This equation is then combined with the postulates of quantum mechanics and mass-energy equivalence to produce a quantum mechanical telegrapher 's equation and to reproduce the Schrodinger and Klein-Gordon equations . The incompressible Navier-Stokes equations and dynamic general equilibrium in economics ( with an interpretation of a Nash equilibrium ) are obtained when the equation of causality refers to itself , i.e . when the cause is its own effect . As it is shown that the Klein-Gordon equation is obtained by Wick rotating the cause vector with de Broglie angular frequency , this paper postulates an equation for Quantum Gravity , which relates the Navier-Stokes equations to the Einstein Field Equations of General Relativity .
0708.2681	physics.gen-ph	Super-light electromagnetic wave with longitudinal and transversal modes	The transformation converting equations invariant under Lorentz into the equations invariant under Galileo is obtained . On this basis : ( 1 ) the super-light electromagnetic wave with longitudinal and transversal modes is found out ; ( 2 ) it is shown the wave velocity coincides with that of de Broglie 's wave ; ( 3 ) the connection between Maxwell 's electrodynamics and Shredinger 's equation is established ; ( 4 ) structural elements of space are discovered and `` a horizon of visibility '' is found . It is shown Bell's inequalities and the principle of the light speed constancy are based on the SRT artifact and `` Einstein 's local realism '' is determined by the wave referred above . Objectivity of results for quantum and classical objects is discussed
0708.2687	physics.gen-ph	Light Speed Invariance is a Remarkable Illusion	Though many experiments appear to have confirmed the light speed invariance postulate of special relativity theory , this postulate is actually unverified . This paper resolves this issue by first showing the manner in which an illusion of light speed invariance occurs in two-way light speed measurement in the framework of a semi-classical absolute space theory . It then demonstrates a measurable variation of the one-way speed of light , which directly invalidates the invariance postulate and confirms the existence of the preferred reference frame of the absolute space theory .
0708.2713	physics.flu-dyn	Comment on `` Radiative effect on natural convection flows in porous media , A.A. Mohammadein , M. A. Mansour , Sahar M. Abd El Gaied and Rama Subba Reddy Gorla [ Transport in Porous Media 32:263-283 , 1998 ] ''	In the above paper the authors treat the natural convection boundary layer flow in a Darcy-Brinkman-Forchheimer porous medium . In the energy equation the radiation effect has been taken into account . A two-parameter perturbation method is used for the solution of the equations . The first order results are presented in tables and figures . This is an interesting work but there are some weak points which are presented below :
0708.2715	physics.atom-ph	Dissociative recombination of H3+ in the ground and excited vibrational states	The article presents calculated dissociative recombination ( DR ) rate coefficients for H+3 . The previous theoretical work on H+3 was performed using the adiabatic hyperspherical approximation to calculate the target ion vibrational states and it considered just a limited number of ionic rotational states . In this study , we use accurate vibrational wave functions and a larger number of possible rotational states of the H3+ ground vibrational level . The DR rate coefficient obtained is found to agree better with the experimental data from storage-ring experiments than the previous theoretical calculation . We present evidence that excited rotational states could be playing an important role in those experiments for collision energies above 10 meV . The DR rate coefficients calculated separately for ortho- and para-H3+ are predicted to differ significantly at low energy , a result consistent with a recent experiment . We also present DR rate coefficients for vibrationally-excited initial states of H3+ , which are found to be somewhat larger than the rate coefficient for the ground vibrational level .
0708.2724	physics.bio-ph cond-mat.soft q-bio.BM	Physical approaches to DNA sequencing and detection	With the continued improvement of sequencing technologies , the prospect of genome-based medicine is now at the forefront of scientific research . To realize this potential , however , we need a revolutionary sequencing method for the cost-effective and rapid interrogation of individual genomes . This capability is likely to be provided by a physical approach to probing DNA at the single nucleotide level . This is in sharp contrast to current techniques and instruments which probe , through chemical elongation , electrophoresis , and optical detection , length differences and terminating bases of strands of DNA . In this Colloquium we review several physical approaches to DNA detection that have the potential to deliver fast and low-cost sequencing . Center-fold to these approaches is the concept of nanochannels or nanopores which allow for the spatial confinement of DNA molecules . In addition to their possible impact in medicine and biology , the methods offer ideal test beds to study open scientific issues and challenges in the relatively unexplored area at the interface between solids , liquids , and biomolecules at the nanometer length scale . We emphasize the physics behind these methods and ideas , critically describe their advantages and drawbacks , and discuss future research opportunities in this field .
