0709.1248	physics.ed-ph physics.hist-ph	Gli Strumenti Scientifici di Interesse Storico di tre antiche Scuole Medie Superiori di Bergamo ( `` Lussana '' , `` Vittorio Emanuele '' , e `` Quarenghi '' )	Wherever old Universities exist [ in Europe , for example : Italy being not the last one ] , there can be found Scientific Instruments of Historical Interest , e.g. , for Physics -which is the case we are concerned with here ; - even if proper attention has been paid to such an exceptional heritage only during the last half a century . [ We studied ourselves the material existing at the University of Catania , Catania , Italy , almost 600 years old ] . However , even where ancient universities do not exist , a lot of Historical Scientific Instruments are often owned by the local Senior High Schools . By the present '' small book '' we want to make known the antique physics instruments that are in possession of three Senior High Schools of Bergamo , Italy : the `` Istituto Tecnico Vittorio Emanuele '' , the `` Liceo Scientifico Lussana '' , and the `` Istituto per Geometri Quarenghi '' . Namely , we catalogue and describe : 61 instruments of the `` Vittorio Emanuele '' ( 52 of the second half of the XIX century , and 9 of the first half of the XX century ) ; 100 instruments of the `` Lussana '' ( belonging essentially to the first half of the XX century ) ; and 26 instruments , mainly topographical in this case , of the `` Quarenghi '' ( 8 of the second half of the XIX century , and 16 of the first half of the XX century ) ; without forgetting to add suitable explanations about their functioning . Our aim will be reached if we happen to stimulate other colleagues to perform similar work in their towns . The present small book is in Italian , but it contains fifty-one ( 51 ) self-explanatory photographs in color , and nineteen ( 19 ) black-and-white sketches . Actually , we can put in the Archives this small book , instead of others , also because -with the help of the typesetter- we eventually suceeded in reducing its whole size to less than 1 M-b .
0709.1249	physics.soc-ph	Emergence of Symmetry in Complex Networks	Many real networks have been found to have a rich degree of symmetry , which is a very important structural property of complex network , yet has been rarely studied so far . And where does symmetry comes from has not been explained . To explore the mechanism underlying symmetry of the networks , we studied statistics of certain local symmetric motifs , such as symmetric bicliques and generalized symmetric bicliques , which contribute to local symmetry of networks . We found that symmetry of complex networks is a consequence of similar linkage pattern , which means that nodes with similar degree tend to share similar linkage targets . A improved version of BA model integrating similar linkage pattern successfully reproduces the symmetry of real networks , indicating that similar linkage pattern is the underlying ingredient that responsible for the emergence of the symmetry in complex networks .
0709.1250	physics.optics	Strongly Resonant Transmission of Electromagnetic Radiation in Periodic Anisotropic Layered Media	The electromagnetic dispersion in periodic layered media can be tailored and their resonant properties can be considerably improved by utilizing anisotropic materials . Periodic structures with a photonic band edge split into two parts , or so-called split band edge , exhibit superior resonant properties including exceptionally high Q-values of transmission resonances and nearly perfect impedance matching at the boundaries , even when the number of unit cells N is not large . A microwave transmission resonance with Q~220 is demonstrated in a periodic stack of form-birefringent layers with N=12 realized in a waveguide geometry .
0709.1277	physics.ed-ph physics.pop-ph	Aspetti Moderni della Fisica Greca [ Modern Aspects of Ancient Greek Physics ]	Plutarchus , circa 100 AD , in his early book on `` astrophysics '' -- in which he exposed , in a sense , a general theory of gravitation -- wrote the noticeable passage : < < The Moon gets the guarantee of not falling down just from its motion and from the dash associated with its revolution , exactly as stones in slings can not fall due to their circular whirling motion ; in fact , each thing is dragged by its mere natural motion only if it is n't deviated by something else . The Moon , therefore , is not dragged down by its weight , because its natural tendency is frustrated by its revolution . And , on the contrary , it would be really amazing if it could remain at rest always at the same place , like the Earth > > . While Posidonius ( circa 135-51 BC ) had written : < < Matter is endowed with a cohesion that keeps it together and against which the surrounding vacuum has no power . Indeed , the material world is supported by an immense force , and alternately contracts and expands in the vacuum following its own physical processes , now consumed by fire , now , instead , giving rise to a new creation of the cosmos > > . These two examples show how `` modern '' was part of the ancient Greek physics , frequently overlooked since it is sometimes known through the praiseworthy translations of scholars often competent in humanities , more than in science . [ A more extended English summary appears at the beginning of this article , which is in Italian . ]
0709.1294	physics.soc-ph	Evolving small-world scale-free networks consist of cliques	We present a family of scale-free network model consisting of cliques , which is established by a simple recursive algorithm . We investigate the networks both analytically and numerically . The obtained analytical solutions show that the networks follow a power-law degree distribution , with degree exponent continuously tuned between 2 and 3 . The exact expression of clustering coefficient is also provided for the networks . Furthermore , the investigation of the average path length reveals that the networks possess small-world feature . Interestingly , we find that a special case of our model can be mapped into the Yule process .
0709.1298	physics.gen-ph	Exponential Maps and Symmetric Transformations in Cluster-Spin System for Lattice-Ising Models	We defined exponential maps with one parameter , associated with geodesics on the parameter surface . By group theory we proposed a formula of the critical points , which is a direct sum of the Lie subalgebras at the critical temperature . We consider the self similar transformations as symmetric operations . In the opinion of symmetry we analyzed the hexagon lattice system , and got its three cluster spin states : single , double , and threefold , then its critical point is calculated . There are two cases for lattice-Ising model in thermodynamic equilibrium . In one case the periodic boundary conditions are present without the infinite self similar transformations ; in another the system is in the possibility of the infinite self similar transformations without the conditions . We think the real exact critical points close to our results .
0709.1303	physics.gen-ph	Global coupling at 660 km is proposed to explain plate tectonics and the generation of the earth 's magnetic field	The presence of low viscosity layers in the mantle is supported by line of geological and geophysical observations . Recent high pressure and temperature investigations indicated that partial carbonate melt should exist at the bottom of the lithosphere and at 660 km . The presence of few percent carbonate melt reduces the viscosity by several order of magnitude . The globally existing 660 km very low viscosity layer allows the development of differential rotation between the upper and lower mantle . This differential rotation between the 660 km outer shell and the rest of the earth offers a plausible explanation for plate tectonics and for the generation of the earth 's magnetic field . Simple dynamo model is proposed , which able to reproduce all of the features of the contemporary and , within reasonable uncertainty , the paleomagnetic field . The model is also consistent with geological and geophysical observations .
0709.1304	physics.flu-dyn	A design principle for improved 3D AC electro-osmotic pumps	Three-dimensional ( 3D ) AC electro-osmotic ( ACEO ) pumps have recently been developed that are much faster and more robust than previous planar designs . The basic idea is to create a `` fluid conveyor belt '' by placing opposing ACEO slip velocities at different heights . Current designs involve electrodes with electroplated steps , whose heights have been optimized in simulations and experiments . Here , we consider changing the boundary conditions -- rather than the geometry -- and predict that flow rates can be further doubled by fabricating 3D features with non-polarizable materials . This amplifies the fluid conveyor belt by removing opposing flows on the vertical surfaces , and it increases the slip velocities which drive the flow .
