0707.3180	physics.geo-ph astro-ph cond-mat.mtrl-sci	Two Trends of Composition Variation of Zircons and Their Significance in Origin Discrimination	Zircons can crystallize in a wide range of physical and chemical conditions . At the same time , they have high stability and durability . Therefore zircons can grow and survive in a variety of geological processes . In addition , the diffusivity of chemical compositions in their crystals is very low . Consequently , we can trace back the evolution history of the planetary materials containing zircon by zircon U-Th-Pb geochronology and geochemistry studies . However , this depends on our ability to decipher its genesis , namely magmatic or metamorphic origins . In this paper , we have found that there are obvious differences between magmatic and metamorphic zircons in their chemical composition zonations . The magmatic zircons exhibit composition zonation of increasing HfO2 , and ( UO2 + ThO2 ) content and decreasing ZrO2/HfO2 ratio and ZrO2 content from inner to outer parts within each growth zone or from core to rim of a crysta1 . The metamorphic zircons exhibit compositional variation trend opposite to that of magmatic ( igneous ) zircons , tending to decrease in HfO2 , ( UO2+ ThO2 ) and increase in ZrO2/HfO2 ratio and ZrO2 from core to rim of a crystal . These chemical composition variation trends are thought to be controlled by the crystal chemical features of ions themselves and the evolution trends of magmatism and metamorphism respectively , and can be used to identify the genesis of zircons . Their morphological features are also discussed .
0707.3181	physics.geo-ph astro-ph	The Minerageny of Two Groups of Zircons from Plagioclase- Amphibolite of Mayuan Group in Northern Fujian	Zircons can crystallize in a wide range of physical and chemical conditions . At the same time , they have high stability and durability . Therefore zircons can grow and survive in a variety of geological processes . In addition , the diffusivity of chemical compositions in their crystals is very low . Consequently , we can trace back the evolution history of the planetary materials containing zircon with zircon U-Th-Pb geochronology and geochemistry studies . However , this depends on our ability to decipher its genesis , namely magmatic or metamorphic origins . In this paper , magmatic and metamorphic zircons were found from plagioclase-amphibolite samples . Their geneses have been determined by zircon morphology , chemical composition zonations and geological field setting combined with their zircon U-Th-Pb ages . We have found obvious differences in micro-scale Raman spectra between these magmatic and metamorphic zircons . The magmatic zircons exhibit a high sloping background in their Raman spectra , but the metamorphic zircons exhibit a low horizontal background in their Raman spectra , which suggest that the magmatic zircons may contain a much higher concentration of fluorescent impurities than the metamorphic zircons . Moreover , reverse variation trends in Raman spectrum peak intensities from core to rim of a crystal between the magmatic and metamorphic zircons have been found . We think that this can be attributed to their reverse chemical composition zonations . These differences can be used to distinguish magmatic and metamorphic zircons .
0707.3184	physics.geo-ph astro-ph physics.chem-ph	A Raman spectroscopic study of zircons on micro-scale and Its significance in explaining the origin of zircons	The magmatic and metamorphic zircons were investigated with Raman spectrum microprobe analysis . We found notable differences between these two kinds of zircons exhibited by the variation trend of Raman peak intensity from core to rim of a crystal . In magmatic zircons , the intensity and the ratio H/W of Raman spectrum peaks gradually decrease from core to rim of a crystal , which is produced by an increase in metamictization degree and suggests an increase in U and Th concentrations from core to rim . In metamorphic zircons , there are two kinds of crystals according to their Raman spectra : the first group of zircons exhibits a variation trend opposite to those of magmatic zircons , tending to increase in the Raman peak intensity and H/W value from core to rim of a crystal , which is produced by a decrease in metamictization degree and indicates a decrease of U and Th concentrations from core to rim of a crystal . The second group of zircons exhibits no change in Raman peak intensity and H/W value through a crystal . The data of infrared and Raman spectra of these crystals show that they are well crystallized and have no lattice destruction induced by metamictization , and are thought to crystallize in high temperature stages of metamorphism . During these stages , the U and Th ions have been removed by metamorphic fluids from the parent rocks of these zircons . The other difference between magmatic and metamorphic zircons is the background level of their Raman spectra , which is high and sloped in magmatic zircons , but low and horizontal in metamorphic zircons . The differences between magmatic and metamorphic zircons can be used to identify the genesis of zircons and understand the origin and evolution history of their parent rocks .
0707.3246	physics.optics cond-mat.other	Stepwise Quenching of Exciton Fluorescence in Carbon Nanotubes by Single Molecule Reactions	Single-molecule chemical reactions with individual single-walled carbon nanotubes were observed through near-infrared photoluminescence microscopy . The emission intensity within distinct submicrometer segments of single nanotubes changes in discrete steps after exposure to acid , base , or diazonium reactants . The steps are uncorrelated in space and time , and reflect the quenching of mobile excitons at localized sites of reversible or irreversible chemical attack . Analysis of step amplitudes reveals an exciton diffusional range of about 90 nanometers , independent of nanotube structure . Each exciton visits approximately 104 atomic sites during its lifetime , providing highly efficient sensing of local chemical and physical perturbations .
0707.3250	physics.plasm-ph astro-ph gr-qc	Thermalization of a nonequilibrium electron-positron-photon plasma	Starting from a nonequilibrium configuration we analyse the essential role of the direct and the inverse binary and triple interactions in reaching an asymptotic thermal equilibrium in a homogeneous isotropic electron-positron-photon plasma . We focus on energies in the range 0.1 -- 10 MeV . We numerically integrate the integro-partial differential relativistic Boltzmann equation with the exact QED collisional integrals taking into account all binary and triple interactions in the plasma . We show that first , when detailed balance is reached for all binary interactions on a timescale $ t_ { k } \lesssim10^ { -14 } $ sec , photons and electron-positron pairs establish kinetic equilibrium . Successively , when triple interactions fulfill the detailed balance on a timescale $ t_ { eq } \lesssim10^ { -12 } $ sec , the plasma reaches thermal equilibrium . It is shown that neglecting the inverse triple interactions prevents reaching thermal equilibrium . Our results obtained in the theoretical physics domain also find application in astrophysics and cosmology .
0707.3257	physics.ins-det	Investigations of a THGEM-based imaging detector	We present the results of our recent studies on a Thick Gas Electron Multiplier ( THGEM ) -based imaging detector prototype . It consists of two 100x100 mm^2 THGEM electrodes in cascade , coupled to a resistive anode . The event location is recorded with a 2D double-sided readout electrode equipped with discrete delay-lines and dedicated electronics . The THGEM electrodes , produced by standard printed-circuit board and mechanical drilling techniques , a 0.4 mm thick with 0.5 mm diameter holes spaced by 1 mm . Localization resolutions of about 0.7 mm ( FWHM ) were measured with soft x-rays , in a detector operated with atmospheric-pressure Ar/CH4 ; good linearity and homogeneity were achieved . We describe the imaging-detector layout , the resistive-anode 2D readout system and the imaging properties . The THGEM has numerous potential applications that require large-area imaging detectors , with high-rate capability , single-electron sensitivity and moderate ( sub-mm ) localization resolution .
0707.3261	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Scaling rules in the science system : influence of field-specific citation characteristics on the impact of research groups	We propose a representation of science as a citation-density landscape and investigate scaling rules with the field-specific citation density as a main topological property . We focus on the size-dependence of several main bibliometric indicators for a large set of research groups while distinguishing between top-performance and lower performance groups . We demonstrate that this representation of the science system is particularly effective to understand the role and the interdependencies of the different bibliometric indicators and related topological properties of the landscape .
0707.3282	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Theoretical determination of lifetimes of metastable states in Sc III and Y III	Lifetimes of the first two metastable states in Sc^ { 2+ } and Y^ { 2+ } are determined using the relativistic coupled-cluster theory . There is a considerable interest in studying the electron correlation effects in these ions as though their electronic configurations are similar to the neutral alkali atoms , their structures are very different from the latter . We have made a comparative study of the correlation trends between the above doubly ionized systems with their corresponding neutral and singly ionized iso-electronic systems . The lifetimes of the excited states of these ions are very important in the field of astrophysics , especially for the study of post-main sequence evolution of the cool giant stars .
0707.3283	physics.flu-dyn	Particle entrapment as a feedback effect	We consider a suspension of polarizable particles under the action of traveling wave dielectrophoresis ( DEP ) and focus on particle induced effects . In a situation where the particles are driven by the DEP force , but no external forces are exerted on the fluid , the joint motion of the particles can induce a steady fluid flow , which leads to particle entrapment . This feedback effect is proven to be non-negligible even for small volume concentration of particles .
0707.3289	physics.gen-ph	A Further Generalized Lagrangian Density and Its Special Cases	By summarizing and extending the Lagrangian densities of the general relativity and the Kibble 's gauge theory of gravitation , a further generalized Lagrangian density for a gravitational system is obtained and analyzed in greater detail , which can be used for studying more extensive range of gravitation . Many special cases can be derived from this generalized Lagrangian density , their general characters and peculiarities will be briefly described .
0707.3290	physics.gen-ph	Are Mass and Length Quantized ?	We suggest that there are time-varying quanta of mass ( gomidia ) and of length ( somia ) , thus pointing to a quantization of geometry and gravitation . The present numerical value of the gomidium and somium , are , 10 to the power minus 65 grams , and 10 to the power minus 91 centimeters . Gomidia may be responsible for dark matter in the Universe ; Heisenberg 's principle , confirms the numerical estimates for gomidia and somia , either for the present Universe , or for Planck 's time .
0707.3298	physics.acc-ph	Comment to the paper `` Radiation induced by relativistic electrons propagating through random layered stacks : Numerical simulation results '' by A.A.Varfolomeev and et al NIM B 256,705 ( 2007 )	We show that the numerical code used in the above mentioned paper does not take into account the multiple scattering effects of electromagnetic field properly and is therefore incorrect .
