0711.0060	physics.optics physics.bio-ph physics.flu-dyn physics.ins-det	Picolitre viscometry using optically rotated particles	Important aspects in the field of microrheology are the studies of the viscosity of fluids within structures with micron dimensions and fluid samples where only microlitre volumes are available . We have quantitatively investigated the performance and accuracy of a microviscometer based on rotating optical tweezers , that requires as little as one microlitre of sample . We have characterised our microviscometer , including effects due to heating , and demonstrated its ability to perform measurements over a large dynamic range of viscosities ( at least two orders of magnitude ) . We have also inserted a probe particle through the membrane of a cell and measured the viscosity of the intramembranous contents . Viscosity measurements of tears have also been made with our microviscometer , which demonstrate its potential use to study un-stimulated eye fluid .
0711.0061	physics.gen-ph	The velocity increase of mass and the classical physics	In the past century it was believed that both the main theories ( quantum mechanics and special relativity ) predicted the existence of physical processes that could not be explained in the framework of classical physics . However , it has been shown recently that the solutions of Schroedinger equation have described the physical situation practically in full agreement with classical equations . The given equation represents the combination of classical equations with the statistical distribution of corresponding parameters and the properties of microscopic objects may be interpreted on the ontological basis as it corresponds to our sensual knowledge . It will be shown now that also the main experimentally relevant relativistic phenomenon ( i.e. , the mass increase with velocity ) may be interpreted in the framework of classical physics . A different prediction for this increase will be then derived , which gives the possibility to decide on experimental basis which alternative is more preferable ( relativistic or classical ) .
0711.0064	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Subnatural linewidth using electromagnetically induced transparency in Doppler-broadened vapor	We obtain subnatural linewidth ( i.e . $ < \Gamma $ ) for probe absorption in room-temperature Rb vapor using electromagnetically induced transparency ( EIT ) in a $ \Lambda $ system . For stationary atoms , the EIT dip for a resonant control laser is as wide as the control Rabi frequency $ \Omega_c $ . But in thermal vapor , the moving atoms fill the transparency band so that the final EIT dip remains subnatural even when $ \Omega_c > \Gamma $ . We observe linewidths as small as $ \Gamma/7 $ in the $ D_2 $ line of Rb .
0711.0067	physics.atom-ph	High-precision measurement of hyperfine structure in the $ D $ lines of alkali atoms	We have measured hyperfine structure in the first-excited $ P $ state ( $ D $ lines ) of all the naturally-occurring alkali atoms . We use high-resolution laser spectroscopy to resolve hyperfine transitions , and measure intervals by locking the frequency shift produced by an acousto-optic modulator to the difference between two transitions . In most cases , the hyperfine coupling constants derived from our measurements improve previous values significantly .
0711.0134	physics.ins-det	Calorimeter Assisted Tracking Algorithm for SiD	Calorimeter-assisted track finding algorithm takes advantage of the finely segmented electromagnetic calorimeter proposed for the SiD detector concept by looking for `` MIP stubs '' produced by charged particles in the calorimeter , and using them as seeds for pattern recognition in the tracker . The algorithm allows for efficient reconstruction of tracks that can not be found using seeds provided by the vertex detector , even if standalone pattern recognition in the outer tracker is difficult . The algorithm has been implemented as a package in the org.lcsim framework . Current status of the package and its performance in non-prompt tracks reconstruction are described .
0711.0183	physics.optics	Engineering Space for Light via Transformation Optics	Conceptual studies and numerical simulations are performed for imaging devices that transform a near-field pattern into magnified far-zone images and are based on high-order spatial transformation in cylindrical domains . A lens translating a near-field pattern from an almost circular input boundary onto a magnified far-field image at a flat output boundary is considered . The lens is made of a metamaterial with anisotropic permittivity and permeability both depending on a single 'scaling ' parameter of the transformation . Open designs of the lens with a truncated body ( '3/4-body ' and '1/4-body ' lenses ) are suggested and analyzed . It is shown that the ideal full-lens and the '3/4-body' lens produce identical images . Numerical simulations of '1/4-body ' designs indicate that further truncation of the lens could limit its per-formance . A light concentrator , `` focusing '' far-zone fields into a nanometer-scale area , is also considered .
0711.0222	physics.med-ph physics.ins-det	Microtesla MRI of the human brain combined with MEG	One of the challenges in functional brain imaging is integration of complementary imaging modalities , such as magnetoencephalography ( MEG ) and functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) . MEG , which uses highly sensitive superconducting quantum interference devices ( SQUIDs ) to directly measure magnetic fields of neuronal currents , can not be combined with conventional high-field MRI in a single instrument . Indirect matching of MEG and MRI data leads to significant co-registration errors . A recently proposed imaging method - SQUID-based microtesla MRI - can be naturally combined with MEG in the same system to directly provide structural maps for MEG-localized sources . It enables easy and accurate integration of MEG and MRI/fMRI , because microtesla MR images can be precisely matched to structural images provided by high-field MRI and other techniques . Here we report the first images of the human brain by microtesla MRI , together with auditory MEG ( functional ) data , recorded using the same seven-channel SQUID system during the same imaging session . The images were acquired at 46 microtesla measurement field with pre-polarization at 30 mT . We also estimated transverse relaxation times for different tissues at microtesla fields . Our results demonstrate feasibility and potential of human brain imaging by microtesla MRI . They also show that two new types of imaging equipment - low-cost systems for anatomical MRI of the human brain at microtesla fields , and more advanced instruments for combined functional ( MEG ) and structural ( microtesla MRI ) brain imaging - are practical .
