0710.5292	physics.optics physics.chem-ph	Single Molecule Photon Statistics from a Sequence of Laser Pulses	There are many ways of calculating photon statistics in quantum optics in general and single molecule spectroscopy in particular such as the generating function method , the quantum jump approach or time ordering methods . In this paper starting with the optical Bloch equation , within the paths interpretation of Zoller , Marte and Walls we obtain the photon statistics from a sequence of laser pulses expressed by means of quantum trajectories . We find general expressions for Pn ( t ) - the probability of emitting n photons up to time t , discuss several consequences and show that the interpretation of the quantum trajectories ( i ) emphasizes contribution to the photon statistics of the coherence paths accumulated in the delay interval between the pulses and ( ii ) allows simple classification of the terms negligible under certain physical constraints . Applying this method to the concrete example of two square laser pulses we find the probabilities of emitting 0,1 and 2 photons , examine several limiting cases and investigate the upper and lower bounds of P0 ( t ) , P1 ( t ) and P2 ( t ) for a sequence of two strong pulses in the limit of long measurement times . Implication to single molecule non-linear spectroscopy and theory of pairs of photons on demand are discussed briefly .
0710.5313	physics.gen-ph	The Nature of the Vector and Scalar Potentials and Gauge Invariance in the Context of Gauge Theory	Modern undergraduate textbooks in electricity and magnetism typically focus on a force representation of electrodynamics with an emphasis on Maxwell's Equations and the Lorentz Force Law . The vector potential $ \mathbf { A } $ and scalar potential $ \Phi $ play a secondary role mainly as quantities used to calculate the electric and magnetic fields . However , quantum mechanics including quantum electrodynamics ( QED ) and other gauge theories demands a potential ( $ \Phi $ , $ \mathbf { A } $ ) oriented representation where the potentials are the more fundamental quantities . Here , we help bridge that gap by showing that the homogeneous Maxwell 's equations together with the Lorentz Force Law can be derived from assuming that the potentials represent potential energy and momentum per unit charge . Furthermore , we enumerate the additional assumptions that are needed to derive the inhomogeneous Maxwell 's equations . As part of this work we demonstrate the physical nature and importance of gauge invariance .
0710.5319	physics.ins-det physics.data-an	Methods for analytically estimating the resolution and intensity of neutron time-of-flight spectrometers . The case of the TOFTOF spectrometer	An analytical method is presented with allows to estimate the energy resolution of time-of-flight neutron spectrometers , as well as its partial contributions , over a dynamical range that extends from the elastic line to the accessible inelastic regions . Such a method , already successfully applied in the past to the TOSCA and HET neutron inelastic scattering spectrometers installed at the ISIS neutron spallation source [ A M Gaspar , PhD Thesis , Universidade Tecnica de Lisboa , 2004 ] , is here applied to the high resolution time-of-flight spectrometer TOFTOF , mainly dedicated to quasi-elastic neutron scattering studies and installed at the new neutron reactor FRM II . To make such calculations easily understandable , the principle of work of the TOFTOF instrument and of each of its components is explained in detail . A simply method that can be used to estimate the instrument intensity , i.e . of the number of neutrons arriving at the sample position per unit time , is also briefly outlined . To the benefit of the TOFTOF users , graphs displaying the dependencies of the instrument resolution at the elastic line and of the instrument intensity on the relevant instrument parameters , i.e the wavelength of the incident neutrons , the choppers speed of rotation and the frame overlap ratio , are presented , in the form of iso-resolution or iso-intensity lines . The method of estimation of the frame overlap ratio that is commonly used at time-of-flight instruments such as TOFTOF is also explained and alternative options concerning this parameter , depending on the dynamical range of interest , are briefly addressed .
