0710.5807	physics.flu-dyn	Clustering of point vortices in a periodic box	The Monte Carlo simulation of $ N $ point vortices with square periodic boundary conditions is performed where $ N $ is order of 100 . The clustering property is examined by computing the $ L $ function familiar in the field of spatial ecology . The case of a positive value of $ L $ corresponds to the state of clustering and the Onsager 's negative temperature .
0710.5840	physics.flu-dyn	Comment on `` Pinched Flow Fractionation : Continuous Size Separation of Particles Utilizing a Laminar Flow Profile in a Pinched Microchannel ''	[ First paragraph ] In a recent paper Yamada et al . propose the novel concept of `` pinched flow fractionation '' ( PFF ) for the continuous size separation and analysis of particles in microfabricated lab-on-a-chip devices . In their description of the basic principle they claim that especially the width of the pinched and broadened segments will affect theseparation performance . In the following we comment on the physics behind this statement .
0710.5851	physics.optics	Realization of efficient electroabsorption using intersubband transitions in step quantum wells	We have demonstrated efficient intersubband electroabsorption in InGaAs/InAlGaAs/InAlAs step quantum wells grown by metal-organic vapor phase epitaxy ( MOVPE ) . An absorption modulation of 6 dB at $ \lambda=6.0 \mu $ m due to Stark shift of the IS absorption was achieved at a low voltage swing of $ \pm 0.5 $ V in a multipass waveguide structure . Based on the experimental results it is estimated that an electroabsorption modulator with a low peak-to-peak voltage of $ V_ { pp } =0.9 $ V can yield a modulation speed of $ f_ { 3dB } \approx 120 $ GHz with the present material by using a strongly confining surface plasmon waveguide of 30 $ \mu $ m length .
0710.5862	physics.gen-ph	Anomalous effects due to the inertial anti-gravitational potential of the sun	It is introduced inertial anti-gravitational potential into the theory of gravity to stop gravitational collapse at the nuclear density and thus prevent singularities . It is considered effective gravity which includes Newtonian potential and inertial anti-gravitational potential . It is investigated footprints of the effective gravity in the solar system . The inertial anti-gravitational potential of the sun allows to explain the anomalous acceleration of Pioneer 10 and 11 , the anomalous increase in the lunar semi-major axis , the residuals of the seasonal variation of the proper angular velocity of the earth , the anomalous increase of the Astronomical Unit , the anomalous shift of the perihelion of mercury .
0710.5865	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech nucl-th physics.data-an	Fluctuation of the download network	The scaling behavior of fluctuation for a download network which we have investigated a few years ago based upon Zhang 's Encophysics web page has been presented . A power law scaling , namely $ \sigma \sim < f > ^ \alpha $ exists between the dispersion $ \sigma $ and average flux $ < f > $ of the download rates . The fluctuation exponent $ \alpha $ is neither 1/2 nor 1 which was claimed as two universal fluctuation classes in previous publication , instead it varies from 1/2 to 1 with the time window in which the download data were accumulated . The crossover behavior of fluctuation exponents can be qualitatively understood by the external driving fluctuation model for a small-size system or a network traffic model which suggests congestion as the origin .
0710.5887	physics.chem-ph	A double resonance approach to submillimeter/terahertz remote sensing at atmospheric pressure	The remote sensing of gases in complex mixtures at atmospheric pressure is a challenging problem and much attention has been paid to it . The most fundamental difference between this application and highly successful astrophysical and upper atmospheric remote sensing is the line width associated with atmospheric pressure broadening , ~ 5 GHz in all spectral regions . In this paper , we discuss quantitatively a new approach that would use a short pulse infrared laser to modulate the submillimeter/terahertz ( SMM/THz ) spectral absorptions on the time scale of atmospheric relaxation . We show that such a scheme has three important attributes : ( 1 ) The time resolved pump makes it possible and efficient to separate signal from atmospheric and system clutter , thereby gaining as much as a factor of 10^6 in sensitivity , ( 2 ) The 3-D information matrix ( infrared pump laser frequency , SMM/THz probe frequency , and time resolved SMM/THz relaxation ) can provide orders of magnitude greater specificity than a sensor that uses only one of these three dimensions , and ( 3 ) The congested and relatively weak spectra associated with large molecules can actually be an asset because the usually deleterious effect of their overlapping spectra can be used to increase signal strength .
0710.5914	physics.hist-ph hep-ph hep-th	An unknown story : Majorana and the Pauli-Weisskopf scalar electrodynamics	An account is given of an interesting but unknown theory by Majorana regarding scalar quantum electrodynamics , elaborated several years before the known Pauli-Weisskopf theory . Theoretical calculations and their interpretation are given in detail , together with a general historical discussion of the main steps towards the building of a quantum field theory for electrodynamics . A possible peculiar application to nuclear constitution , as conceived around 1930 , considered by Majorana is as well discussed .
0710.5936	physics.med-ph	Mechanical Design , Control Choices and first Return of Use of a Prosthetic Arm	In the world of upper limb prostheses , few companies dominate the majority of the market . They propose different kinds of hand , wrist and elbow prostheses but their control is often difficult to understand by the patients . We have decided to develop new myoelectric prosthetic arm ( elbow , wrist and hand ) by axing our development on the use of new technologies and facility of use for the patient . In this paper , we are explaining in details the different kinds of prostheses currently proposed to the amputees , their advantages and their drawbacks , the descriptions of the patients ' needs and the possible improvements of the product . We will develop the designing choices of our prosthesis and the movements it can realize . Then we will explain the simplified control of the product by the patient and its first reactions . Finally , we will conclude by the news ideas and the next researches to concretize .
