0704.1665	physics.gen-ph	Approach to Physical Reality : a note on Poincare Group and the philosophy of Nagarjuna	We argue about a possible scenario of physical reality based on the parallelism between Poincare group and the sunyata philosophy of Nagarjuna . The notion of `` relational '' is the common denominator of two views . We have approached the relational concept in third-person perspective ( ontic level ) . It is possible to deduce different physical consequence and interpretation through first-person perspective approach . This relational interpretation leave open the questions : i ) we must abandon the idea for a physical system the possibility to extract completeness information ? ii ) we must abandon the idea to infer a possible structure of physical reality ?
0704.1692	physics.soc-ph	Effects of accelerating growth on the evolution of weighted complex networks	Many real systems possess accelerating statistics where the total number of edges grows faster than the network size . In this paper , we propose a simple weighted network model with accelerating growth . We derive analytical expressions for the evolutions and distributions for strength , degree , and weight , which are relevant to accelerating growth . We also find that accelerating growth determines the clustering coefficient of the networks . Interestingly , the distributions for strength , degree , and weight display a transition from scale-free to exponential form when the parameter with respect to accelerating growth increases from a small to large value . All the theoretical predictions are successfully contrasted with extensive numerical simulations .
0704.1726	physics.gen-ph	On de Broglie 's quantum particle as the soliton solution of linear Schr\ '' odinger equation	We develop a class of soliton solution of { \it linear } Schr\ '' odinger equation without external potential . The quantum probability density generates its own boundary inside which there is internal vibration whose wave number is determined by the velocity of the particle as firstly conjectured by de Broglie . Assuming resonance of the internal vibration will lead to quantization of particle 's momentum in term of wave number of the envelope quantum probability density . We further show that the linearity of the Schr\ '' odinger equation allows us to have non-interacting many solitons solution through superposition , each describing a particle with equal mass .
0704.1748	physics.comp-ph cs.DS nlin.AO	Self-Organization applied to Dynamic Network Layout	As networks and their structure have become a major field of research , a strong demand for network visualization has emerged . We address this challenge by formalizing the well established spring layout in terms of dynamic equations . We thus open up the design space for new algorithms . Drawing from the knowledge of systems design , we derive a layout algorithm that remedies several drawbacks of the original spring layout . This new algorithm relies on the balancing of two antagonistic forces . We thus call it { \em arf } for '' attractive and repulsive forces '' . It is , as we claim , particularly suited for a dynamic layout of smaller networks ( $ n < 10^3 $ ) . We back this claim with several application examples from on going complex systems research .
0704.1758	physics.plasm-ph	On axisymmetric MHD equilibria with incompressible flows under side conditions	Axisymmetric equilibria with incompressible flows of arbitrary direction are studied in the framework of magnetohydrodynamics under a variety of physically relevant side conditions . To this end a set of pertinent non-linear ODEs are transformed to quasilinear ones and the respective initial value problem is solved numerically with appropriately determined initial values near the magnetic axis . Several equilibria are then constructed surface by surface . The non field aligned flow results in novel configurations with a single magnetic axis , toroidal shell configurations in which the plasma is confined within a couple of magnetic surfaces and double shell-like configurations . In addition , the flow affects the elongation and triangularity of the magnetic surfaces .
0704.1763	physics.bio-ph	Towards understanding of birds magnetoreceptor mechanism	In the present letter we suggest a new theoretical model for a quantitative description of the magnetoreception mechanism in birds . The considered mechanism involves two types of iron minerals ( magnetite and maghemite ) which were found in subcellular compartments within sensory dendrites of the upper beak of several bird species . The analysis of forces acting between the iron particles shows that the orientation of the external geomagnetic field can significantly change the probability of the mechanosensitive ion channels opening and closing . The performed theoretical analysis shows that the suggested magnetoreceptor system might be a sensitive biological magnetometer providing an essential part of the magnetic map for navigation .
0704.1786	physics.gen-ph	Learning more from the Lorentz transformations	Admitting the validity of Lorentz transformations for the space as time coordinates of the same event we derive their differential form in order to underline the correct prerequisites for the application of time and length contraction or dilation effects . Furthermore we quantify the simultaneity error occurring in the relativity theory . Having done this , we analyse the root cause of these effects and identify it with a finite phase velocity associated with the moving frame . We define this phase velocity by analogy to the de Broglie wave associated with a moving particle . Based on this construct we demonstrate that the phase of the de Broglie waves further extended for stationary particles is a relativistic invariant being the same for all corresponding observers . Also the phase of the electromagnetic waves transporting energy at light speed is a relativistic invariant . Therefore the universe and its matter / energy may be seen as a superposition of waves propagating such that their phase is the same for all corresponding observers . The wave phase may replace the time as an invariant and universal reference .
0704.1797	physics.class-ph	Film Thickness Changes in EHD Sliding Contacts Lubricated by a Fatty Alcohol	This paper describes the appearance of abnormal film thickness features formed in elastohydrodynamic contacts lubricated by a fatty alcohol . Experiments were conducted by varying the slide to roll ratio between a steel ball and a glass disk in a ball-on-disk type device . Lauric alcohol was used as lubricant and film thickness was measured in the contact area by optical interferometry . Experimental results showed that the film thickness distributions under pure rolling conditions remained classical whereas the film shape changed when the slide to roll ratio was increased . The thickness in the central contact area increased and in the same time inlet and exit film thicknesses were modified . In addition , the film shapes observed when the ball surface was moving faster than the disk one and those obtained in the opposite case were different , i.e . when opposite signs but equal absolute values of the slide to roll ratio were applied .
0704.1798	physics.class-ph	A unified shear-thinning treatment of both film thickness and traction in EHD	A conclusive demonstration has been provided that the nature of the shear-thinning , that affects both film thickness and traction in EHL contacts , follows the ordinary power-law rule that has been described by many empirical models of which Carreau is but one example . This was accomplished by accurate measurements in viscometers of the shear response of a PAO that possesses a very low critical stress for shear-thinning and accurate measurements in-contact of film thickness and traction under conditions which accentuate the shear-thinning effect . The in-contact central film thickness and traction were entirely predictable from the rheological properties obtained from viscometers using simple calculations . These data should be invaluable to researchers endeavoring to accurately simulate Hertz zone behavior since the shear-thinning rheology is extensively characterized and accurate in-contact data are available to test . In addition , a new model has been introduced that may be useful for the rheological characterization of mixtures .
0704.1799	physics.class-ph	Super Low Traction under EHD and Mixed Lubrication Regimes	After the pioneered experimental works on superlubricity by Martin et al . on MoS2 [ 1 ] , Hirano et al . on tungsten and silicon [ 2 ] and the further confirmation by Dienwiebel et al . on graphite [ 3 ] , many groups around the word investigated the occurrence of near frictionless sliding contacts . This large mobilization of tribologists , material sciences specialists and physicists has lead to emerging solutions involving new materials and coatings , the most promising being carbon based like graphite , diamond , carbon composites or diamond-like-carbons . Some of them are currently used in practical applications . The situation is different especially in EHL : the highest friction coefficients are close to 10 % when traction fluids are involved , i.e . fluids that have especially designed to transmit the highest friction , and they vary within 3-6 % for the rest of lubricants . The range of variation is consequently very narrow and these typical values are really low compared to those obtained in dry contacts : as a consequence the gain expected from a super low traction regime in lubrication will be probably more limited , especially in the case of experiments conducted at the meso or macro scales . This weak perspective could be one explanation on the relatively low number of articles in recent literature dealing with lubricated superlubricity in the above conditions .
0704.1847	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Growing Networks : Limit in-degree distribution for arbitrary out-degree one	We compute the stationary in-degree probability , $ P_ { in } ( k ) $ , for a growing network model with directed edges and arbitrary out-degree probability . In particular , under preferential linking , we find that if the nodes have a light tail ( finite variance ) out-degree distribution , then the corresponding in-degree one behaves as $ k^ { -3 } $ . Moreover , for an out-degree distribution with a scale invariant tail , $ P_ { out } ( k ) \sim k^ { -\alpha } $ , the corresponding in-degree distribution has exactly the same asymptotic behavior only if $ 2 < \alpha < 3 $ ( infinite variance ) . Similar results are obtained when attractiveness is included . We also present some results on descriptive statistics measures % descriptive statistics such as the correlation between the number of in-going links , $ D_ { in } $ , and outgoing links , $ D_ { out } $ , and the conditional expectation of $ D_ { in } $ given $ D_ { out } $ , and we calculate these measures for the WWW network . Finally , we present an application to the scientific publications network . The results presented here can explain the tail behavior of in/out-degree distribution observed in many real networks .
