0706.2408	physics.chem-ph physics.optics	A New Type of Two-photon Forward Radiation in Pure Liquids	Unexpected spectral features are observed in the two photon spectrum of the pure water in the forward direction when an 80 femtosecond laser pulse is focused at 10^10Wcm-2 or less . Such intensity is much lower than the breakdown or stimulated threshold of the liquid water . The two broad features are about 2700cm-1 and 5000cm-1 red shifted from the hyper-Rayleigh wavelength , respectively , and they are quadratic with the laser intensity . They do not match the known Raman or hyper-Raman frequencies of water , and they are both centered at a narrow angle in the forward direction . Several other liquids also exhibited similar but molecular specific spectral features .
0706.2414	physics.optics	Maxwell Equations with Accounting of Tensor Properties of Time	The Maxwell equations with accounting for tensors properties of time have been considered . The effects that follow from such consideration are described . These are the appearance of vacuum polarization , anisotropy of electromagnetic wave velocity in vacuum , anisotropy of the vacuum dielectric permittivity , rotation of light polarization plane , as well as the existence of longitudinal components of electromagnetic wave and the rotational ( non-potential ) component of electric field caused by electric charges .
0706.2427	physics.optics	Dynamic radiation force of a pulsed Gaussian beam acting on a Rayleigh dielectric sphere	We investigate the dynamic evolution of the radiation forces produced by the pulsed Gaussian beams acting on a Rayleigh dielectric sphere . We derive the analytical expressions for the scattering force and all components of the ponderomotive force induced by the pulsed Gaussian beams . Our analysis shows that the radiation force , for both the transverse and longitudinal components , can be greatly enhanced as the pulse duration decreases . It is further found that for the pulse with long pulse duration , it can be used for the stable trapping and manipulating the particle , while for the pulse with short pulse duration it may be used for guiding and moving the small dielectric particle . Finally we discuss the stability conditions of the effective manipulating the particle by the pulsed beam .
0706.2436	physics.optics	Hollow Gaussian Schell-model beam and its propagation	In this paper , we present a new model , hollow Gaussian-Schell model beams ( HGSMBs ) , to describe the practical dark hollow beams . An analytical propagation formula for HGSMBs passing through a paraxial first-order optical system is derived based on the theory of coherence . Based on the derived formula , an application example showing the influence of spatial coherence on the propagation of beams is illustrated . It is found that the beam propagating properties of HGSMBs will be greatly affected by their spatial coherence . Our model provides a very convenient way for analyzing the propagation properties of partially coherent dark hollow beams .
0706.2452	physics.optics	Design of Electromagnetic Cloaks and Concentrators Using Form-Invariant Coordinate Transformations of Maxwell 's Equations	The technique of applying form-invariant , spatial coordinate transformations of Maxwell 's equations can facilitate the design of structures with unique electromagnetic or optical functionality . Here , we illustrate the transformation-optical approach in the designs of a square electromagnetic cloak and an omni-directional electromagnetic field concentrator . The transformation equations are described and the functionality of the devices is numerically confirmed by two-dimensional finite element simulations . The two devices presented demonstrate that the transformation optic approach leads to the specification of complex , anisotropic and inhomogeneous materials with well directed and distinct electromagnetic behavior .
