0706.4147	physics.gen-ph	Established pseudo solution of second-order Dirac-Coulomb equation with position-dependent mass	We show that one of exact solutions of the second-order Dirac-Coulomb equation were pseudo . In the corresponding original literature , it was considered that the mass of the electron with a Coulomb potential was position-dependent , but the obtained eigenvalues set was not the inevitable mathematical deduction of the given second-order Dirac equation , and the second-order Dirac equations were not the inevitable mathematical deduction of the given couplet first-order Dirac equation with the position-dependent mass of the electron . In the present paper , we obtain the correct solution of the introduced first-order differential equations . This new solution would be tenable only when the wave equation is correct , but there is not any experiment date to validate the so-called position-dependent of the electron in the Coulomb field .
0706.4180	physics.gen-ph	Incompatibility between Self-Observing Consciousness and the Axioms of Quantum theory	Based on the standard axioms of quantum theory , we provide a counter-example which invalidates the full compatibility between consciousness and quantum theory . In particular , we present an example of a natural phenomenon in which an observer 's the mental state can be fully described in mathematical terms analogous to the state vector that is being observed . This mathematical description of the observer 's mental state enables us to examine consciousness within the standard axioms of quantum theory . The separation between the observing party and the physical system being observed , imposed by the axiom of quantum theory , poses a problem when the observer is observing his own mental state , i.e. , self-observing consciousness .
0706.4189	physics.flu-dyn math-ph math.AP math.MP nlin.SI	Stable-Range Approach to the Equation of Nonstationary Transonic Gas Flows	Using certain finite-dimensional stable range of the nonlinear terms , we obtain large families of exact solutions parameterized by functions for the equation of nonstationary transonic gas flows discovered by Lin , Reisner and Tsien , and its three-dimensional generalization .
0706.4217	physics.chem-ph physics.atm-clus physics.comp-ph	W4 thermochemistry of P_2 and P_4 . Is the CODATA heat of formation of phosphorus atom correct ?	The high-accuracy W4 computational thermochemistry protocol , and several post-W4 methods , have been applied to the P $ _2 $ and P $ _4 $ molecules . Contrary to previous studies , we find the experimental thermochemistry to be fundamentally sound . The reaction enthalpy for P $ _4\to 2 $ P $ _2 $ has a very significant contribution from post-CCSD ( T ) correlation effects . We derive a gas-phase heat of formation for the phosphorus atom of $ \Delta H^\circ_ { f,0 } $ [ P ( g ) ] =75.54 $ \pm $ 0.1 kcal/mol and $ \Delta H^\circ_ { f,298 } $ [ P ( g ) ] =75.74 $ \pm $ 0.1 kcal/mol , in the upper half of the CODATA uncertainty interval .
0706.4221	physics.plasm-ph	Thermal instability of an expanding dusty plasma with equilibrium cooling	We present an analysis of radiation induced instabilities in an expanding plasma with considerable presence of dust particles and equilibrium cooling . We have shown that the equilibrium expansion and cooling destabilize the radiation condensation modes and the presence of dust particles enhances this effect . We have examined our results in the context of ionized , dusty-plasma environments such as those found in planetary nebulae ( PNe ) . We show that due to the non-static equilibrium and finite equilibrium cooling , small-scale localized structures formed out of thermal instability , become transient , which agrees with the observational results . The dust-charge fluctuation is found to heavily suppress these instabilities , though in view of non-availability of convincing experimental data , a definitive conclusion could not be made .
0706.4228	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	Piezooptic Coefficients and Acoustic Wave Velocities in Sn2P2S6 Crystals	Piezooptic coefficients of Sn2P2S6 crystals are experimentally determined for l=623.8 nm and T=293 K with the aid of interferometric technique . The components of the elastic stiffness tensor for these crystals are calculated on the basis of studies for the acoustic wave velocities . It is shown that acoustooptic figure of merit can achieve extremely high values for Sn2P2S6 crystals ( M2 - 2x10-12s3/kg2 ) .
0706.4234	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	Indicative Surfaces for Crystal Optical Effects	This paper has mainly a pedagogical meaning . Our aim is to demonstrate a correct general approach for constructing indicative surfaces of higher-rank tensors . We reconstruct the surfaces of piezo-optic tensor for beta-BaB2O4 and LiNbO3 crystals , which have been incorrectly presented in our recent papers .
0706.4235	physics.class-ph	Effect of hydrostatic pressure on elastic properties of ZDTP tribofilms	Previous studies have shown that the elastic properties of Zinc Dialkyl-dithiophosphate ( ZDTP ) tribofilms measured by nanoindentation increase versus applied pressure ( Anvil effect ) [ 1 , 2 ] . The aim of this paper is to demonstrate that , up to 8 GPa , this increase is a reversible phenomenon . A ZDTP tribofilm has been produced on `` AISI 52100 '' steel substrate using a Cameron-Plint tribometer . After its formation , a hydrostatic pressure of about 8 GPa was applied during one minute on the tribofilm using a large radius steel ball ( `` Brinell-like '' test ) . Nanoindentation tests were performed with a Berkovich tip on pads in order to measure and compare the mechanical properties of the tribofilm inside and outside the macroscopic plastically deformed area . Careful AFM observations have been carried out on each indent in order to take into account actual contact area . No difference in elastic properties was observed between the two areas : tribofilm modulus and pressure sensitivity are the same inside and outside the residual hemispherical print . This demonstrates that Anvil effect is a reversible phenomenon in the studied pressure range .
0706.4249	physics.bio-ph q-bio.PE	Solution of the Unanimity Rule on exponential , uniform and scalefree networks : A simple model for biodiversity collapse in foodwebs	We solve the Unanimity Rule on networks with exponential , uniform and scalefree degree distributions . In particular we arrive at equations relating the asymptotic number of nodes in one of two states to the initial fraction of nodes in this state . The solutions for exponential and uniform networks are exact , the approximation for the scalefree case is in perfect agreement with simulation results . We use these solutions to provide a theoretical understanding for experimental data on biodiversity loss in foodwebs , which is available for the three network types discussed . The model allows in principle to estimate the critical value of species that have to be removed from the system to induce its complete collapse .
0706.4287	physics.optics physics.class-ph	Dyakonov-Tamm wave at the planar interface of a chiral sculptured thin film and an isotropic dielectric material	Surface waves , named here as Dyakonov-Tamm waves , can exist at the planar interface of an isotropic dielectric material and a chiral sculptured thin film ( STF ) . Due to the periodic nonhomogeneity of a chiral STF , the range of the refractive index of the isotropic material is smaller but the range of the propagation direction in the interface plane is much larger , in comparison to those for the existence of Dyakonov waves at the planar interface of an isotropic dielectric material and a columnar thin film .
0706.4291	physics.bio-ph	Soft modes near the buckling transition of icosahedral shells	Icosahedral shells undergo a buckling transition as the ratio of Young's modulus to bending stiffness increases . Strong bending stiffness favors smooth , nearly spherical shapes , while weak bending stiffness leads to a sharply faceted icosahedral shape . Based on the phonon spectrum of a simplified mass-and-spring model of the shell , we interpret the transition from smooth to faceted as a soft-mode transition . In contrast to the case of a disclinated planar network where the transition is sharply defined , the mean curvature of the sphere smooths the transitition . We define elastic susceptibilities as the response to forces applied at vertices , edges and faces of an icosahedron . At the soft-mode transition the vertex susceptibility is the largest , but as the shell becomes more faceted the edge and face susceptibilities greatly exceed the vertex susceptibility . Limiting behaviors of the susceptibilities are analyzed and related to the ridge-scaling behavior of elastic sheets . Our results apply to virus capsids , liposomes with crystalline order and other shell-like structures with icosahedral symmetry .
0706.4300	physics.optics physics.class-ph	Morphological influence on surface -- wave propagation at the planar interface of a metal film and a columnar thin film	The selection of a higher vapor deposition angle when growing a columnar thin film ( CTF ) leads to surface-wave propagation at a planar metal-CTF interface with phase velocity of lower magnitude and shorter propagation range . Acordingly , a higher angle of plane-wave incidence is required to excite that surface wave in a modified Kretschmann configuration .
0706.4302	physics.ins-det physics.optics	Silicon beamsplitter for Fourier transform spectroscopy at far infrared frequencies	We report the performance of a silicon wafer beamsplitter for use for low $ \Delta\nu > 0.3 cm^ { -1 } $ resolution Fourier transform spectroscopy at far infrared frequencies . We characterize the Si beamsplitter by comparing throughput spectra measured with it to those measured with the standard Mylar beamsplitters commonly used in that range . We find that the throughput of the silicon beamsplitter is substantially greater than that of the Mylar beamsplitters over most of the IR spectrum , and that they are comparable in some limited ranges . The 2 mm silicon beamsplitter has an etalon spacing of about 0.7 cm^ { -1 } , which interferes with its use for $ 0.1 cm^ { -1 } < \Delta\nu < 0.3cm^ { -1 } $ . The average efficiency of the Si beamsplitter is 0.37 compared with a maximum efficiency of 0.35 for Mylar . The Si is particularly more efficient in the 100 to 400 cm^ { -1 } range because of absorption in Mylar .
