0707.3003	physics.atom-ph	Energy Dependence of Scattering Ground State Polar Molecules	We explore the total cross section of ground state polar molecules in an electric field at various energies , focusing on RbCs and RbK . An external electric field polarizes the molecules and induces strong dipolar interactions leading to non-zero partial waves contributing to the scattering even as the collision energy goes to zero . This results in the need to compute scattering problems with many different values of total M to converge the total cross section . An accurate and efficient approximate total cross section is introduced and used to study the low field temperature dependence . To understand the scattering of the polar molecules we compare a semi-classical cross section with quantum unitarity limit . This comparison leads to the ability to characterize the scattering based on the value of the electric field and the collision energy .
0707.3009	physics.flu-dyn physics.class-ph	Is CHF triggered by the vapor recoil effect ?	This paper deals with the triggering mechanism of the boiling crisis , a transition from nucleate to film boiling . We observe the boiling crisis in pool saturated boiling experimentally at nearly critical pressure to take advantage of the slowness of the bubble growth and of the smallness of the Critical Heat Flux ( CHF ) that defines the transition point . Such experiments require the reduced gravity conditions . Close to the CHF , the slow growth of the individual dry spots and their subsequent fusion on the transparent heater are observed through the latter . As discussed in the paper , these observations are consistent with numerical results obtained with the vapor recoil model of the boiling crisis .
0707.3011	physics.gen-ph	Far UV excitation of hydrogen and light emission ; applications in astrophysics	Assuming a spherical symmetry , the extreme UV emitted by a very hot source ionizes low pressure molecular hydrogen making a transparent bubble of H II ( Protons and electrons ) . For an increase of radius , intensity of extreme UV and temperature decrease , so that the plasma contains more and more atoms . A spherical shell , mainly of neutral atoms ( H I ) appears . If this shell is optically thick at Lyman frequencies of H I , it is superradiant and a competition of modes selects modes tangent to a sphere for which many atoms are excited . Thus , a shell of plasma emits , into a given direction , tangential rays showing a ring in which selected modes are brighter . While at Lyman frequencies , absorption of rays emitted by the source excites the atoms able to amplify the superradiance , a more powerful amplification of superradiance results from an induced scattering of the radial beams , which extends to feet of lines and progressively to the whole spectrum . Thermodynamics says that the brightness of radial and tangential beams tends to be equal ; if the solid angle of observation is much larger for the ring than for the source , almost the whole light emitted by the source is transferred to the rings , and the source becomes invisible . Paradoxically , a glow due to incoherent scattering and impurities around the source remains visible . As the scattering decreases with the decrease of the radial intensity , the brightness of the ring decreases with radius . These characteristics are found in supernova remnant 1987A .
0707.3015	physics.bio-ph	Application of Glow Discharge Aes for Investigation of Metal Ions and Water in Biology and Medicine	AES VHF inductively coupled plasmatron may be applied to wide range of studies . It enables rapid microanalysis of various solutions including biological objects and peripheral blood serum . In addition , it may be used for investigation of water desorption from solid bodies and for determination of energetic metal-macromolecule complexes . Study of hydration energy and hydration number by kinetic curves of water glow discharge atomic spectral analysis of hydrogen ( GD EAS analysis of hydrogen ) desorption from Na-DNA humidified fibers allowed to reveal that structural and conformational changes in activation energy of hydrated water molecules increases by 0.65kcal/Mole of water . The developed method of analysis of elements in solutions containing high concentrations of organic materials allows systematic study of practically healthy persons and reveals risk factors for several diseases . Microelemental content of blood serum fractions showed that amount of not bounded with ceruloplasmin copper was three times more at limphogranulomatose disease than that in healthy persons .
0707.3016	physics.optics physics.comp-ph	Super-resolution in turbulent videos : making profit from damage	It is shown that one can make use of local instabilities in turbulent video frames to enhance image resolution beyond the limit defined by the image sampling rate . The paper outlines the processing algorithm , presents its experimental verification on simulated and real-life videos and discusses its potentials and limitations .
0707.3019	physics.med-ph	Interacion of Heavy Metal Ions with C-Phycocyanin : Binding Isotherms and Cooperative Effects	The binding constant of copper ( II ) ions to C-PC were determined at different ionic strengths from binding isotherms by equilibrium dialysis and flame atomic absorption spectroscopy . Fluorescence and absorbtion spectroscopy provides insight of metal-C-phycocyanin interactions . Fluorescence measurements demonstrate C-PC quenching of heavy metal ions emission intensities . Stern-Volmer quenching constants were obtained from the linear quenching plots . Blue shifts in the fluorescence spectra were observed during metal binding to C-PC . It was shown , that between bound metal ions in C-PC there exists positive cooperativity .
0707.3045	physics.chem-ph	Time-dependent density functional study of the electronic spectra of oligoacenes in the charge states -1 , 0 , +1 , and +2	We present a systematic theoretical study of the five smallest oligoacenes ( naphthalene , anthracene , tetracene , pentacene , and hexacene ) in their anionic , neutral , cationic , and dicationic charge states . We used density functional theory ( DFT ) to obtain the ground-state optimised geometries , and time-dependent DFT ( TD-DFT ) to evaluate the electronic absorption spectra . Total-energy differences enabled us to evaluate the electron affinities and first and second ionisation energies , the quasiparticle correction to the HOMO-LUMO energy gap and an estimate of the excitonic effects in the neutral molecules . Electronic absorption spectra have been computed by combining two different implementations of TD-DFT : the frequency-space method to study general trends as a function of charge-state and molecular size for the lowest-lying in-plane long-polarised and short-polarised $ \pi\to\pi^\star $ electronic transitions , and the real-time propagation scheme to obtain the whole photo-absorption cross-section up to the far-UV . Doubly-ionised PAHs are found to display strong electronic transitions of $ \pi\to\pi^\star $ character in the near-IR , visible , and near-UV spectral ranges , like their singly-charged counterparts . While , as expected , the broad plasmon-like structure with its maximum at about 17-18 eV is relatively insensitive to the charge-state of the molecule , a systematic decrease with increasing positive charge of the absorption cross-section between about 6 and about 12 eV is observed for each member of the class .
0707.3071	physics.ins-det	Tracking and vertexing at ATLAS	Several algorithms for tracking and for primary and secondary vertex reconstruction have been developed by the ATLAS collaboration following different approaches . This has allowed a thorough cross-check of the performances of the algorithms and of the reconstruction software . The results of the most recent studies on this topic are discussed and compared .
0707.3106	physics.ed-ph	A Global View of Cognitive Structure and Implications for Instruction and Assessment	We assert that models of cognitive structure all have the same basic features . These basic features , independent of the model , have important implications for instruction and assessment . We describe the basic features of models of cognitive structure , giving examples from our research . We then discuss the implications for instruction and assessment .
0707.3111	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Nonperturbative resonant strong field ionization of atomic hydrogen	We investigate resonant strong field ionization of atomic hydrogen with respect to the 1s-2p-transition . By `` strong '' we understand that Rabi-periods are executed on a femtosecond time scale . Ionization and AC Stark shifts modify the bound state dynamics severely , leading to nonperturbative signatures in the photoelectron spectra . We introduce an analytical model , capable of predicting qualitative features in the photoelectron spectra such as the positions of the Autler-Townes peaks for modest field strengths . Ab initio solutions of the time-dependent Schroedinger equation show a pronounced shift and broadening of the left Autler-Townes peak as the field strength is increased . The right peak remains rather narrow and shifts less . This result is analyzed and explained with the help of exact AC Stark shifts and ionization rates obtained from Floquet theory . Finally , it is demonstrated that in the case of finite pulses as short as 20fs the Autler-Townes duplet can still be resolved . The fourth generation light sources under construction worldwide will provide bright , coherent radiation with photon energies ranging from a tenth of a meV up to tens of keV , hence covering the regime studied in the paper so that measurements of nonperturbative , relative AC Stark shifts should become feasible with these new light sources .
0707.3117	physics.optics	Cavity cooling of a nanomechanical resonator by light scattering	We present a novel method for opto-mechanical cooling of sub-wavelength sized nanomechanical resonators . Our scheme uses a high finesse Fabry-Perot cavity of small mode volume , within which the nanoresonator is acting as a position-dependant perturbation by scattering . In return , the back-action induced by the cavity affects the nanoresonator dynamics and can cool its fluctuations . We investigate such cavity cooling by scattering for a nanorod structure and predict that ground-state cooling is within reach .
0707.3157	physics.atom-ph	Accurate retrieval of structural information from laser-induced photoelectron and high-harmonic spectra by few-cycle laser pulses	By analyzing `` exact '' theoretical results from solving the time-dependent Schr\ '' odinger equation of atoms in few-cycle laser pulses , we established the general conclusion that differential elastic scattering and photo-recombination cross sections of the target ion with { \em free } electrons can be extracted accurately from laser-generated high-energy electron momentum spectra and high-order harmonic spectra , respectively . Since both electron scattering and photoionization ( the inverse of photo-recombination ) are the conventional means for interrogating the structure of atoms and molecules , this result shows that existing few-cycle infrared lasers can be implemented for ultrafast imaging of transient molecules with temporal resolution of a few femtoseconds .
