0712.1694	physics.optics	Coordinate transformation makes perfect invisibility cloak with arbitrary shape	By investigating wave properties at cloak boundaries , invisibility cloaks with arbitrary shape constructed by general coordinate transformations are confirmed to be perfectly invisible to the external incident wave . The differences between line transformed cloaks and point transformed cloaks are discussed . The fields in the cloak medium are found analytically to be related to the fields in the original space via coordinate transformation functions . At the exterior boundary of the cloak , it is shown that no reflection is excited even though the permittivity and permeability do not always have a perfect matched layer form . While at the inner boundary , no reflection is excited either , and in particular no field can penetrate into the cloaked region . However , for the inner boundary of any line transformed cloak , the permittivity and permeability in a specific tangential direction are always required to be infinitely large . Furthermore , the field discontinuity at the inner boundary always exists ; the surface current is induced to make this discontinuity self-consistent . For a point transformed cloak , it does not experience such problems . The tangential fields at the inner boundary are all zero , implying no field discontinuity exists
0712.1700	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	Light Scattering on Random Dielectric Layers	Scattering of light by a random stack of dielectric layers represents a one-dimensional scattering problem , where the scattered field is a three-dimensional vector field . We investigate the dependence of the scattering properties ( band gaps and Anderson localization ) on the wavelength , strength of randomness and relative angle of the incident wave . There is a characteristic angular dependence of Anderson localization for wavelengths close to the thickness of the layers . In particular , the localization length varies non-monotonously with the angle . In contrast to Anderson localization , absorptive layers do not have this characteristic angular dependence .
0712.1710	physics.acc-ph physics.optics	A simple method for timing an XFEL source to high-power lasers	We propose a technique , to be used for time-resolved pump-probe experiments , for timing an x-ray free electron laser ( XFEL ) to a high-power conventional laser with femtosecond accuracy . Our method takes advantage of the same electron bunch to produce both an XFEL pulse and an ultrashort optical pulse with the help of an optical radiator downstream of the x-ray undulator . Since both pulses are produced by the same electron bunch , they are perfectly synchronized . Application of cross-correlation techniques will allow to determine relative jitter between the optical pulse ( and , thus , the XFEL pulse ) and a pulse from an external pump-laser with femtosecond resolution . Technical realization of the proposed timing scheme uses an optical replica synthesizer ( ORS ) setup to be installed after the final bunch-compression stage of the XFEL . The electron bunch is modulated in the ORS setup by an external optical laser . Subsequently , it travels through the main undulator , and produces the XFEL pulse . Finally , a powerful optical pulse of coherent edge radiation is generated as the bunch passes through a long straight section and a separation magnet downstream of the main undulator . Our study shows that at a moderate ( about 10 % ) density modulation of the electron bunch at the location of the optical radiator allows production of high power x-ray and optical pulses . Relative synchronization of these pulses is preserved by using the same mechanical support for both x-ray and optical elements transporting radiation down to the experimental area , where single-shot cross-correlation between optical pulse and pump-laser pulse is performed . We illustrate the potential of the proposed timing technique with numerical examples referring to the European XFEL facility .
0712.1723	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.dis-nn physics.data-an	Diophantine Networks	We introduce a new class of deterministic networks by associating networks with Diophantine equations , thus relating network topology to algebraic properties . The network is formed by representing integers as vertices and by drawing cliques between M vertices every time that M distinct integers satisfy the equation . We analyse the network generated by the Pythagorean equation $ x^ { 2 } +y^ { 2 } = z^ { 2 } $ showing that its degree distribution is well approximated by a power law with exponential cut-off . We also show that the properties of this network differ considerably from the features of scale-free networks generated through preferential attachment . Remarkably we also recover a power law for the clustering coefficient .
0712.1726	physics.atom-ph physics.atm-clus	Quantum interference spectroscopy of RbHe exciplexes formed on helium nanodroplets	Femtosecond multiphoton pump-probe photoionization is applied to helium nanodroplets doped with rubidium ( Rb ) . The yield of Rb+ ions features pronounced quantum interference ( QI ) fringes demonstrating the coherence of a superposition of electronic states on a time scale of tens of picoseconds . Furthermore , we observe QI in the yield of formed RbHe exciplex molecules . The quantum interferogram allows to determine the vibrational structure of these unstable molecules . From a sliced Fourier analysis one can not only extract the population dynamics of vibrational states but also follow their energetic evolution during the RbHe formation .
0712.1728	physics.soc-ph	Features of Traffic Congestion caused by bad Weather Conditions or Accident	Spatiotemporal features and physics of vehicular traffic congestion occurring due to heavy freeway bottlenecks caused by bad weather conditions or accidents are found based on simulations in the framework of three-phase traffic theory . A model of a heavy bottleneck is presented . Under a continuous non-limited increase in bottleneck strength , i.e. , when the average flow rate within a congested pattern allowed by the heavy bottleneck decreases continuously up to zero , the evolution of the traffic phases in congested traffic , synchronized flow and wide moving jams , is studied .
0712.1738	physics.optics cond-mat.soft	Characterizing and tracking single colloidal particles with video holographic microscopy	We use digital holographic microscopy and Mie scattering theory to simultaneously characterize and track individual colloidal particles . Each holographic snapshot provides enough information to measure a colloidal sphere 's radius and refractive index to within 1 % , and simultaneously to measure its three-dimensional position with nanometer in-plane precision and 10 nanometer axial resolution .
0712.1750	physics.pop-ph physics.ed-ph	Neutrino Mass	This is a review article about the most recent developments on the field of neutrino mass . The first part of the review introduces the idea of neutrino masses and mixing angles , summarizes the most recent experimental data then discusses the experimental prospects and challenges in this area . The second part of the review discusses the implications of these results for particle physics and cosmology , including the origin of neutrino mass , the see-saw mechanism and sequential dominance , and large extra dimensions and cosmology .
0712.1767	physics.gen-ph	Quantitative non contact dynamic Casimir force measurements	We show that the Casimir force gradient can be quantitatively measured with no contact involved . Results of the Casimir force measurement with systematic uncertainty of 3 % are presented for the distance range of 100-600 nm . The statistical uncertainty is shown to be due to the thermal fluctuations of the force probe . The corresponding signal to noise ratio equals unity at the distance of 600 nm . Direct contact between surfaces used in most previous studies to determine absolute distance separation is here precluded . Use of direct contact to identify the origin of distances is a severe limitation for studies of the Casimir forces on structured surfaces as it deteriorates irreversibly the studied surface and the probe . This force machine uses a dynamical method with an inserted gold sphere probe glued to a lever . The lever is mechanically excited at resonant frequency in front of a chosen sample . The absolute distance determination is achieved to be possible , without any direct probe/sample contact , using an electrostatic method associated to a real time correction of the mechanical drift . The positioning shift uncertainty is as low as 2 nm .
0712.1773	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	Collective Atomic Recoil Laser as a synchronization transition	We consider here a model previously introduced to describe the collective behavior of an ensemble of cold atoms interacting with a coherent electromagnetic field . The atomic motion along the self-generated spatially-periodic force field can be interpreted as the rotation of a phase oscillator . This suggests a relationship with synchronization transitions occurring in globally coupled rotators . In fact , we show that whenever the field dynamics can be adiabatically eliminated , the model reduces to a self-consistent equation for the probability distribution of the atomic '' phases '' . In this limit , there exists a formal equivalence with the Kuramoto model , though with important differences in the self-consistency conditions . Depending on the field-cavity detuning , we show that the onset of synchronized behavior may occur through either a first- or second-order phase transition . Furthermore , we find a secondary threshold , above which a periodic self-pulsing regime sets in , that is immediately followed by the unlocking of the forward-field frequency . At yet higher , but still experimentally meaningful , input intensities , irregular , chaotic oscillations may eventually appear . Finally , we derive a simpler model , involving only five scalar variables , which is able to reproduce the entire phenomenology exhibited by the original model .
0712.1776	physics.optics cond-mat.mes-hall	Reflection-Free One-Way Edge Modes in a Gyromagnetic Photonic Crystal	We point out that electromagnetic one-way edge modes analogous to quantum Hall edge states , originally predicted by Raghu and Haldane in 2D gyroelectric photonic crystals possessing Dirac point-derived bandgaps , can appear in more general settings . In particular , we show that the TM modes in a gyromagnetic photonic crystal can be formally mapped to electronic wavefunctions in a periodic electromagnetic field , so that the only requirement for the existence of one-way edge modes is that the Chern number for all bands below a gap is non-zero . In a square-lattice gyromagnetic Yttrium-Iron-Garnet photonic crystal operating at microwave frequencies , which lacks Dirac points , time-reversal breaking is strong enough that the effect should be easily observable . For realistic material parameters , the edge modes occupy a 10 % band gap . Numerical simulations of a one-way waveguide incorporating this crystal show 100 % transmission across strong defects , such as perfect conductors several lattice constants wide , larger than the width of the waveguide .
0712.1783	physics.med-ph	A patient-specific respiratory model of anatomical motion for radiation treatment planning	Modeling of respiratory motion is important for a more accurate understanding and accounting of its effect on dose to cancers in the thorax and abdomen by radiotherapy . We have developed a model of respiration-induced organ motion in the thorax , without the commonly adopted assumption of repeatable breath cycles . The model describes the motion of a volume of interest within the patient , based on a reference 3-dimensional image ( at end-expiration ) , and the diaphragm positions at different time points . The input data are respiration-correlated CT images of patients treated for nonsmall cell lung cancer , consisting of 3D images , including the diaphragm positions , at 10 phases of the respiratory cycle . A deformable image registration algorithm calculates the deformation field that maps each 3D image to the reference 3D image . A principle component analysis is performed to parameterize the 3D deformation field in terms of the diaphragm motion . We show that the first two principal components are adequate to accurately and completely describe the organ motion in the data of 4 patients . Artifacts in the RCCT images that commonly occur at the mid-respiration states are reduced in the model-generated images . Further validation of the model is demonstrated in the successful application of the parameterized 3D deformation field to RCCT data of the same patient but acquired several days later . We have developed a method for predicting respiration-induced organ motion in patients that has potential for improving the accuracy of dose calculation in radiotherapy .
0712.1833	physics.ao-ph astro-ph hep-ex	Oceanic Ambient Noise as a Background to Acoustic Neutrino Detection	Ambient noise measured in the deep ocean is studied in the context of a search for signals from ultra-high energy cosmic ray neutrinos . The spectral shape of the noise at the relevant high frequencies is found to be very stable for an extensive data set collected over several months from 49 hydrophones mounted near the bottom of the ocean at ~1600 m depth . The slopes of the ambient noise spectra above 15 kHz are found to roll-off faster than the -6 dB/octave seen in Knudsen spectra . A model attributing the source to an uniform distribution of surface noise that includes frequency-dependent absorption at large depth is found to fit the data well up to 25 kHz . This depth dependent model should therefore be used in analysis methods of acoustic neutrino pulse detection that require the expected noise spectra .
0712.1845	physics.bio-ph q-bio.NC	Automated identification of neurons and their locations	Individual locations of many neuronal cell bodies ( > 10^4 ) are needed to enable statistically significant measurements of spatial organization within the brain such as nearest-neighbor and microcolumnarity measurements . In this paper , we introduce an Automated Neuron Recognition Algorithm ( ANRA ) which obtains the ( x , y ) location of individual neurons within digitized images of Nissl-stained , 30 micron thick , frozen sections of the cerebral cortex of the Rhesus monkey . Identification of neurons within such Nissl-stained sections is inherently difficult due to the variability in neuron staining , the overlap of neurons , the presence of partial or damaged neurons at tissue surfaces , and the presence of non-neuron objects , such as glial cells , blood vessels , and random artifacts . To overcome these challenges and identify neurons , ANRA applies a combination of image segmentation and machine learning . The steps involve active contour segmentation to find outlines of potential neuron cell bodies followed by artificial neural network training using the segmentation properties ( size , optical density , gyration , etc . ) to distinguish between neuron and non-neuron segmentations . ANRA positively identifies 86 [ 5 ] % neurons with 15 [ 8 ] % error ( mean [ st.dev . ] ) on a wide range of Nissl-stained images , whereas semi-automatic methods obtain 80 [ 7 ] % /17 [ 12 ] % . A further advantage of ANRA is that it affords an unlimited increase in speed from semi-automatic methods , and is computationally efficient , with the ability to recognize ~100 neurons per minute using a standard personal computer . ANRA is amenable to analysis of huge photo-montages of Nissl-stained tissue , thereby opening the door to fast , efficient and quantitative analysis of vast stores of archival material that exist in laboratories and research collections around the world .
0712.1849	physics.gen-ph	Weak nuclear forces cause the strong nuclear force	We determine the strength of the weak nuclear force which holds the lattices of the elementary particles together . We also determine the strength of the strong nuclear force which emanates from the sides of the nuclear lattices . The strong force is the sum of the unsaturated weak forces at the surface of the nuclear lattices . The strong force is then about ten to the power of 6 times stronger than the weak force between two lattice points .
0712.1862	physics.chem-ph	Spin states of zigzag-edged Mobius graphene nanoribbons from first principles	Mobius graphene nanoribbons have only one edge topologically . How the magnetic structures , previously associated with the two edges of zigzag-edged flat nanoribbons or cyclic nanorings , would change for their Mobius counterparts is an intriguing question . Using spin-polarized density functional theory , we shed light on this question . We examine spin states of zigzag-edged Mobius graphene nanoribbons ( ZMGNRs ) with different widths and lengths . We find a triplet ground state for a Mobius cyclacene , while the corresponding two-edged cyclacene has an open-shell singlet ground state . For wider ZMGNRs , the total magnetization of the ground state is found to increase with the ribbon length . For example , a quintet ground state is found for a ZMGNR . Local magnetic moments on the edge carbon atoms form domains of majority and minor spins along the edge . Spins at the domain boundaries are found to be frustrated . Our findings show that the Mobius topology ( i.e. , only one edge ) causes ZMGNRs to favor one spin over the other , leading to a ground state with non-zero total magnetization .
