0708.3488	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Magnetometry Based on Nonlinear Magneto-Optical Rotation with Amplitude-Modulated Light	We report on an all-optical magnetometric technique based on nonlinear magneto-optical rotation with amplitude-modulated light . The method enables sensitive magnetic-field measurements in a broad dynamic range . We demonstrate the sensitivity of $ 4.3\times10^ { -9 } $ G/ $ \sqrt { \text { Hz } } $ at 10 mG and the magnetic field tracking in a range of 40 mG . The fundamental limits of the method sensitivity and factors determining current performance of the magnetometer are discussed .
0708.3518	physics.gen-ph gr-qc	A Look at the Abandoned Contributions to Cosmology of Dirac , Sciama and Dicke	The separate contributions to cosmology of the above researchers are revisited and a cosmology encompassing their basic ideas is proposed . We study Dirac 's article on the large number hypothesis ( 1938 ) , Sciama 's proposal of realizing Mach 's principle ( 1953 ) , and Dicke 's considerations ( 1957 ) on a flat-space representation of general relativity with a variable speed of light ( VSL ) . Dicke 's tentative theory can be formulated in a way which is compatible with Sciama 's hypothesis on the gravitational constant G. Additionally , such a cosmological model is shown to satisfy Dirac 's second `large number ' hypothesis on the total number of particles in the universe being proportional to the square of the epoch . In the same context , Dirac 's first hypothesis on an epoch-dependent G-contrary to his prediction- does not necessarily produce a visible time dependence of G. While Dicke 's proposalreproduces the classical tests of GR in first approximation , the cosmological redshift is described by a shortening of measuring rods rather than an expansion of space . Since the temporal evolution of the horizon R is governed by \dot R ( t ) =c ( t ) , the flatness and horizon problems do not arise in the common form .
0708.3520	physics.comp-ph physics.soc-ph	Prisoner 's Dilemma in One-Dimensional Cellular Automata : Visualization of Evolutionary Patterns	The spatial Prisoner 's Dilemma is a prototype model to show the emergence of cooperation in very competitive environments . It considers players , at site of lattices , that can either cooperate or defect when playing the Prisoner's Dilemma with other z players . This model presents a rich phase diagram . Here we consider players in cells of one-dimensional cellular automata . Each player interacts with other z players . This geometry allows us to vary , in a simple manner , the number of neighbors ranging from one up to the lattice size , including self-interaction . This approach has multiple advantages . It is simple to implement numerically and we are able to retrieve all the previous results found in the previously considered lattices , with a faster convergence to stationary values . More remarkable , it permits us to keep track of the spatio-temporal evolution of each player of the automaton . Giving rise to interesting patterns . These patterns allow the interpretation of cooperation/defection clusters as particles , which can be absorbed and collided among themselves . The presented approach represents a new paradigm to study the emergence and maintenance of cooperation in the spatial Prisoner 's Dilemma .
0708.3542	physics.soc-ph	Congestion , equilibrium and learning : The minority game	The minority game is a simple congestion game in which the players ' main goal is to choose among two options the one that is adopted by the smallest number of players . We characterize the set of Nash equilibria and the limiting behavior of several well-known learning processes in the minority game with an arbitrary odd number of players . Interestingly , different learning processes provide considerably different predictions .
0708.3577	physics.gen-ph	An Equilibrium Balance of the Universe	An alternative cosmological model is presented , which avoids the requirement of dark energy and dark matter . Based on the proposition that energy conservation should be valid not only locally but also globally , the energy tensor of general relativity has to be corrected , including potential energy of matter explicitly . This leads to the consequence that a homogeneous universe must be static , as potential energy acts as a field with negative pressure . In this static universe cosmological red shift can be understood as energy loss by gravitational radiation . There exists a continuous matter cycle , beginning from hot intergalactic plasma , which is replenished by the jets of quasars , the formation of large web-like structures , the formation of galaxies and stars , to the final collapse into quasars again . The model is confirmed qualitatively by the observed size distribution of cosmic structures . Quantitative confirmation is obtained from the diffuse x-ray background and from observations of supernovas . As the total energy content of the universe ( trace of the energy tensor ) is zero in this model , creation ex nihilo is possible , but requires changes of our elementary particle models . An idea of a modified model is presented .
0708.3611	physics.chem-ph physics.atm-clus physics.comp-ph	Structural and dynamical characteristics of mesoscopic H $ ^+ $ [ H $ _2 $ O ] $ _n $ clusters	Structural and dynamical characteristics pertaining to the solvation of an excess proton in liquid-like nanoclusters of the type [ H $ _2 $ O ] $ _n $ are investigated using Molecular Dynamics experiments . Three different aggregate sizes were analyzed : $ n=10 , $ 21 and 125 . The simulation experiments were performed using a multistate empirical valence bond Hamiltonian model . While in the smallest aggregates the proton occupies a central position , the stable solvation environments for $ n=21 $ and 125 are located at the cluster boundaries . In all cases , the structure of the closest solvation shell of the excess charge remains practically unchanged and coincides with that observed in bulk water . Compared to results obtained in bulk , the computed rates for proton transfer in clusters are between one and two orders of magnitude slower , and tend to increase for larger cluster sizes .
0708.3632	physics.hist-ph	Akhet Khufu : archaeo-astronomical hints at a common project of the two main pyramids of Giza , Egypt	The architectural complexes composed by the two main pyramids of Giza together with their temples are investigated from an inter-disciplinary point of view , taking into account their astronomical alignments as well as their relationships with the visible landscape . Combining already known facts together with new clues , the work strongly supports the idea that the two complexes were conceived as parts of a common project .
0708.3635	physics.data-an	A Multivariate Training Technique with Event Reweighting	An event reweighting technique incorporated in multivariate training algorithm has been developed and tested using the Artificial Neural Networks ( ANN ) and Boosted Decision Trees ( BDT ) . The event reweighting training are compared to that of the conventional equal event weighting based on the ANN and the BDT performance . The comparison is performed in the context of the physics analysis of the ATLAS experiment at the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) , which will explore the fundamental nature of matter and the basic forces that shape our universe . We demonstrate that the event reweighting technique provides an unbiased method of multivariate training for event pattern recognition .
