0711.1197	physics.gen-ph	`` Gravitational mass '' of information ?	We hypothesize possible new types of forces that would be the result of new types of interactions , static and a slow transient , between objects with related information contents ( pattern ) . Such mechanism could make material composition dependence claimed by Fishbach , et al in Eotvos type experiments plausible . We carried out experiments by using a high-resolution scale with the following memories : USB-2 flash drives ( 1-16GB ) , DVD and CD disks to determine if such an interaction exist/detectable with a scale resolution of 10 microgram with these test objects . We applied zero information , white noise and 1/f noise type data . Writing or deleting the information in any of these devices causes peculiar negative weight transients , up to milligrams ( mass fraction around 10^-5 ) , which is followed by various types of relaxation processes . These relaxations have significantly different dynamics compared to transients observed during cooling after stationary external heating . Interestingly , a USB-1 MP3 player has also developed comparable transient mass loss during playing music . A classical interpretation of the negative weight transients could be absorbed water in hygroscopic components however comparison of relaxation time constants with air humidity data does not support an obvious explanation . Another classical interpretation with certain contribution is the lifting Bernoulli force caused by the circulation due to convection of the warm air . However , in this case all observed time constants with a device should have been the same unless some hidden parameter causes the observed variations . Further studies are warranted to clarify if there is indeed a new force , which is showing up as negative mass at weight measurement when high-density structural information is changed or read out ( measured ) .
0711.1235	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech nlin.AO	A theory of web traffic	We analyze access statistics of several popular webpages for a period of several years . The graphs of daily downloads are highly non-homogeneous with long periods of low activity interrupted by bursts of heavy traffic . These bursts are due to avalanches of blog entries , referring to the page . We quantitatively explain this behavior using the theory of branching processes . We extrapolate these findings to construct a model of the entire web . According to the model , the competition between webpages for viewers pushes the web into a self-organized critical state . In this regime , the most interesting webpages are in a near-critical state , with a power law distribution of traffic intensity .
0711.1243	physics.gen-ph	Potentials in Energy Momentum Tensor and the Equation of State	The energy momentum tensor of the perfect fluid is a simplified but successful model of wide practical use in astrophysics . In the previous researches , some important information such as the self-energy of the interaction of the particles and influence of the gravitational potential are usually ignored or introduced phenomenologically . In this letter , the analysis and calculation show that , the interactive potentials of the particles can be described by introducing an extra potential $ W $ , which acts like negative pressure . For the gases in a star , the state functions are strongly influenced by the gravitational potential , and only the temperature $ T $ is independent variable , but the other state functions such as mass-energy density $ \rho $ and pressure $ P $ can be expressed as simple functions of $ T $ . These relations can provide some new insights into the dynamical behavior and structure of a star .
0711.1245	physics.bio-ph physics.data-an	Optimal evaluation of single-molecule force spectroscopy experiments	The forced rupture of single chemical bonds under external load is addressed . A general framework is put forward to optimally utilize the experimentally observed rupture force data for estimating the parameters of a theoretical model . As an application we explore to what extent a distinction between several recently proposed models is feasible on the basis of realistic experimental data sets .
0711.1247	physics.gen-ph	Discovery of Quantum Hidden Variable	The first clue , in the theory of relativity , the 4-vector force acting on a particle is orthogonal to the 4-vector velocity of the particle , this orthogonality means that there is some difference between the orthogonality and the usual statement : the Coulomb 's force ( or gravitational force ) acts along the line joining a couple of particles ( in usual 3D space ) , so the direction of 4-vector Coulomb 's force is carefully investigated , it is found that Maxwell's equations can be derived from classical Coulomb 's force and the orthogonality . The second clue , a 4-vector force has 4 components , because of the orthogonality of 4-vector force and 4-vector velocity , the number of independent components of the 4-vector force reduces to 3 , however we prove that 4-vector Coulomb 's force can merely provide 2 independent components , this situation means that there is an undefined component accompanying the 4-vector Coulomb 's force , hinting that this missing undefined component is a hidden variable . The third clue , the best way to study the hidden variable is to establish a new concept : Z-space , in which the undefined component of 4-vector Coulomb 's force can be clearly defined as the hidden variable for the quantum mechanics . At the last , the undefined component is regarded as a fluctuating source that contributes to Lorentz force , so that the quantum wave equation can be derived out in the ensemble space of particle motion from the relativistic Newton 's second law .
0711.1261	physics.soc-ph	Who 's talking first ? Consensus or lack thereof in coevolving opinion formation models	We investigate different opinion formation models on adaptive network topologies . Depending on the dynamical process , rewiring can either ( i ) lead to the elimination of interactions between agents in different states , and accelerate the convergence to a consensus state or break the network in non-interacting groups or ( ii ) counter-intuitively , favor the existence of diverse interacting groups for exponentially long times . The mean-field analysis allows to elucidate the mechanisms at play . Strikingly , allowing the interacting agents to bear more than one opinion at the same time drastically changes the model 's behavior and leads to fast consensus .
0711.1271	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.dis-nn physics.comp-ph	The Path-Star Transformation and its Effects on Complex Networks	A good deal of the connectivity of complex networks can be characterized in terms of their constituent paths and hubs . For instance , the Barab\'asi-Albert model is known to incorporate a significative number of hubs and relatively short paths . On the other hand , the Watts-Strogatz model is underlain by a long path and almost complete absence of hubs . The present work investigates how the topology of complex networks changes when a path is transformed into a star ( or , for long paths , a hub ) . Such a transformation keeps the number of nodes and does not increase the number of edges in the network , but has potential for greatly changing the network topology . Several interesting results are reported with respect to Erdos-R\'enyi , Barab\'asi-Albert and Watts-Strogats models , including the unexpected finding that the diameter and average shortest path length of the former type of networks are little affected by the path-star transformation . In addition to providing insight about the organization of complex networks , such transformations are also potentially useful for improving specific aspects of the network connectivity , e.g . average shortest path length as required for expedite communication between nodes .
0711.1282	physics.ins-det nucl-ex nucl-th	Calculations of the Efficiency of Registration of Thermal Neutrons by Complex Converters Constructed on the Basis of Gadolinium Foils	We consider the results of modeling of the efficiency of registration of thermal neutrons by the converters , which are made from natural gadolinium and its 157 isotope foils . Efficiency for a case of falling of neutrons under various angles to a plane of converters is calculated . It is shown , that at small angles of falling of neutrons to a plane of converters it is possible to receive the efficiency of registration close to a theoretical limit . Efficiency of the complex converter made of kapton supporting film with gadolinium converters layered on both its sides is considered . All calculations are carried out for four fixed neutron energies , which correspond to the wavelengths of 1 , 1.8 , 3 and 4 $ \AA $ .
0711.1287	physics.ins-det	Study of Micro Pixel Photon Counters for a high granularity scintillator-based hadron calorimeter	A new Geiger mode avalanche photodiode , the Micro Pixel Photon Counter ( MPPC ) , was recently released by Hamamatsu . It has a high photo-detection efficiency in the 420 nm spectral region . This product can represent an elegant candidate for the design of a high granularity scintillator based hadron calorimeter for the International Linear Collider . In fact , the direct readout of the blue scintillation photons with a MPPC is a feasible techological solution . The readout of a plastic scintillator by a MPPC , both mediated by the traditional wavelength shifting fiber , and directly coupled , has been systematically studied .
0711.1300	physics.gen-ph	An Alternative View of the Universe Structure ( on the invalidity of the four dimensional space-time concept )	The model of the Universe in this paper uses equations of the unperturbed Keplerian motion . They have been updated , complementied and generalized when the solution of these equations is the characteristic function of a random value from the theory of probabilities . Argument of the differential equation in this case is any more time , an interval of time between sections of a random stationary prosess . In this paper this time interval is referred to as flexible ( elastic ) time due to its many non-trivial properties . It is proved flexible time does not depend on the space which makes invalid the four dimensional space-time concept . The Universe becomes stationary and Eucledian . It is proved : 1. the advavce of Mercury 's perihelion versus the predictions in accordance with the universal gravity law results inequality of the coefficients in the correlation equations of Keplerian moution along axes x , y and z ; 2. the velocity of propagation of harmonic oscillation in the Uneverse is not constant ; 3. long-range interaction , i.e . instantaneous communication between any two points of space in tne Universe is possible ; 4. the Universe is a closed-loop informatiom-energy system which revives the nature and acts as a barrier to the second law of thermodynamics where stars are treated as machines which accumulate energy by moving . Physics in the Universe is conceptually different from that of the Earth and , respectively , needs methods of investigation different from the ones which are used today . Numerous astronomical supervision and the researches lead by known astrophysicist N.A.Kozyrev personally or under his management confirm adequacy of the model in the present paper .
0711.1312	physics.ins-det	Detector of alpha particles and x-rays operating in ambient air in pulse counting mode or/and with gas amplification	Ionization chambers working in ambient air in current detection mode are widely used in several applications such as smoke detection , dosimetry , therapeutic beam monitoring and cetera . The aim of this work was to investigate if gaseous detectors can operate in ambient air in pulse counting mode as well as with gas amplification . . To investigate the feasibility of this method two types of open- end gaseous detectors were build and successfully tested . The first one was a single wire or multiwire cylindrical geometry detector operating in pulse mode at a gas gain of 1 . The second type alpha detector was an innovative GEM-like detector with resistive electrodes operating in air in avalanche mode at high gas gains ( up to 10E4 ) . A detailed comparison between these two detectors is given as well as comparison with the commercially available alpha detectors . The main advantages of gaseous detectors operating in air in a pulse detection mode are their simplicity , low cost and high sensitivity . One of the possible applications of these new detectors is alpha particle background monitors which , due to their low cost can find wide application not only in houses , but in public areas : airports , railway station and so on .
0711.1315	physics.soc-ph	On the effects of geographical constraints on task execution in complex networks	In the present work we investigate the effects of spatial constraints on the efficiency of task execution in systems underlain by geographical complex networks where the probability of connection decreases with the distance between the nodes . The investigation considers several configurations of the parameters defining the network connectivity , and the Barabasi-Albert network model is also considered for comparisons . The results show that the effect of connectivity is significant only for shorter tasks , that the locality of connections implied by the spatial constraints reduces efficency , and that the addition of edges can improve the efficiency of the execution , although with increasing locality of the connections the improvement is small .
0711.1321	physics.plasm-ph	Solving non-linear equations of longitudinal and transverse electron waves in collisionless Maxwellian plasma	We have considered an expansion of solutions of the non-linear equations for both longitudinal and transverse waves in collisionless Maxwellian plasma in series of non-damping overtones of the field E ( x , t ) and electron velocity distribution function f=f ( 0 ) +f ( 1 ) where f ( 0 ) is background Maxwellian electron distribution function and f ( 1 ) is perturbation . The electrical field and perturbation f ( 1 ) are presented as a series of non-damping harmonics with increasing frequencies of the order n and the same propagation speed . It is shown presence of recurrent relations for arising overtones . Convergence of the series is provided by a power law parameter series convergence . There are proposed also successive procedures of cutting off the distribution function f ( 1 ) to the condition of positivity f near the singularity points where kinetic equation becomes inapplicable . In this case , at poles absence the solution reduces to non-damping Vlasov waves ( oscillations ) . In the case of transverse waves , dispersion equation has two roots , corresponding to the branches of fast electromagnetic and slow electron waves . There is noted a possibility of experimental testing appearing exotic results with detecting frequencies and amplitudes of n-order overtones .
0711.1360	physics.soc-ph cs.CL	Analytical approach to bit-string models of language evolution	A formulation of bit-string models of language evolution , based on differential equations for the population speaking each language , is introduced and preliminarily studied . Connections with replicator dynamics and diffusion processes are pointed out . The stability of the dominance state , where most of the population speaks a single language , is analyzed within a mean-field-like approximation , while the homogeneous state , where the population is evenly distributed among languages , can be exactly studied . This analysis discloses the existence of a bistability region , where dominance coexists with homogeneity as possible asymptotic states . Numerical resolution of the differential system validates these findings .
0711.1366	physics.gen-ph	A model of quantum-like decision-making with applications to psychology and cognitive science	We consider the following model of decision-making by cognitive systems . We present an algorithm -- quantum-like representation algorithm ( QLRA ) -- which provides a possibility to represent probabilistic data of any origin by complex probability amplitudes . Our conjecture is that cognitive systems developed the ability to use QLRA . They operate with complex probability amplitudes , mental wave functions . Since the mathematical formalism of QM describes as well ( under some generalization ) processing of such quantum-like ( QL ) mental states , the conventional quantum decision-making scheme can be used by the brain . We consider a modification of this scheme to describe decision-making in the presence of two `` incompatible '' mental variables . Such a QL decision-making can be used in situations like Prisoners Dilemma ( PD ) as well as others corresponding to so called disjunction effect in psychology and cognitive science .
0711.1367	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph	Femtosecond induced transparency and absorption in the extreme ultraviolet by coherent coupling of the He 2s2p ( 1P0 ) and 2p2 ( 1Se ) double excitation states with 800 nm light	Femtosecond high-order harmonic transient absorption spectroscopy is used to observe electromagnetically induced transparency-like behavior as well as induced absorption in the extreme ultraviolet by laser dressing of the He 2s2p ( 1Po ) and 2p2 ( 1Se ) double excitation states with an intense 800 nm field . Probing in the vicinity of the 1s2 \to 2s2p transition at 60.15 eV reveals the formation of an Autler-Townes doublet due to coherent coupling of the double excitation states . Qualitative agreement with the experimental spectra is obtained only when optical field ionization of both double excitation states into the N = 2 continuum is included in the theoretical model . Because the Fano q-parameter of the unperturbed probe transition is finite , the laser-dressed He atom exhibits both enhanced transparency and absorption at negative and positive probe energy detunings , respectively .
0711.1403	physics.optics	Slow light with flat or offset band edges in multi-mode fiber with two gratings	We consider mode coupling in multimode optical fibers using either two Bragg gratings or a Bragg grating and a long-period grating . We show that the magnitude of the band edge curvature can be controlled leading to a flat , quartic band-edge or to two band edges at distinct , nonequivalent $ k $ -values , allowing precise control of slow light propagation .
