0709.2206	physics.plasm-ph	Strong collisionless damping of the low-velocity branch of electromagnetic wave in plasmas with Maxwellian-like electron velocity distribution function	After approximate replacing of Maxwellian distribution exponent with the rational polynomial fraction we have obtained precise analytical expression for and calculated the principal value of logarithmically divergent integral in the electron wave dispersion equation . At the same time our calculations have shown the presence of strong collisionless damping of the electromagnetic low-velocity ( electron ) wave in plasmas with Maxwellian-like electron velocity distribution function at some small , of the order of several per cents , differences from Maxwellian distribution in the main region of large electron densities , however due to the differences in the distribution tail , where electron density itself is negligibly small .
0709.2226	physics.optics physics.ins-det	Discovery of Bragg confined hybrid modes with high Q-factor in a hollow dielectric resonator	The authors report on observation of Bragg confined mode in a hollow cylindrical dielectric cavity . A resonance was observed at 13.4 $ GHz $ with an unloaded Q-factor of order $ 2\times10^5 $ , which is more than a factor of 6 above the dielectric loss limit . Previously such modes have only been realized from pure Transverse Electric modes with no azimuthal variations and only the $ E_ { \phi } $ component . From rigorous numeric simulations it is shown that the mode is a hybrid mode with non-zero azimuthal variations and with dominant $ E_r $ and $ E_ { \phi } $ electric field components and $ H_z $ magnetic field component .
0709.2234	physics.optics nlin.PS	Soliton percolation in random optical lattices	We introduce soliton percolation phenomena in the nonlinear transport of light packets in suitable optical lattices with random properties . Specifically , we address lattices with a gradient of the refractive index in the transverse plane , featuring stochastic phase or amplitude fluctuations , and we discover the existence of a disorder-induced transition between soliton-insu-lator and soliton-conductor regimes . The soliton current is found to reach its maximal value at intermediate disorder levels and to drastically decrease in both , almost regular and strongly disordered lattices .
0709.2238	physics.ed-ph	Quaternionen and Geometric Algebra ( Quaternionen und Geometrische Algebra )	In the last one and a half centuries , the analysis of quaternions has not only led to further developments in mathematics but has also been and remains an important catalyst for the further development of theories in physics . At the same time , Hestenes geometric algebra provides a didactically promising instrument to model phenomena in physics mathematically and in a tangible manner . Quaternions particularly have a catchy interpretation in the context of geometric algebra which can be used didactically . The relation between quaternions and geometric algebra is presented with a view to analysing its didactical possibilities .
0709.2241	physics.class-ph	Influence of particle shape on shear stress in granular media	We analyze the contact and force networks in a dense confined packing of pentagonal particles simulated by means of the contact dynamics method . The particle shape effect is evidenced by comparing the data from pentagon packing and from a packing with identical characteristics except for the circular shape of the particles . A surprising observation is that the pentagon packing develops a lower structural anisotropy than the disk packing . We show in this work that this weakness is compensated by a higher force anisotropy that leads to enhanced shear strength of the pentagon packing . With the polygonal shape of the particles , the strong force chains are mostly composed of edge-to-edge contacts with a marked zig-zag aspect .
0709.2248	physics.acc-ph physics.gen-ph	Update on Ion Studies	The effect of ions has received one of the highest priorities in R & D for the damping rings of the International Linear Collider ( ILC ) . It is detrimental to the performance of the electron damping ring . In this note , an update concerning the ion studies for the ILC damping ring is given . We investigate the gap role and irregular fill pattern in the ring.The ion density reduction in different fills is calculated analytically . Simulation results are also presented .
0709.2254	physics.acc-ph	High Resolution Cavity BPM for ILC Final Focal System ( IP-BPM )	IP-BPM ( Interaction Point Beam Position Monitor ) is an ultra high resolution cavity BPM to be used at ATF2 , a test facility for ILC final focus system . Control of beam position in 2 nm precision is required for ATF2 . Beam tests at ATF extraction line proved a 8.7 nm position resolution .
0709.2266	physics.gen-ph	Lorentz transformation directly from the invariance of the speed of light via the addition law of parallel speeds	We show that starting with the addition law of parallel speeds derived as a consequence of the invariance of the speed of light , the Lorentz transformations for the space-time coordinates can be derived .
0709.2278	physics.optics	Observation of Goos-H\ '' { a } nchen shifts in metallic reflection	We report the first observation of the Goos-H $ \rm \ddot { \textbf { a } } $ nchen shift of a light beam incident on a metal surface . This phenomenon is particularly interesting because the Goos-H $ \rm \ddot { \textbf { a } } $ nchen shift for $ p $ polarized light in metals is negative and much bigger than the positive shift for $ s $ polarized light . The experimental result for the measured shifts as a function of the angle of incidence is in excellent agreement with theoretical predictions . In an energy-flux interpretation , our measurement shows the existence of a backward energy flow at the bare metal surface when this is excited by a $ p $ polarized beam of light .
0709.2372	physics.class-ph physics.gen-ph physics.optics	Sub-luminal wave bullets : Exact Localized subluminal Solutions to the Wave Equations	In this work it is shown how to obtain , in a simple way , localized ( non- diffractive ) subluminal pulses as exact analytic solutions to the wave equations . These new ideal subluminal solutions , which propagate without distortion in any homogeneous linear media , are herein obtained for arbitrarily chosen frequencies and bandwidths , avoiding in particular any recourse to the non-causal components so frequently plaguing the previously known localized waves . The new solutions are suitable superpositions of -- zeroth-order , in general -- Bessel beams , which can be performed either by integrating with respect to ( w.r.t . ) the angular frequency , or by integrating w.r.t . the longitudinal wavenumber : Both methods are expounded in this paper . The first one appears to be powerful enough ; we study the second method as well , however , since it allows dealing even with the limiting case of zero-speed solutions ( and furnishes a new way , in terms of continuous spectra , for obtaining the so-called `` Frozen Waves '' , so promising also from the point of view of applications ) . We briefly treat the case , moreover , of non-axially symmetric solutions , in terms of higher order Bessel beams . At last , particular attention is paid to the role of Special Relativity , and to the fact that the localized waves are expected to be transformed one into the other by suitable Lorentz Transformations . The analogous pulses with intrinsic finite energy , or merely truncated , will be constructed in another paper . In this work we fix our attention especially on electromagnetism and optics : but results of the present kind are valid whenever an essential role is played by a wave-equation ( like in acoustics , seismology , geophysics , gravitation , elementary particle physics , etc . )
0709.2391	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph	Potential for ultrafast dynamic chemical imaging with few-cycle infrared lasers	We studied the photoelectron spectra generated by an intense few-cycle infrared laser pulse . By focusing on the angular distributions of the back rescattered high energy photoelectrons , we show that accurate differential elastic scattering cross sections of the target ion by free electrons can be extracted . Since the incident direction and the energy of the free electrons can be easily changed by manipulating the laser 's polarization , intensity , and wavelength , these extracted elastic scattering cross sections , in combination with more advanced inversion algorithms , may be used to reconstruct the effective single-scattering potential of the molecule , thus opening up the possibility of using few-cycle infrared lasers as powerful table-top tools for imaging chemical and biological transformations , with the desired unprecedented temporal and spatial resolutions .
0709.2394	physics.gen-ph	Exceptional Lie Groups , E-infinity Theory and Higgs Boson	In this paper , we study the correlation between the exceptional lie groups and El-Naschie 's transfinite E-infinity spacetime theory . Subsequently this is used to calculate the number of elementary particles in the standard model , mass of the Higgs boson and some coupling constants .
