0704.0487	physics.gen-ph	Scalar potential model progress	Because observations of galaxies and clusters have been found inconsistent with General Relativity ( GR ) , the focus of effort in developing a Scalar Potential Model ( SPM ) has been on the examination of galaxies and clusters . The SPM has been found to be consistent with cluster cellular structure , the flow of IGM from spiral galaxies to elliptical galaxies , intergalactic redshift without an expanding universe , discrete redshift , rotation curve ( RC ) data without dark matter , asymmetric RCs , galaxy central mass , galaxy central velocity dispersion , and the Pioneer Anomaly . In addition , the SPM suggests a model of past expansion , past contraction , and current expansion of the universe . GR corresponds to the SPM in the limit in which the effect of the Sources and Sinks approximate a flat scalar potential field such as between clusters and on the solar system scale , which is small relative to the distance to a Source .
0704.0551	physics.soc-ph	The Genetic Programming Collaboration Network and its Communities	Useful information about scientific collaboration structures and patterns can be inferred from computer databases of published papers . The genetic programming bibliography is the most complete reference of papers on GP\ @ . In addition to locating publications , it contains coauthor and coeditor relationships from which a more complete picture of the field emerges . We treat these relationships as undirected small world graphs whose study reveals the community structure of the GP collaborative social network . Automatic analysis discovers new communities and highlights new facets of them . The investigation reveals many similarities between GP and coauthorship networks in other scientific fields but also some subtle differences such as a smaller central network component and a high clustering .
0704.0556	physics.comp-ph physics.chem-ph	Effective conservation of energy and momentum algorithm using switching potentials suitable for molecular dynamics simulation of thermodynamical systems	During a crossover via a switching mechanism from one 2-body potential to another as might be applied in modeling ( chemical ) reactions in the vicinity of bond formation , energy violations would occur due to finite step size which determines the trajectory of the particles relative to the potential interactions of the unbonded state by numerical ( e.g . Verlet ) integration . This problem is overcome by an algorithm which preserves the coordinates of the system for each move , but corrects for energy discrepancies by ensuring both energy and momentum conservation in the dynamics . The algorithm is tested for a hysteresis loop reaction model with an without the implementation of the algorithm . The tests involve checking the rate of energy flow out of the MD simulation box ; in the equilibrium state , no net rate of flows within experimental error should be observed . The temperature and pressure of the box should also be invariant within the range of fluctuation of these quantities . It is demonstrated that the algorithm satisfies these criteria .
0704.0560	physics.atom-ph physics.gen-ph	Laser spectroscopy of hyperfine structure in highly-charged ions : a test of QED at high fields	An overview is presented of laser spectroscopy experiments with cold , trapped , highly-charged ions , which will be performed at the HITRAP facility at GSI in Darmstadt ( Germany ) . These high-resolution measurements of ground state hyperfine splittings will be three orders of magnitude more precise than previous measurements . Moreover , from a comparison of measurements of the hyperfine splittings in hydrogen- and lithium-like ions of the same isotope , QED effects at high electromagnetic fields can be determined within a few percent . Several candidate ions suited for these laser spectroscopy studies are presented .
0704.0562	physics.optics	Frequency modulation Fourier transform spectroscopy	A new method , FM-FTS , combining Frequency Modulation heterodyne laser spectroscopy and Fourier Transform Spectroscopy is presented . It provides simultaneous sensitive measurement of absorption and dispersion profiles with broadband spectral coverage capabilities . Experimental demonstration is made on the overtone spectrum of C2H2 in the 1.5 $ \mu $ m region .
0704.0563	physics.gen-ph	Universe Without Singularities . A Group Approach to De Sitter Cosmology	In the last years the traditional scenario of Big Bang has been deeply modified by the study of the quantum features of the Universe evolution , proposing again the problem of using local physical laws on cosmic scale , with particular regard to the cosmological constant role . The group extention method shows that the De Sitter group univocally generalizes the Poincare group , formally justifies the cosmological constant use and suggests a new interpretation for Hartle-Hawking boundary conditions in Quantum Cosmology .
0704.0575	physics.class-ph	A non-perturbative proof of Bertrand 's theorem	We discuss an alternative non-perturbative proof of Bertrand 's theorem that leads in a concise way directly to the two allowed fields : the newtonian and the isotropic harmonic oscillator central fields .
0704.0598	physics.gen-ph q-bio.PE	Evolutionary Neural Gas ( ENG ) : A Model of Self Organizing Network from Input Categorization	Despite their claimed biological plausibility , most self organizing networks have strict topological constraints and consequently they can not take into account a wide range of external stimuli . Furthermore their evolution is conditioned by deterministic laws which often are not correlated with the structural parameters and the global status of the network , as it should happen in a real biological system . In nature the environmental inputs are noise affected and fuzzy . Which thing sets the problem to investigate the possibility of emergent behaviour in a not strictly constrained net and subjected to different inputs . It is here presented a new model of Evolutionary Neural Gas ( ENG ) with any topological constraints , trained by probabilistic laws depending on the local distortion errors and the network dimension . The network is considered as a population of nodes that coexist in an ecosystem sharing local and global resources . Those particular features allow the network to quickly adapt to the environment , according to its dimensions . The ENG model analysis shows that the net evolves as a scale-free graph , and justifies in a deeply physical sense- the term gas here used .
0704.0610	physics.optics cond-mat.soft nlin.PS physics.flu-dyn	Shocks in nonlocal media	We investigate the formation of collisionless shocks along the spatial profile of a gaussian laser beam propagating in nonlocal nonlinear media . For defocusing nonlinearity the shock survives the smoothing effect of the nonlocal response , though its dynamics is qualitatively affected by the latter , whereas for focusing nonlinearity it dominates over filamentation . The patterns observed in a thermal defocusing medium are interpreted in the framework of our theory .
0704.0611	physics.comp-ph physics.data-an	Modeling the field of laser welding melt pool by RBFNN	Efficient control of a laser welding process requires the reliable prediction of process behavior . A statistical method of field modeling , based on normalized RBFNN , can be successfully used to predict the spatiotemporal dynamics of surface optical activity in the laser welding process . In this article we demonstrate how to optimize RBFNN to maximize prediction quality . Special attention is paid to the structure of sample vectors , which represent the bridge between the field distributions in the past and future .
