0710.4631	physics.gen-ph	The nature of light in an expanding universe	In this paper , we prove the existence of two degrees of freedom that govern the movement of light in an expanding universe . The use of the fractal manifold model leads to reciprocal causality between variation of geometry and gravity , which both play a complementary role in the universe architecture . This study unravels new facts about the distribution of matter in the universe , and provides a new interpretation of Dark Matter and Dark Energy .
0710.4676	physics.atom-ph	Many-body calculations of relativistic energy shifts for single- and double-valence atoms	Relativistic Hartree-Fock method together with many-body perturbation theory and configuration interaction techniques are used to calculate relativistic energy shifts for frequencies of the strong electric dipole transitions of C III , C IV , Na I , Mg I , Mg II , Al II , Al III , Si IV , Ca II and Zn II . These transitions are used for search of the variation of the fine structure constant in quasar absorption spectra . The results are in good agreement with previous calculations . The analysis of Breit contributions is also presented .
0710.4741	physics.flu-dyn physics.class-ph	Measurement of the spatio-temporal distribution of harmonic and transient eddy currents in a liquid metal	Harmonic and transient eddy currents in a liquid metal positioned above an excitation coil are determined by measuring the voltage drop in a simple potential probe . The resulting spatio-temporal eddy current field is compared with the corresponding analytical expressions for a conducting half-space . Further , a deformation of the eddy current distribution due to a non-conducting torus immersed into the liquid metal is measured and compared with numerical results . The method can be generalized to arbitrary geometries , and might help to validate numerical models for non-destructive testing and magnetic inductance tomography .
0710.4744	physics.plasm-ph physics.class-ph	Magnetohydrodynamics In The Context Of Nelson 's Stochastic Mechanics	A simple generalization of the MHD model accounting for the fluctuations of the configurations due to kinetic effects in plasmas in short times small scales is considered . The velocity of conductive fluid and the magnetic field are considerd as the stochastic fields ( or random trial trajectories ) for which the classical MHD equations play the role of the mean field equations in the spirit of stochastic mechanics of E. Nelson .
0710.4772	physics.acc-ph physics.optics	One-dimensional Model of a Gamma Klystron	A new scheme for amplification of coherent gamma rays is proposed . The key elements are crystalline undulators - single crystals with periodically bent crystallographic planes exposed to a high energy beam of charged particles undergoing channeling inside the crystals . The scheme consists of two such crystals separated by a vacuum gap . The beam passes the crystals successively . The particles perform undulator motion inside the crystals following the periodic shape of the crystallographic planes . Gamma rays passing the crystals parallel to the beam get amplified due to interaction with the particles inside the crystals . The term `gamma klystron ' is proposed for the scheme because its operational principles are similar to those of the optical klystron . A more simple one-crystal scheme is considered as well for the sake of comparison . It is shown that the gamma ray amplification in the klystron scheme can be reached at considerably lower particle densities than in the one-crystal scheme , provided that the gap between the crystals is sufficiently large .
0710.4804	physics.optics	Singular polarimetry : Evolution of polarization singularities in electromagnetic waves propagating through a weakly anisotropic medium	We describe the evolution of a paraxial electromagnetic wave characterizing by a non-uniform polarization distribution with singularities and propagating in a weakly anisotropic medium . Our approach is based on the Stokes vector evolution equation applied to a non-uniform initial polarization field . In the case of a homogeneous medium , this equation is integrated analytically . This yields a 3-dimensional distribution of the polarization parameters containing singularities , i.e . C-lines of circular polarization and L-surfaces of linear polarization . The general theory is applied to specific examples of the unfolding of a vectorial vortex in birefringent and dichroic media .
0710.4849	physics.plasm-ph physics.acc-ph	Laser-to-proton energy transfer efficiency in laser-plasma interactions	It is shown that the energy of protons accelerated in laser-matter interaction experiments may be significantly increased through the process of splitting the incoming laser pulse into multiple interaction stages of equal intensity . From a thermodynamic point of view , the splitting procedure can be viewed as an effective way of increasing the efficiency of energy transfer from the laser light to protons , which peaks for processes having the least amount of entropy gain . It is predicted that it should be possible to achieve $ \apprge 100 % $ increase in the energy efficiency in a six-stage laser proton accelerator compared to a single laser-target interaction scheme .
0710.4857	physics.atom-ph physics.ins-det	Scintillation light produced by low-energy beams of highly-charged ions	Measurements have been performed of scintillation light intensities emitted from various inorganic scintillators irradiated with low-energy beams of highly-charged ions from an electron beam ion source ( EBIS ) and an electron cyclotron resonance ion source ( ECRIS ) . Beams of xenon ions Xe $ ^ { q+ } $ with various charge states between $ q $ =2 and $ q $ =18 have been used at energies between 5 keV and 17.5 keV per charge generated by the ECRIS . The intensity of the beam was typically varied between 1 and 100 nA . Beams of highly charged residual gas ions have been produced by the EBIS at 4.5 keV per charge and with low intensities down to 100 pA . The scintillator materials used are flat screens of P46 YAG and P43 phosphor . In all cases , scintillation light emitted from the screen surface was detected by a CCD camera . The scintillation light intensity has been found to depend linearly on the kinetic ion energy per time deposited into the scintillator , while up to $ q $ =18 no significant contribution from the ions ' potential energy was found . We discuss the results on the background of a possible use as beam diagnostics e.g . for the new HITRAP facility at GSI , Germany .
0710.4867	physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Bi-clique Communities	We present a novel method for detecting communities in bipartite networks . Based on an extension of the $ k $ -clique community detection algorithm , we demonstrate how modular structure in bipartite networks presents itself as overlapping bicliques . If bipartite information is available , the bi-clique community detection algorithm retains all of the advantages of the $ k $ -clique algorithm , but avoids discarding important structural information when performing a one-mode projection of the network . Further , the bi-clique community detection algorithm provides a new level of flexibility by incorporating independent clique thresholds for each of the non-overlapping node sets in the bipartite network .
0710.4873	physics.gen-ph	The shadow of light : evidences of photon behaviour contradicting known electrodynamics	We report the results of a double-slit-like experiment in the infrared range , which evidence an anomalous behaviour of photon systems under particular ( energy and space ) constraints . The statistical analysis of these outcomes ( independently confirmed by crossing photon beam experiments in both the optical and the microwave range ) shows a significant departure from the predictions of both classical and quantum electrodynamics .
0710.4892	physics.chem-ph	Collisional Quenching at Ultralow Energies : Controlling Efficiency with Internal State Selection	Calculations have been carried out for the vibrational quenching of excited H $ _2 $ molecules which collide with Li $ ^+ $ ions at ultralow energies . The dynamics has been treated exactly using the well known quantum coupled-channel expansions over different initial vibrational levels . The overall interaction potential has been obtained from the calculations carried out earlier in our group using highly correlated ab initio methods . The results indicate that specific features of the scattering observables , e.g . the appearance of Ramsauer-Townsend minima in elastic channel cross sections and the marked increase of the cooling rates from specific initial states , can be linked to potential properties at vanishing energies ( sign and size of scattering lengths ) and to the presence of either virtual states or bound states . The suggestion is made that by selecting the initial state preparation of the molecular partners , the ionic interactions would be amenable to controlling quenching efficiency at ultralow energies .
0710.4896	physics.comp-ph	LAW : A Tool for Improved Productivity with High-Performance Linear Algebra Codes . Design and Applications	LAPACK and ScaLAPACK are arguably the defacto standard libraries among the scientific community for solving linear algebra problems on sequential , shared-memory and distributed-memory architectures . While ease of use was a major design goal for the ScaLAPACK project ; with respect to its predecessor LAPACK ; it is still a non-trivial exercise to develop a new code or modify an existing LAPACK code to exploit processor grids , distributed-array descriptors and the associated distributed-memory ScaLAPACK/PBLAS routines . In this paper , we introduce what we believe will be an invaluable development tool for the scientific code developer , which exploits ad-hoc polymorphism , derived-types , optional arguments , overloaded operators and conditional compilation in Fortran 95 , to provide wrappers to a subset of common linear algebra kernels . These wrappers are introduced to facilitate the abstraction of low-level details which are irrelevant to the science being performed , such as target platform and execution model . By exploiting this high-level library interface , only a single code source is required with mapping onto a diverse range of execution models performed at link-time with no user modification . We conclude with a case study whereby we describe application of the LAW library in the implementation of the well-known Chebyshev Matrix Exponentiation algorithm for Hermitian matrices .
0710.4899	physics.plasm-ph	Derivation via free energy conservation constraints of gyrofluid equations with finite-gyroradius electromagnetic nonlinearities	The derivation of electromagnetic gyrofluid equations is made systematic by using the Hermite polynomial form of the underlying delta-f gyrokinetic distribution function . The gyrokinetic free-energy functional is explicitly used to set up the model . The gyrofluid free energy follows directly . The interaction term in the gyrokinetic Lagrangian is used to obtain the gyrofluid counterpart , from which the polarisation equation follows . One closure rule is decided for taking moments over the kinetic gyroaveraging operator . These steps fix the rest of the derivation of the conservative part of the gyrofluid equations . Dissipation is then added in a form to obtain positive definite dissipation and to obtain the collisional fluid equations in their appropriate limit . Existing results are recovered , with the addition of a completely consistent model for finite gyroradius effects in the nonlinearities responsible for magnetic reconnection .
0710.4904	physics.chem-ph	Density Functional Theory for the Photoionization Dynamics of Uracil	Photoionization dynamics of the RNA base Uracil is studied in the framework of Density Functional Theory ( DFT ) . The photoionization calculations take advantage of a newly developed parallel version of a multicentric approach to the calculation of the electronic continuum spectrum which uses a set of B-spline radial basis functions and a Kohn-Sham density functional hamiltonian . Both valence and core ionizations are considered . Scattering resonances in selected single-particle ionization channels are classified by the symmetry of the resonant state and the peak energy position in the photoelectron kinetic energy scale ; the present results highlight once more the site specificity of core ionization processes . We further suggest that the resonant structures previously characterized in low-energy electron collision experiments are partly shifted below threshold by the photoionization processes . A critical evaluation of the theoretical results providing a guide for future experimental work on similar biosystems .
0710.4910	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech	Generic Absorbing Transition in Coevolution Dynamics	We study a coevolution voter model on a network that evolves according to the state of the nodes . In a single update , a link between opposite-state nodes is rewired with probability $ p $ , while with probability $ 1-p $ one of the nodes takes its neighbor 's state . A mean-field approximation reveals an absorbing transition from an active to a frozen phase at a critical value $ p_c=\frac { \mu-2 } { \mu-1 } $ that only depends on the average degree $ \mu $ of the network . The approach to the final state is characterized by a time scale that diverges at the critical point as $ \tau \sim |p_c-p|^ { -1 } $ . We find that the active and frozen phases correspond to a connected and a fragmented network respectively . We show that the transition in finite-size systems can be seen as the sudden change in the trajectory of an equivalent random walk at the critical rewiring rate $ p_c $ , highlighting the fact that the mechanism behind the transition is a competition between the rates at which the network and the state of the nodes evolve .
0710.4916	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech	Impact of interactions on human dynamics	Queueing theory has been recently proposed as a framework to model the heavy tailed statistics of human activity patterns . The main predictions are the existence of a power-law distribution for the interevent time of human actions and two decay exponents $ \alpha=1 $ and $ \alpha=3/2 $ . Current models lack , however , a key aspect of human dynamics , i.e . several tasks require , or are determined by , interactions between individuals . Here we introduce a minimal queueing model of human dynamics that already takes into account human-human interactions . To achieve large scale simulations we obtain a coarse-grained version of the model , allowing us to reach large interevent times and reliable scaling exponents estimations . Using this we show that the interevent distribution of interacting tasks exhibit the scaling exponents $ \alpha=2 $ , 3/2 and a series of numerable values between 3/2 and 1 . This work demonstrates that , within the context of queueing models of human dynamics , interactions change the exponent of the power-law distributed interevent times . Beyond the study of human dynamics , these results are relevant to systems where the event of interest consists of the simultaneous occurrence of two ( or more ) events .
0710.4979	physics.optics	High power radially polarized light generated from photonic crystal segmented half-wave-plate	We have generated more than 100 watts of radial polarized beam from a Yb fiber laser using a photonics crystal segmented half-wave-plate . We demonstrated the high power handling capability of such a photonics crystal segmented half-wave-plate and show that it is a promising external radial polarization converter for high power Yb fiber laser used in laser cutting industry .
