0708.1584	physics.class-ph physics.gen-ph	Physics of Non-Inertial Reference Frames	Physics of non-inertial reference frames is a generalizing of Newton 's laws to any reference frames . The first , Law of Kinematic in non-inertial reference frames reads : the kinematic state of a body free of forces conserves and determinates a constant n-th order derivative with respect to time being equal in absolute value to an invariant of the observer 's reference frame . The second , Law of Dynamic extended Newton 's second law to non-inertial reference frames and also contains additional variables there are higher derivatives of coordinates . Dynamics Law in non-inertial reference frames reads : a force induces a change in the kinematic state of the body and is proportional to the rate of its change . It is mean that if the kinematic invariant of the reference frame is n-th derivative with respect the time , then the dynamics of a body being affected by the force F is described by the ( n+1 ) -th differential equation . The third , Law of Static in non-inertial reference frames reads : the sum of all forces acting a body at rest is equal to zero .
0708.1626	physics.gen-ph	Thermodynamic Entropy And The Accessible States of Some Simple Systems	Comparison of the thermodynamic entropy with Boltzmann 's principle shows that under conditions of constant volume the total number of arrangements in simple thermodynamic systems with temperature-independent heat capacities is TC/k . A physical interpretation of this function is given for three such systems ; an ideal monatomic gas , an ideal gas of diatomic molecules with rotational motion , and a solid in the Dulong-Petit limit of high temperature . T1/2 emerges as a natural measure of the number of accessible states for a single particle in one dimension . Extension to N particles in three dimensions leads to TC/k as the total number of possible arrangements or microstates . The different microstates of the system are thus shown a posteriori to be equally probable , with probability T-C/k , which implies that for the purposes of counting states the particles of the gas are distinguishable . The most probable energy state of the system is determined by the degeneracy of the microstates .
0708.1638	physics.optics	Electrically controlled Bragg resonances of an ambichiral electro-optic structure : oblique incidence	The Pockels effect can increase the effective birefringence of ambichiral , electro -- optic rejection filters made of materials with a $ \bar { 4 } 2m $ point group symmetry , when a dc electric field is applied parallel to the axis of nonhomogeneity . The reflectances and the transmittances of such an ambichiral structure for obliquely incident plane waves is solvable through a boundary-value problem that is formulated using the frequency-domain Maxwell equations , the constitutive equations that contain the Pockels effect , and standard algebraic techniques for handling 4x4 matrix ordinary differential equations . The Bragg resonance peaks , for different circular-polarized-incidence conditions , blueshift as the angle of incidence increases . These blueshifts are unaffected by the sign of the dc electric field .
