0709.3675	physics.bio-ph cond-mat.stat-mech q-bio.SC	Length control of microtubules by depolymerizing motor proteins	In many intracellular processes , the length distribution of microtubules is controlled by depolymerizing motor proteins . Experiments have shown that , following non-specific binding to the surface of a microtubule , depolymerizers are transported to the microtubule tip ( s ) by diffusion or directed walk and , then , depolymerize the microtubule from the tip ( s ) after accumulating there . We develop a quantitative model to study the depolymerizing action of such a generic motor protein , and its possible effects on the length distribution of microtubules . We show that , when the motor protein concentration in solution exceeds a critical value , a steady state is reached where the length distribution is , in general , non-monotonic with a single peak . However , for highly processive motors and large motor densities , this distribution effectively becomes an exponential decay . Our findings suggest that such motor proteins may be selectively used by the cell to ensure precise control of MT lengths . The model is also used to analyze experimental observations of motor-induced depolymerization .
0709.3683	physics.med-ph physics.data-an	Comparative study of nonlinear properties of EEG signals of a normal person and an epileptic patient	Background : Investigation of the functioning of the brain in living systems has been a major effort amongst scientists and medical practitioners . Amongst the various disorder of the brain , epilepsy has drawn the most attention because this disorder can affect the quality of life of a person . In this paper we have reinvestigated the EEGs for normal and epileptic patients using surrogate analysis , probability distribution function and Hurst exponent . Results : Using random shuffled surrogate analysis , we have obtained some of the nonlinear features that was obtained by Andrzejak \textit { et al . } [ Phys Rev E 2001 , 64:061907 ] , for the epileptic patients during seizure . Probability distribution function shows that the activity of an epileptic brain is nongaussian in nature . Hurst exponent has been shown to be useful to characterize a normal and an epileptic brain and it shows that the epileptic brain is long term anticorrelated whereas , the normal brain is more or less stochastic . Among all the techniques , used here , Hurst exponent is found very useful for characterization different cases . Conclusions : In this article , differences in characteristics for normal subjects with eyes open and closed , epileptic subjects during seizure and seizure free intervals have been shown mainly using Hurst exponent . The H shows that the brain activity of a normal man is uncorrelated in nature whereas , epileptic brain activity shows long range anticorrelation .
0709.3690	physics.gen-ph	Pioneer anomaly : a drift in the proper time of the spacecraft	A relativistic theory is proposed to explain the anomalous accelerations of Pioneer 10/11 , Galileo and Ulysses spacecrafts . The theory points out at the limitations of the weak field approximation and proposes a drift in the proper time of the spacecraft outside the framework of general relativity . The theory yields a very accurate and precise value for the anomalous acceleration . In this theory the proper time of a body is associated with the gravitational frequency shift of the constituent fundamental particles of the body . The frequency shift changes the energy level of the body which gets reflected in its relativistic mass and therefore in its motion . This change in energy level causes the time like geodesics to deviate from that of the standard theoretical models . We introduce proper time in the line element of a metric theory according to a fixed set of rules laid down by general relativity for introducing deviation in the flat Minkowski metric . The frequency shift for bodies of different composition traversing different trajectories however , is not the same and this gets reflected in its motion as an unmodeled anomalous effect . This association of proper time with the gravitational frequency shift of the body requires the flat Minkowski metric to deviate in different ways for different two body systems . The solution to Pioneer anomaly given here yields anomalous acceleration within the limits of observational accuracy . Gravitational redshift of light , bending of light and perihelic precession of planets are within the permissible limits . The theory shows that Einstein's field equations do provide some clue to the Pioneer anomaly but the solution is not very accurate . The theory can also explain the rotation curves of the spiral galaxies .
0709.3691	physics.optics	Negative reflection in a Faraday chiral medium	The four wavenumbers associated with planewave propagation in a Faraday chiral medium ( FCM ) with relatively huge magnetoelectric coupling give rise to enhanced possibilities for negative-phase-velocity propagation and therefore negative refraction . They can also give rise to the phenomenon of negative reflection . In particular , for a nondissipative example , we deduced that an incident plane wave with positive/negative phase velocity can result in a negatively reflected plane wave with negative/positive phase velocity , as well as a positively reflected plane wave with positive/negative phase velocity .
0709.3696	physics.acc-ph	DAFNE Status and Upgrade Plans	The Frascati Phi-factory DAFNE has successfully completed experimental runs for the three main detectors , KLOE , FINUDA and DEAR . The best peak luminosity achieved so far is 1.6x10^32 cm-2s-1 , while the best daily integrated luminosity is 10 pb-1 . At present the DAFNE team is preparing an upgrade of the collider based on the novel crab waist collision scheme . The upgrade is aimed at pushing the luminosity towards 10^33 cm-2s-1 . In this paper we describe present collider performance and discuss ongoing preparatory work for the upgrade .
0709.3725	physics.ao-ph physics.comp-ph physics.flu-dyn physics.geo-ph	Tsunami generation by dynamic displacement of sea bed due to dip-slip faulting	In classical tsunami-generation techniques , one neglects the dynamic sea bed displacement resulting from fracturing of a seismic fault . The present study takes into account these dynamic effects . Earth 's crust is assumed to be a Kelvin-Voigt material . The seismic source is assumed to be a dislocation in a viscoelastic medium . The fluid motion is described by the classical nonlinear shallow water equations ( NSWE ) with time-dependent bathymetry . The viscoelastodynamic equations are solved by a finite-element method and the NSWE by a finite-volume scheme . A comparison between static and dynamic tsunami-generation approaches is performed . The results of the numerical computations show differences between the two approaches and the dynamic effects could explain the complicated shapes of tsunami wave trains .
0709.3750	physics.ins-det	Design and Implementation of the New D0 Level-1 Calorimeter Trigger	Increasing luminosity at the Fermilab Tevatron collider has led the D0 collaboration to make improvements to its detector beyond those already in place for Run IIa , which began in March 2001 . One of the cornerstones of this Run IIb upgrade is a completely redesigned level-1 calorimeter trigger system . The new system employs novel architecture and algorithms to retain high efficiency for interesting events while substantially increasing rejection of background . We describe the design and implementation of the new level-1 calorimeter trigger hardware and discuss its performance during Run IIb data taking . In addition to strengthening the physics capabilities of D0 , this trigger system will provide valuable insight into the operation of analogous devices to be used at LHC experiments .
0709.3756	physics.ins-det	The Time Response of Glass Resistive Plate Chambers to Heavily Ionizing Particles	The HARP system of resistive plate chambers ( RPCs ) was designed to perform particle identification by the measurement of the difference in the time-of-flight of different particles . In previous papers an apparent discrepancy was shown between the response of the RPCs to minimum ionizing pions and heavily ionizing protons . Using the kinematics of elastic scattering off a hydrogen target a controlled beam of low momentum recoil protons was directed onto the chambers . With this method the trajectory and momentum , and hence the time-of-flight of the protons can be precisely predicted without need for a measurement of momentum of the protons . It is demonstrated that the measurement of the time-of-arrival of particles by the thin gas-gap glass RPC system of the HARP experiment depends on the primary ionization deposited by the particle in the detector .
0709.3812	physics.hist-ph	Pascual Jordan 's resolution of the conundrum of the wave-particle duality of light	In 1909 , Einstein derived a formula for the mean square energy fluctuation in black-body radiation . This formula is the sum of a wave term and a particle term . In a key contribution to the 1925 Dreimaennerarbeit with Born and Heisenberg , Jordan showed that one recovers both terms in a simple model of quantized waves . So the two terms do not require separate mechanisms but arise from a single consistent dynamical framework . Several authors have argued that various infinities invalidate Jordan 's conclusions . In this paper , we defend Jordan 's argument against such criticism . In particular , we note that the fluctuation in a narrow frequency range , which is what Jordan calculated , is perfectly finite . We also note , however , that Jordan 's argument is incomplete . In modern terms , Jordan calculated the quantum uncertainty in the energy of a subsystem in an energy eigenstate of the whole system , whereas the thermal fluctuation is the average of this quantity over an ensemble of such states . Still , our overall conclusion is that Jordan 's argument is basically sound and that he deserves credit for resolving a major conundrum in the development of quantum physics .
0709.3850	physics.chem-ph cond-mat.soft physics.bio-ph	Effect of Salt Concentration on the Electrophoretic Speed of a Polyelectrolyte through a Nanopore	In a previous paper [ S. Ghosal , Phys . Rev . E 74 , 041901 ( 2006 ) ] a hydrodynamic model for determining the electrophoretic speed of a polyelectrolyte through an axially symmetric slowly varying nanopore was presented in the limit of a vanishingly small Debye length . Here the case of a finite Debye layer thickness is considered while restricting the pore geometry to that of a cylinder of length much larger than the diameter . Further , the possibility of a uniform surface charge on the walls of the nanopore is taken into account . It is thereby shown that the calculated transit times are consistent with recent measurements in silicon nanopores .
0709.3858	physics.comp-ph	Noise limits in the assembly of diffraction data	We obtain an information theoretic criterion for the feasibility of assembling diffraction signals from noisy tomographs when the positions of the tomographs within the signal are unknown . For shot-noise limited data , the minimum number of detected photons per tomograph for successful assembly is much smaller than previously believed necessary , growing only logarithmically with the number of resolution elements of the diffracting object . We also demonstrate assembly up to the information theoretic limit with a constraint-based algorithm .
0709.3861	physics.atom-ph	Amplification of High Harmonics Using Weak Perturbative High Frequency Radiation	The mechanism underlying the substantial amplification of the high-order harmonics q \pm 2K ( K integer ) upon the addition of a weak seed XUV field of harmonic frequency q\omega to a strong IR field of frequency \omega is analyzed in the framework of the quantum-mechanical Floquet formalism and the semiclassical re-collision model . According to the Floquet analysis , the high-frequency field induces transitions between several Floquet states and leads to the appearance of new dipole cross terms . The semiclassical re-collision model suggests that the origin of the enhancement lies in the time-dependent modulation of the ground electronic state induced by the XUV field .
