0705.0796	physics.class-ph physics.ins-det	Total Differential Errors in Two-Port Network Analyser Measurements	Since S-parameter measurements without uncertainty can not claim any credibility , the uncertainties in full two-port Vector Network Analyser ( VNA ) measurements were estimated using total complex differentials ( Total Differential Errors ) . To express precisely a comparison relation between complex differential errors , their differential error regions ( DERs ) were used . To demonstrate the method in the most accurate case of a direct zero-length thru , practical results are presented for commonly used Z-parameters of a simple , two-port , DC resistive T-network , which was built and tested against frequency with a VNA measurement system extended by two lengthy transmission lines .
0705.0800	physics.atom-ph astro-ph	Non-uniform convergence of two-photon decay rates for excited atomic states	Two-photon decay rates in simple atoms such as hydrogenlike systems represent rather interesting fundamental problems in atomic physics . The sum of the energies of the two emitted photons has to fulfill an energy conservation condition , the decay takes place via intermediate virtual states , and the total decay rate is obtained after an integration over the energy of one of the emitted photons . Here , we investigate cases with a virtual state having an energy intermediate between the initial and the final state of the decay process , and we show that due to non-uniform convergence , only a careful treatment of the singularities infinitesimally displaced from the photon integration contour leads to consistent and convergent results .
0705.0801	physics.atom-ph	Two-Loop Effects and Current Status of the 4He+ Lamb Shift	We report on recent progress in the treatment of two-loop binding corrections to the Lamb shift , with a special emphasis on S and P states . We use these and other results in order to infer an updated theoretical value of the Lamb shift in 4He+ .
0705.0824	physics.atom-ph	A Microscpoic Model for the Neutron Dynamic Structure Factor of Solid Methane in phase II	We have constructed an approximate microscopic model for the neutron dynamic structure factor of solid methane in phase II . We expect our model to apply for neutron energies below 1\textit { eV } at pressures near 1 bar and temperatures below 20K , where solid methane exists in a phase , called phase II , in which the tetrahedral hydrogens exist in a mixed phase of free rotors and hindered rotors . Certain matrix elements needed for the dynamic structure factor $ S ( Q , \omega ) $ are adapted from a calculation by Ozaki \textit { et al . } \cite { ozaki:3442 } \cite { ozaki2 } . The model treats the effects of molecular translations , intramolecular vibrations and the free and hindered rotational degrees of freedom as uncoupled ones . Total scattering cross sections calculated from the model agree with the cross section measurements of Grieger\cite { grieger:3161 } and Whittemore\cite { Wittemore } for the incident neutron energies of 0.5 \textit { meV } $ \sim $ 1\textit { eV } . The effective density of states extracted from the model was compared with the Harker $ & $ Brugger frequency spectrum extracted from neutron scattering measurements conducted at 22K\cite { HARKER1967 } .
0705.0826	physics.optics	Integrated light in direct excitation and energy transfer luminescence	Integrated light in direct excitation and energy transfer luminescence has been investigated . In the investigations reported here , monomolecular centers were taken into account . It was found that the integrated light is equal to the product of generation rate and time of duration of excitation pulse for both direct excitation and energy transfer luminescence .
0705.0830	physics.optics physics.class-ph	On the refractive index for a nonmagnetic two-component medium : resolution of a controversy	The refractive index of a dielectric medium comprising both passive and inverted components in its permittivity was determined using two methods : ( i ) in the time domain , a finite-difference algorithm to compute the frequency-domain reflectance from reflection data for a pulsed plane wave that is normally incident on a dielectric half-space , and ( ii ) in the frequency domain , the deflection of an obliquely incident Gaussian beam on transmission through a dielectric slab . The dielectric medium was found to be an active medium with a negative real part for its refractive index . Thereby , a recent controversy in the scientific literature was resolved .
0705.0835	physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph	Vibrational Infrared Lifetime of the Anesthetic nitrous oxide gas in solution	The lifetime of the asymmetric fundamental stretching 2218 cm $ ^ { -1 } $ vibration of the anesthetic gas nitrous oxide ( N $ _2 $ O ) dissolved in octanol and olive oil is reported . These solvents are model systems commonly used to assess anesthetic potency . Picosecond time-scale molecular dynamics simulations have suggested that protein dynamics or membrane dynamics play a role in the molecular mechanism of anesthetic action . Ultrafast infrared spectroscopy with 100 fs time resolution is an ideal tool to probe dynamics of anesthetic molecules on such timescales . Pump-probe studies at the peak of the vibrational band yield a lifetime of $ 55 \pm 1 $ ps in olive oil and $ 52 \pm 1 ps $ in octanol . The similarity of lifetimes suggests that energy relaxation of the anesthetic is determined primarily by the hydrophobic nature of the environment , consistent with models of anesthetic action . The results show that nitrous oxide is a good model system for probing anesthetic-solvent interactions using nonlinear infrared spectroscopy .
0705.0838	physics.comp-ph physics.chem-ph	A Bell-Evans-Polanyi principle for molecular dynamics trajectories and its implications for global optimization	The Bell-Evans-Polanyi principle that is valid for a chemical reaction that proceeds along the reaction coordinate over the transition state is extended to molecular dynamics trajectories that in general do not cross the dividing surface between the initial and the final local minima at the exact transition state . Our molecular dynamics Bell-Evans-Polanyi principle states that low energy molecular dynamics trajectories are more likely to lead into the basin of attraction of a low energy local minimum than high energy trajectories . In the context of global optimization schemes based on molecular dynamics our molecular dynamics Bell-Evans-Polanyi principle implies that using low energy trajectories one needs to visit a smaller number of distinguishable local minima before finding the global minimum than when using high energy trajectories .
