0709.4311	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph	Bounds for the second and the third derivatives of the electron density at the nucleus	Lower bound for $ { \bar \rho } '' ( 0 ) $ , the second derivative of the spherically averaged atomic electronic density at the nucleus , and upper bound for $ { \bar \rho } ' '' ( 0 ) $ , the third derivative , are obtained respectively . It is shown that , for the ground state , $ { \bar \rho } '' ( 0 ) \ge { 10/3 } Z^2 \rho ( 0 ) $ and $ { \bar \rho } ' '' ( 0 ) \le - { 14/3 } Z^3 \rho ( 0 ) $ where $ Z $ is the charge of the nucleus , and $ \rho ( 0 ) $ is the electron density at the nucleus . Tighter bounds for $ { \bar \rho } '' ( 0 ) $ and $ { \bar \rho } ' '' ( 0 ) $ are also reported which are valid for both the ground state and excited states . Explicit illustration with the example of one-electron atomic ions is given .
0709.4322	physics.chem-ph	Rich methane laminar flames doped with light unsaturated hydrocarbons . Part II : 1,3butadiene	In line with the study presented in the part I of this paper , the structure of a laminar rich premixed methane flame doped with 1,3-butadiene has been investigated . The flame contains 20.7 % ( molar ) of methane , 31.4 % of oxygen and 3.3 % of 1,3-butadiene , corresponding to an equivalence ratio of 1.8 , and a ratio C4H6 / CH4 of 16 % . The flame has been stabilized on a burner at a pressure of 6.7 kPa using argon as dilutant , with a gas velocity at the burner of 36 cm/s at 333 K. The temperature ranged from 600 K close to the burner up to 2150 K. Quantified species included usual methane C0-C2 combustion products and 1,3-butadiene , but also propyne , allene , propene , propane , 1,2-butadiene , butynes , vinylacetylene , diacetylene , 1,3-pentadiene , 2-methyl-1,3-butadiene ( isoprene ) , 1-pentene , 3-methyl-1-butene , benzene and toluene . In order to model these new results , some improvements have been made to a mechanism previously developed in our laboratory for the reactions of C3-C4 unsaturated hydrocarbons . The main reaction pathways of consumption of 1,3-butadiene and of formation of C6 aromatic species have been derived from flow rate analyses . In this case , the C4 route to benzene formation plays an important role in comparison to the C3 pathway .
0709.4340	physics.chem-ph	Pyrolysis of secondary raw material from used frying oils	A totally green chemistry alternative that would lead both to energy production from renewable feedstocks and to solutions of parts of ecological problems related to waste disposals would be very attractive . Pyrolysis of used frying oils seems to be one option for this attractive alternative as we propose to demonstrate in this study . Since 2002 , the whole production of waste edible oils ( around 100 000 tons per year in France ) must be collected and transformed into secondary raw material by specific companies . The general aim of the present work is to produce one of the following target sources of energy : ( i ) H2 for fuel cells , ( ii ) H2/CO in satisfactory ratios to produce biodiesel by Fischer-Tropsch ( FT ) reaction , or ( iii ) hydrocarbon mixtures with high added value . Therefore , in this work , the conversion of a crude used frying oil , named VEGETAMIXOIL^ ( r ) ; from Ecogras Company ( France ) , was investigated ( weight composition : C 73.6 % ; O 9.7 % ; H 12.2 % ) . In support of our knowledge related to fatty acids and methyl esters , a laboratory pilot plant was built to study the pyrolysis of used frying oils . Effects of temperature ( 700-800 degrees C ) , residence time , addition of reaction initiator ( H2O2 ) or inhibitor ( thiophene ) , and diluent ( water or nitrogen ) were analysed with regard to the nature and amounts of pyrolysis products . Results led to the conclusion that the best operating conditions of pyrolysis are 800 degrees C with water as diluent , leading to the production of dihydrogen ( 40 % ) and hydrocarbons from methane to propylene , essentially . CO and CO2 are also produced but with low molar fractions . Furthermore , a ratio H2/CO favourable for low temperature FT is obtained .
0709.4345	physics.ins-det physics.data-an	Three-frame Algorithm of Car Path Reconstruction from Airborne Traffic Data	The airborne traffic monitoring system forms a novel technology of detecting vehicle motion . An optical digital camera located on an airborne platform produces a series of images which then are processed to recognized the fixed vehicles . In this way the video data are converted into the time sequence of frames containing the vehicle coordinates . In the present work a three-frame algorithm is developed to identify the succeeding vehicle positions . It is based on finding the neighboring points in the frame sequence characterized by minimal acceleration . To verify and optimize the developed algorithm a `` Virtual Road '' simulator was created . Finally available empirical data are analyzed using the created algorithm .
0709.4356	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	City Space Syntax as a Complex Network	The encoding of cities into non-planar dual graphs reveals their complex structure . We investigate the statistics of the typical space syntax measures for the five different compact urban patterns . Universal statistical behavior of space syntax measures uncovers the universality of the city creation mechanism .
0709.4367	physics.bio-ph nlin.AO physics.comp-ph q-bio.NC	Are biological neurons that vicious ? Or only their models ?	This paper has been withdrawn . Its main conclusions have been published in '' On dynamics of integrate-and-fi re neural networks with conductance based synapses '' , arXiv:0709.4370 and http : //www.frontiersin.org/computational_neuroscience/10.3389/neuro.10/002.2008/abstract
0709.4370	physics.bio-ph math.DS nlin.CD q-bio.NC	On Dynamics of Integrate-and-Fire Neural Networks with Conductance Based Synapses	We present a mathematical analysis of a networks with Integrate-and-Fire neurons and adaptive conductances . Taking into account the realistic fact that the spike time is only known within some \textit { finite } precision , we propose a model where spikes are effective at times multiple of a characteristic time scale $ \delta $ , where $ \delta $ can be \textit { arbitrary } small ( in particular , well beyond the numerical precision ) . We make a complete mathematical characterization of the model-dynamics and obtain the following results . The asymptotic dynamics is composed by finitely many stable periodic orbits , whose number and period can be arbitrary large and can diverge in a region of the synaptic weights space , traditionally called the `` edge of chaos '' , a notion mathematically well defined in the present paper . Furthermore , except at the edge of chaos , there is a one-to-one correspondence between the membrane potential trajectories and the raster plot . This shows that the neural code is entirely `` in the spikes '' in this case . As a key tool , we introduce an order parameter , easy to compute numerically , and closely related to a natural notion of entropy , providing a relevant characterization of the computational capabilities of the network . This allows us to compare the computational capabilities of leaky and Integrate-and-Fire models and conductance based models . The present study considers networks with constant input , and without time-dependent plasticity , but the framework has been designed for both extensions .
0709.4371	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech nlin.AO	The Gradient Mechanism in a Communication Network	We study the efficiency of the gradient mechanism of message transfer in a $ 2-d $ communication network of regular nodes and randomly distributed hubs . Each hub on the network is assigned some randomly chosen capacity and hubs with lower capacities are connected to the hubs with maximum capacity . The average travel time of single messages traveling on this lattice , plotted as a function of hub density , shows q-exponential behavior . At high hub densities , this distribution can be fitted well by a power law . We also study the relaxation behavior of the network when a large number of messages are created simultaneously at random locations , and travel on the network towards their designated destinations . For this situation , in the absence of the gradient mechanism , the network can show congestion effects due to the formation of transport traps . We show that if hubs of high betweenness centrality are connected by the gradient mechanism , efficient decongestion can be achieved . The gradient mechanism is less prone to the formation of traps than other decongestion schemes . We also study the spatial configurations of transport traps , and propose minimal strategies for their elimination .
0709.4375	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Scaling and Universality in City Space Syntax : between Zipf and Matthew	We report about universality of rank-integration distributions of open spaces in city space syntax similar to the famous rank-size distributions of cities ( Zipf 's law ) . We also demonstrate that the degree of choice an open space represents for other spaces directly linked to it in a city follows a power law statistic . Universal statistical behavior of space syntax measures uncovers the universality of the city creation mechanism . We suggest that the observed universality may help to establish the international definition of a city as a specific land use pattern .
0709.4389	physics.soc-ph	Simulation of ratio of old to young people in countries like Poland	Countries like Poland with a recent sharp drop in birth rates still have some time to prepare for the problems of an ageing society . Ater the year 2030 they can become increasingly serious .
0709.4401	physics.data-an	Classification of interest rate curves using Self-Organising Maps	The present study deals with the analysis and classification of interest rate curves . Interest rate curves ( IRC ) are the basic financial curves in many different fields of economics and finance . They are extremely important tools in banking and financial risk management problems . Interest rates depend on time and maturity which defines term structure of the interest rate curves . IRC are composed of interest rates at different maturities ( usually fixed number ) which move coherently in time . In the present study machine learning algorithms , namely Self-Organising maps - SOM ( Kohonen maps ) , are used to find clusters and to classify Swiss franc ( CHF ) interest rate curves .
0709.4409	physics.ins-det	Comparison between high-energy proton and charged pion induced damage in Lead Tungstate calorimeter crystals	A Lead Tungstate crystal produced for the electromagnetic calorimeter of the CMS experiment at the LHC was cut into three equal-length sections . The central one was irradiated with 290 MeV/c positive pions up to a fluence of ( 5.67 +- 0.46 ) x10^13 /cm^2 , while the other two were exposed to a 24 GeV/c proton fluence of ( 1.17 +- 0.11 ) x 10^13/ cm^2 . The damage recovery in these crystals , stored in the dark at room temperature , has been followed over two years . The comparison of the radiation-induced changes in light transmission for these crystals shows that damage is proportional to the star densities produced by the irradiation .
0709.4412	physics.flu-dyn	How long will a bubble be ?	A soap bubble is a metastable object that eventually breaks . Indeed , the soapy water film thins until rupture , due to drainage and evaporation . In our experimental investigations , floating bubbles at the surface of a liquid bath have been considered . Their lifetime has been measured and reported with respect to their radius . Large bubbles last longer than small ones . Moreover , small bubbles have more predictable lifetimes than large ones . We propose a general equation for that lifetime , based on the lubrication theory . The evaporation is shown to be an essential process which determines the bubble lifetime .
0709.4415	physics.soc-ph physics.comp-ph	Discovering Important Nodes Through Graph Entropy Encoded in Urban Space Syntax	Potentially influential spaces in the spatial networks of cities can be detected by means of the entropy participation ratios . Local ( connectivity ) and global ( centrality ) entropies are considered . While the connectivity entropy has a tendency to increase with the city size , the centrality entropy is decreasing that reflects the global connectedness of cities . In urban networks , the local and global properties of nodes are positively correlated that indicates the intelligibility of cities . Correlations between entropy participation ratios can be used in purpose of intelligibility measurements and city networks comparisons .
0709.4445	physics.comp-ph	Variation of the bonding interactions and magnetism in GdAuX ( X = Mg , Cd , and In )	Results of first-principles electronic structure calculations for the isotypic compounds GdAuX ( ZrNiAl type , X = Mg , Cd , and In ) are presented . We report on a systematic examination of the electronic structure and nature of the bonding in these intermetallics . Our calculations indicate a metallic state for all of the compounds . We find that the indium in GdAuIn and magnesium in GdAuMg have significant bonding interactions with Au . We have also identified In s lone pair in GdAuIn has more localized behaviour as compared with Mg s in GdAuMg . The magnetic properties are well described within the local density approximation .
0709.4447	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Comparative Study of Cities as Complex Networks	Degree distributions of graph representations for compact urban patterns are scale-dependent . Therefore , the degree statistics alone does not give us the enough information to reach a qualified conclusion on the structure of urban spatial networks . We investigate the statistics of far-away neighbors and propose the new method for automatic structural classification of cities .
0709.4463	physics.optics	XUV digital in-line holography using high-order harmonics	A step towards a successful implementation of timeresolved digital in-line holography with extreme ultraviolet radiation is presented . Ultrashort XUV pulses are produced as high-order harmonics of a femtosecond laser and a Schwarzschild objective is used to focus harmonic radiation at 38 nm and to produce a strongly divergent reference beam for holographic recording . Experimental holograms of thin wires are recorded and the objects reconstructed . Descriptions of the simulation and reconstruction theory and algorithms are also given . Spatial resolution of few hundreds of nm is potentially achievable , and micrometer resolution range is demonstrated .
0709.4468	physics.optics	Waveguiding power of photonic crystal slabs	We consider the waveguiding by thin patterned slabs embedded in a homogeneous medium . In the longwave limit , the wave spectra of slabs are found to be well described by a single frequency-independent parameter , which we call the '' guiding power '' . The guiding power can be evaluated in an effective medium approximation , similar to the Maxwell Garnett theory , but modified for the local field corrections specific to the two-dimensional geometry . The guiding power is different for the transverse magnetic ( TM ) and transverse electric ( TE ) polarizations . We show that the confinement factor of TM waves in a porous layer with high index ratio can exceed that for a homogeneous layer . Similarly enhanced confinement of TM waves is demonstrated for a layer of elongated cylinders or elliptic inclusion with a high axis length ratio . The effect originates from the suppression of local field effects and the increasing internal field in the inclusion . It may be useful in the design of far-infrared or THz quantum cascade lasers .
0709.4473	physics.plasm-ph	Interaction of ultrashort X-ray pulses with B4C , SiC and Si	The interaction of 32.5 and 6 nm ultrashort X-ray pulses with the solid materials B4C , SiC and Si is simulated with a non-local thermodynamic equilibrium ( NLTE ) radiation transfer code . We study the ionization dynamics as function of depth in the material , modifications of the opacity during irradiation and estimate crater depth . Furthermore , we compare the estimated crater depth with experimental data , for fluences up to 2.2 J/cm2 . Our results show that at 32.5 nm irradiation , the opacity changes with less than a factor of 2 for B4C and Si and a factor of 3 for SiC , for fluences up to 200 J/cm2 . At a laser wavelength of 6 nm , the model predicts a dramatic decrease in opacity due to the weak inverse bremsstrahlung , increasing the crater depth for high fluences .
0709.4500	physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Community structure in directed networks	We consider the problem of finding communities or modules in directed networks . The most common approach to this problem in the previous literature has been simply to ignore edge direction and apply methods developed for community discovery in undirected networks , but this approach discards potentially useful information contained in the edge directions . Here we show how the widely used benefit function known as modularity can be generalized in a principled fashion to incorporate the information contained in edge directions . This in turn allows us to find communities by maximizing the modularity over possible divisions of a network , which we do using an algorithm based on the eigenvectors of the corresponding modularity matrix . This method is shown to give demonstrably better results than previous methods on a variety of test networks , both real and computer-generated .
0709.4503	physics.ed-ph	Developing and Researching PhET simulations for Teaching Quantum Mechanics	Quantum mechanics is difficult to learn because it is counterintuitive , hard to visualize , mathematically challenging , and abstract . The Physics Education Technology ( PhET ) Project , known for its interactive computer simulations for teaching and learning physics , now includes 18 simulations on quantum mechanics designed to improve learning of this difficult subject . Our simulations include several key features to help students build mental models and intuitions about quantum mechanics : visual representations of abstract concepts and microscopic processes that can not be directly observed , interactive environments that directly couple students ' actions to animations , connections to everyday life , and efficient calculations so students can focus on the concepts rather than the math . Like all PhET simulations , these are developed using the results of education research and feedback from educators , and are tested in student interviews and classroom studies . This article provides an overview of the PhET quantum simulations and their development . We also describe research demonstrating their effectiveness and share some insights about student thinking that we have gained from our research on quantum simulations .
0709.4514	physics.ins-det	An Improved Shashlyk Calorimeter	Shashlyk electromagnetic calorimeter modules with an energy resolution of about 3 % /sqrt { E ( GeV ) } for 50-1000 MeV photons has been developed , and a prototype tested . Details of these improved modules , including mechanical construction , selection of wave shifting fibers and photo-detectors , and development of a new scintillator with improved optical and mechanical properties are described . How the modules will perform in a large calorimeter was determined from prototype measurements . The experimentally determined characteristics of the calorimeter prototype show energy resolution of sigma_E/E= ( 1.96+-0.1 ) % \oplus ( 2.74+-0.05 ) % /sqrt { E } , time resolution of sigma_T = ( 72+-4 ) /sqrt { E } \oplus ( 14+-2 ) /E ( ps ) , where photon energy E is given in GeV units and \oplus means a quadratic summation . A punch-through inefficiency of photon detection was measured to be \epsilon = 5*10^ { -5 } ( \Theta > 5 mrad ) .
