0708.2529	physics.chem-ph	Molecular dynamics simulation of nanocolloidal amorphous silica particles : Part I	Explicit molecular dynamics simulations were applied to a pair of amorphous silica nanoparticles in aqueous solution , of diameter 4.4 nm with four different background electrolyte concentrations , to extract the mean force acting between the pair of silica nanoparticles . Dependences of the interparticle forces with separation and the background electrolyte concentration were demonstrated . The nature of the interaction of the counter-ions with charged silica surface sites ( deprotonated silanols ) was investigated . A 'patchy ' double layer of adsorbed sodium counter-ions . was observed . Dependences of the interparticle potential of mean force with separation and the background electrolyte concentration were demonstrated . Direct evidence of the solvation forces is presented in terms of changes of the water ordering at the surfaces of the isolated and double nanoparticles . The nature of the interaction of the counter-ions with charged silica surface sites ( deprotonated silanols ) was investigated in terms of quantifying the effects of the number of water molecules separately inside each of the pair of nanoparticles by defining an impermeability measure . A direct correlation was found between impermeability ( related to the silica surface 'hairiness ' ) and the disruption of water ordering . Differences in the impermeability between the two nanoparticles are attributed to differences in the calculated electric dipole moment .
0708.2531	physics.chem-ph	Molecular dynamics simulation of nanocolloidal amorphous silica particles : Part II	Explicit molecular dynamics simulations were applied to a pair of amorphous silica nanoparticles of diameter 3.2 nm immersed in a background electrolyte . Mean forces acting between the pair of silica nanoparticles were extracted at four different background electrolyte concentrations . Dependence of the inter-particle potential of mean force on the separation and the silicon to sodium ratio , as well as on the background electrolyte concentration , are demonstrated . The pH was indirectly accounted for via the ratio of silicon to sodium used in the simulations . The nature of the interaction of the counter-ions with charged silica surface sites ( deprotonated silanols ) was also investigated . The effect of the sodium double layer on the water ordering was investigated for three Si : Na+ ratios . The number of water molecules trapped inside the nanoparticles was investigated as the Si : Na+ ratio was varied . Differences in this number between the two nanoparticles in the simulations are attributed to differences in the calculated electric dipole moment . The implications of the form of the potentials for aggregation are also discussed .
0708.2546	physics.soc-ph physics.ins-det	X-Radiography of Cargo Containers	The problem of detecting a nuclear weapon smuggled in an ocean-going cargo container has not been solved , and the detonation of such a device in a large city could produce casualties and property damage exceeding those of September 11 , 2001 by orders of magnitude . Any means of detecting such threats must be fast and cheap enough to screen the millions of containers shipped each year , and must be capable of distinguishing a threatening quantity of fissionable material from the complex loading of masses of innocent material found in many containers . Here we show that radiography with energetic X-rays produced by a 10 MeV electron accelerator , taking advantage of the high density and specific atomic properties of fissionable material , may be a practical solution .
0708.2548	physics.soc-ph physics.ins-det	Detection of Neutron Sources in Cargo Containers	We investigate the problem of detecting the presence of clandestine neutron sources , such as would be produced by nuclear weapons containing plutonium , within cargo containers . Small , simple and economical semiconductor photodiode detectors affixed to the outsides of containers are capable of producing statistically robust detections of unshielded sources when their output is integrated over the durations of ocean voyages . It is possible to shield such sources with thick layers of neutron-absorbing material , and to minimize the effects of such absorbers on ambient or artificial external neutron fluxes by surrounding them with neutron-reflective material .
0708.2551	physics.gen-ph	Comments on Possible Variation of the Universal Constants	Discussion of the constancy , or otherwise , of the various so-called universal constants which abound in physics has continued for many years . However , relatively recent observations , which appear to indicate a variation in the value of the fine structure constant , have reignited the subject . These observations relate to quasars and that in itself raises questions . Also , since many of the arguments utilise the Bekenstein-Hawking expression for the entropy of a black hole , further controversy is introduced into the discussion immediately . In what follows these two points will be examined and some less well-known theoretical considerations introduced which , hopefully , will instigate wider examination of this topic .
0708.2577	physics.ed-ph physics.gen-ph	The Transfer of Knowledge from Physics and Mathematics to Engineering Applications	The objective of this paper is to describe a development of an innovative approach to enable students studying science , technology , engineering , and mathematics ( STEM ) to apply the concepts learned in physics and mathematics to engineering problem-solving challenges . Our goal is to facilitate students transfer of knowledge from theory to engineering applications , thereby increasing student academic performance , retention , persistence , and graduation . To achieve the goal we are creating a virtual community of students and faculty as a vehicle for promoting the transfer of knowledge using e-learning and e-teaching mechanisms .
0708.2653	physics.optics cond-mat.other physics.plasm-ph	Unusual Resonators : Plasmonics , Metamaterials , and Random Media	Superresolution , extraordinary transmission , total absorption , and localization of electromagnetic waves are currently attracting growing attention . These phenomena are related to different physical objects and are usually studied within the context of different , sometimes rather sophisticated , physical approaches . Remarkably , all these seemingly unrelated phenomena owe their origin to the same underlying physical mechanism - wave interaction with an open resonator . Here we show that it is possible to describe all of these effects in a unified way , mapping each system onto a simple resonator model . Such description provides a thorough understanding of the phenomena , explains all the main features of their complex behaviour , and enables to control the system via the resonator parameters : eigenfrequencies , Q-factors , and coupling coefficients .
