0710.1703	physics.optics hep-ex	The BMV experiment : a novel apparatus to study the propagation of light in a transverse magnetic field	In this paper , we describe in detail the BMV ( Bir\'efringence Magn\'etique du Vide ) experiment , a novel apparatus to study the propagation of light in a transverse magnetic field . It is based on a very high finesse Fabry-Perot cavity and on pulsed magnets specially designed for this purpose . We justify our technical choices and we present the current status and perspectives .
0710.1704	physics.optics	A giant controllable gap in the optical spectrum of a semiconductor laser subject to intense feedback with rotated polarization	A semiconductor laser subject to delayed optical feedback is investigated in the limit of extremely intense feedback power . In a range of feedback polarization rotation angles the emission spectra of the laser reveal a giant gap with width of more than a terahertz . The position of the gap and its width are shown to be regulated by means of feedback polarization rotation angle . We demonstrate that a theoretical approach , based on carrier density grating induced potential , explains our experimental results .
0710.1706	physics.atom-ph	Relativistic calculations of the lifetimes and hyperfine structure constants in $ ^ { 67 } $ Zn $ ^ { + } $	This work presents accurate { \it ab initio } determination of the magnetic dipole ( M1 ) and electric quadrupole ( E2 ) hyperfine structure constants for the ground and a few low-lying excited states in $ ^ { 67 } $ Zn $ ^ { + } $ , which is one of the interesting systems in fundamental physics . The coupled-cluster ( CC ) theory within the relativistic framework has been used here in this calculations . Long standing demands for a relativistic and highly correlated calculations like CC can be able to resolve the disagreements among the lifetime estimations reported previously for a few low-lying states of Zn $ ^ { + } $ . The role of different electron correlation effects in the determination of these quantities are discussed and their contributions are presented .
0710.1739	physics.flu-dyn	Lagrangian statistics in forced two-dimensional turbulence	We report on simulations of two-dimensional turbulence in the inverse energy cascade regime . Focusing on the statistics of Lagrangian tracer particles , scaling behavior of the probability density functions of velocity fluctuations is investigated . The results are compared to the three-dimensional case . In particular an analysis in terms of compensated cumulants reveals the transition from a strong non-Gaussian behavior with large tails to Gaussianity . The reported computation of correlation functions for the acceleration components sheds light on the underlying dynamics of the tracer particles .
0710.1800	physics.soc-ph physics.hist-ph	Andrzej Pekalski networks of scientific interests with internal degrees of freedom through self-citation analysis	Old and recent theoretical works by Andrzej Pekalski ( APE ) are recalled as possible sources of interest for describing network formation and clustering in complex ( scientific ) communities , through self-organisation and percolation processes . Emphasis is placed on APE self-citation network over four decades . The method is that used for detecting scientists field mobility by focusing on author 's self-citation , co-authorships and article topics networks as in [ 1,2 ] . It is shown that APE 's self-citation patterns reveal important information on APE interest for research topics over time as well as APE engagement on different scientific topics and in different networks of collaboration . Its interesting complexity results from `` degrees of freedom '' and external fields leading to so called internal shock resistance . It is found that APE network of scientific interests belongs to independent clusters and occurs through rare or drastic events as in irreversible `` preferential attachment processes '' , similar to those found in usual mechanics and thermodynamics phase transitions .
0710.1850	physics.class-ph	Controlling suction by vapour equilibrium technique at different temperatures , application to the determination of the water retention properties of MX80 clay	Problems related to unsaturated soils are frequently encountered in geotechnical or environmental engineering works . In most cases , for the purpose of simplicity , the problems are studied by considering the suction effects on volume change or shear strength under isothermal conditions . Under isothermal condition , very often , a temperature independent water retention curve is considered in the analysis , which is obviously a simplification . When the temperature changes are too significant to be neglected , it is necessary to account for the thermal effects . In this paper , a method for controlling suction using the vapour equilibrium technique at different temperatures is presented . First , calibration of various saturated saline solutions was carried out from temperature of 20 degrees C to 60 degrees C. A mirror psychrometer was used for the measurement of relative humidity generated by saturated saline solutions at different temperatures . The results obtained are in good agreement with the data from the literature . This information was then used to determine the water retention properties of MX80 clay , which showed that the retention curve is shifting down with increasing of temperature .
0710.1857	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Concentric Characterization and Classification of Complex Network Nodes : Theory and Application to Institutional Collaboration	Differently from theoretical scale-free networks , most of real networks present multi-scale behavior with nodes structured in different types of functional groups and communities . While the majority of approaches for classification of nodes in a complex network has relied on local measurements of the topology/connectivity around each node , valuable information about node functionality can be obtained by Concentric ( or Hierarchical ) Measurements . In this paper we explore the possibility of using a set of Concentric Measurements and agglomerative clustering methods in order to obtain a set of functional groups of nodes . Concentric clustering coefficient and convergence ratio are chosen as segregation parameters for the analysis of a institutional collaboration network including various known communities ( departments of the University of S\~ao Paulo ) . A dendogram is obtained and the results are analyzed and discussed . Among the interesting obtained findings , we emphasize the scale-free nature of the obtained network , as well as the identification of different patterns of authorship emerging from different areas ( e.g . human and exact sciences ) . Another interesting result concerns the relatively uniform distribution of hubs along the concentric levels , contrariwise to the non-uniform pattern found in theoretical scale free networks such as the BA model .
0710.1861	physics.chem-ph	Dissociative electron attachment to the H2O molecule . II . Nuclear dynamics on coupled electronic surfaces within the local complex potential model	We report the results of a first-principles study of dissociative electron attachment to H2O . The cross sections are obtained from nuclear dynamics calculations carried out in full dimensionality within the local complex potential model by using the multi-configuration time-dependent Hartree method . The calculations employ our previously obtained global , complex-valued , potential-energy surfaces for the three ( doublet B1 , doublet A1 , and doublet B2 ) electronic Feshbach resonances involved in this process . These three metastable states of H2O- undergo several degeneracies , and we incorporate both the Renner-Teller coupling between the B1 and A1 states as well as the conical intersection between the A1 and B2 states into our treatment . The nuclear dynamics are inherently multidimensional and involve branching between different final product arrangements as well as extensive excitation of the diatomic fragment . Our results successfully mirror the qualitative features of the major fragment channels observed , but are less successful in reproducing the available results for some of the minor channels . We comment on the applicability of the local complex potential model to such a complicated resonant system .
0710.1885	physics.atom-ph	Initial state dependence in multi-electron threshold ionization of atoms	It is shown that the geometry of multi-electron threshold ionization in atoms depends on the initial configuration of bound electrons . The reason for this behavior is found in the stability properties of the classical fixed point of the equations of motion for multiple threshold fragmentation . Specifically for three-electron break-up , apart from the symmetric triangular configuration also a break-up of lower symmetry in the form of a T-shape can occur , as we demonstrate by calculating triple photoionization for the lithium ground and first excited states . We predict the electron break-up geometry for threshold fragmentation experiments .
0710.1910	physics.gen-ph	Rationalization of EPR Coincidence Experiments	Coincidence experiments on EPR pairs show strong violations of Bell's Inequalities at certain filter settings which is widely believed to mean that local hidden variable models can not explain these results . In this paper it is shown that the 'non-separable ' singlet density matrix can be represented as a sum of separable density matrices which are products of individual non-hermitian spin operator states . This decomposition is consistent with the intuitive notion that after separation from the singlet the two physical systems should be described by a product state . In spite of the non-hermiticity , the values of the relevant spin observables are real . A new local hidden variable model inspired by this decomposition is discussed .
