0711.3966	physics.soc-ph	Modelling the Navigation Potential of a Web Page	Suppose that you are navigating in `` hyperspace '' and you have reached a web page with several outgoing links you could choose to follow . Which link should you choose in such an online scenario ? When you are not sure where the information you require resides , you will initiate a navigation session . This involves pruning some of the links and following one of the others , where more pruning is likely to happen the deeper you navigate . In terms of decision making , the utility of navigation diminishes with distance until finally the utility drops to zero and the session is terminated . Under this model of navigation , we call the number of nodes that are available after pruning , for browsing within a session , the { \em potential gain } of the starting web page . Thus the parameters that effect the potential gain are the local branching factor with respect to the starting web page and the discount factor . We first consider the case when the discounting factor is geometric . We show that the distribution of the effective number of links that the user can follow at each navigation step after pruning , i.e . the number of nodes added to the potential gain at that step , is given by the { \em erf } function . We derive an approximation to the potential gain of a web page and show that this is numerically a very accurate estimate . We then consider a harmonic discounting factor and show that , in this case , the potential gain at each step is closely related to the probability density function for the Poisson distribution . The potential gain has been applied to web navigation where it helps the user to choose a good starting point for initiating a navigation session . Another application is in social network analysis , where the potential gain could provide a novel measure of centrality .
0711.3971	physics.atom-ph	Relativistic corrections of m\alpha^6 order to the ro-vibrational spectrum of H_2^+ and HD^+ molecular ions	The major goal of the high-precision studies of ro-vibrational states in the hydrogen molecular ions is to provide an alternative way for improving the electron-to-proton mass ratio , or the atomic mass of electron . By now the complete set of relativistic and radiative corrections have been obtained for a wide range of ro-vibrational states of H_2^+ and HD^+ up to order R_\infty\alpha^4 . In this work we complete calculations of various contributions to the R_\infty\alpha^4 order by computing the relativistic corrections to the binding energy of electron .
0711.3972	physics.soc-ph physics.comp-ph	The network approach : basic concepts and algorithms	What is a complex network ? How do we characterize complex networks ? Which systems can be studied from a network approach ? In this text , we motivate the use of complex networks to study and understand a broad panoply of systems , ranging from physics and biology to economy and sociology . Using basic tools from statistical physics , we will characterize the main types of networks found in nature . Moreover , the most recent trends in network research will be briefly discussed .
0711.3987	physics.optics	Power scalability as a precise concept for the evaluation of laser architectures	This paper establishes power scaling of lasers as a clearly defined concept , based on a power scaling procedure which must satisfy various criteria . It is demonstrated that this concept creates useful insight particularly for the evaluation of the future performance potential of different laser architectures , and for identifying technological aspects which will need to be modified for generating higher powers . It turns out that some aspects ( such as e.g . thermal lensing in thin disk lasers ) can have rather benign scaling properties , not causing problems even at very high power levels , while other aspects can become essential even if they initially may have appeared to be insignificant .
0711.3997	physics.class-ph	On the existence of Hamiltonians for non-holonomic systems	We consider the question of existence of Hamiltonians for autonomous non-holonomic mechanical systems in this paper . The approach is elementary in the sense that the existence of a Hamiltonian for a given non-holonomic system is considered to be equivalent to the existence of a non-degenerate Lagrangian for the system in question . The possible existence of such a Lagrangian is related to the inverse problem of constructing a Lagrangian from the appropriate equations of motion . A simple example in three dimensions with one non-holonomic constraint is analysed in detail , and it is shown that in this case there is no Lagrangian reproducing the equations of motion in three dimensions . Thus the system does not admit a variational formulation in three dimensions . However , the system in question is equivalent to a two-dimensional system which admits a variational formulation . Two distinct Lagrangians and their corresponding Hamiltonians are constructed explicitly for this two-dimensional system
0711.4028	physics.bio-ph cond-mat.stat-mech	Towards effective payoffs in the prisoner 's dilemma game on scale-free networks	We study the transition towards effective payoffs in the prisoner 's dilemma game on scale-free networks by introducing a normalization parameter guiding the system from accumulated payoffs to payoffs normalized with the connectivity of each agent . We show that during this transition the heterogeneity-based ability of scale-free networks to facilitate cooperative behavior deteriorates continuously , eventually collapsing with the results obtained on regular graphs . The strategy donations and adaptation probabilities of agents with different connectivities are studied . Results reveal that strategies generally spread from agents with larger towards agents with smaller degree . However , this strategy adoption flow reverses sharply in the fully normalized payoff limit . Surprisingly , cooperators occupy the hubs even if the averaged cooperation level due to partly normalized payoffs is moderate .
0711.4050	physics.hist-ph physics.gen-ph	Space and time as containers , Space divisibility , and Unrepeatability of events	Our main purpose here is to study some qualitative aspects of space and time . These include the notion of space and time regarded as the containers of respectively bodies and events , the divisibility of space , and the unrepeatability of events . We thereof argue that the ideas of an empty space , portions of empty space and a homogenous space are misleading when they are applied to realized space , and that they are therefore not suitable for space as a condition of corporeal world ( as it is often assumed ) . We also show that smallest ( indivisible ) and `` final '' ( `` ultimate '' ) parts of space and bodies have , at most , a conventional character , and not a `` fundamental '' one ( as it is usually claimed ) . With respect to time and events , analogous conclusions follow . However , we claim that between space and time there exist rather big qualitative differences , which make time 's nature much more difficult to grasp than that of space . In this sense , we discuss the impossibility of repetition of events and some of its applications in modern science , notably , probabilistic and statistical science . Some other implications of this study in conceptual ( `` philosophical '' ) aspects of modern physics are briefly discussed , such as the `` timeless '' interpretation of general relativity , the notion of space-time , among others . Finally , some considerations about the usual conception and the scope of modern science in general , and modern physics in particular , are addressed throughout the article .
0711.4064	physics.class-ph	A primer on elliptic functions with applications in classical mechanics	The Jacobi and Weierstrass elliptic functions used to be part of the standard mathematical arsenal of physics students . They appear as solutions of many important problems in classical mechanics : the motion of a planar pendulum ( Jacobi ) , the motion of a force-free asymmetric top ( Jacobi ) , the motion of a spherical pendulum ( Weierstrass ) , and the motion of a heavy symmetric top with one fixed point ( Weierstrass ) . The problem of the planar pendulum , in fact , can be used to construct the general connection between the Jacobi and Weierstrass elliptic functions . The easy access to mathematical software by physics students suggests that they might reappear as useful tools in the undergraduate curriculum .
0711.4073	physics.gen-ph	On the solution of the Heaviside - Klein - Gordon thermal equation for heat transport in graphene	We report studies of the solution of the Heaviside - Klein - Gordon thermal equation . As the result it is shown that the solution consists of two components : the fast thermal wave and slow diffusion for very large ( compared to relaxation time ) time period . We argue that the fast thermal wave can be recognized as the indication of the ballistic heat transport . As an example we consider the ballistic heat transport in graphene .
0711.4084	physics.bio-ph	Systematic Study of the Boundary Composition in Poisson Boltzmann Calculations	We describe a three-stage procedure to analyze the dependence of Poisson Boltzmann calculations on the shape , size and geometry of the boundary between solute and solvent . Our study is carried out within the boundary element formalism , but our results are also of interest to finite difference techniques of Poisson Boltzmann calculations . At first , we identify the critical size of the geometrical elements for discretizing the boundary , and thus the necessary resolution required to establish numerical convergence . In the following two steps we perform reference calculations on a set of dipeptides in different conformations using the Polarizable Continuum Model and a high-level Density Functional as well as a high-quality basis set . Afterwards , we propose a mechanism for defining appropriate boundary geometries . Finally , we compare the classic Poisson Boltzmann description with the Quantum Chemical description , and aim at finding appropriate fitting parameters to get a close match to the reference data . Surprisingly , when using default AMBER partial charges and the rigorous geometric parameters derived in the initial two stages , no scaling of the partial charges is necessary and the best fit against the reference set is obtained automatically
0711.4087	physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph	On the Helix-coil Transition in Alanine-based Polypeptides in Gas Phase	Using multicanonical simulations , the authors study the effect of charged end groups on helix formation in alanine based polypeptides . They confirm earlier reports that neutral polyalanine exhibits a pronounced helix-coil transition in gas phase simulations . Introducing a charged Lys+ at the C terminal stabilizes the helix and leads to a higher transition temperature . On the other hand , adding the Lys+ at the N terminal inhibits helix formation . Instead , a more globular structure was found . These results are in agreement with recent experiments on alanine based polypeptides in gas phase . They indicate that present force fields describe accurately the intramolecular interactions in proteins .
0711.4088	physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph	Side chain and backbone ordering in a polypeptide	We report results from multicanonical simulations of polyglutamic acid chains of length of ten residues . For this simple polypeptide we observe a decoupling of backbone and side-chain ordering in the folding process . While the details of the two transitions vary between the peptide in gas phase and in an implicit solvent , our results indicate that , independent of the specific surroundings , upon continuously lowering the temperature side-chain ordering occurs only after the backbone topology is completely formed .
0711.4090	physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph	Backbone and Sidechain Ordering in a small Protein	We investigate the relation between backbone and side-chain ordering in a small protein . For this purpos e we have performed multicanonical simulations of the villin headpiece subdomain HP-36 , an often used to y model in protein studies . Concepts of circular statistics are introduced to analyze side-chain fluctuations . In contrast to earlier studies on homopolypeptides ( Wei et al. , J. Phys . Chem . B , 111 ( 2007 ) 4244 ) we do not find collective effects leading to a separate transition . Rather , side-chain ordering is spread over a wide temperature range . Our results indicate a thermal hierarchy of ordering events , with side-chain ordering appearing at temperatures below the helix-coil transition but above the folding transition . We conjecture that this thermal hierarchy reflects an underlying temporal order , and that side-chain ordering facilitates the search for the correct backbone topology .
0711.4092	physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph	Computational assesment of the entropy of solvation of small-sized hydrophobic entities	A high level polarizable force field is used to study the temperature dependence of hydrophobic hydration of small-sized molecules from computer simulations . Molecular dynamics ( MD ) simulations of liquid water at various temperatures form the basis of free energy perturbation calculations that consider the onset and growth of a repulsive sphere . This repulsive sphere acts as a model construct for the hydrophobic species . In the present study , an extension is pursued for seven independent target temperatures , ranging from close to the freezing point almost up to the boiling point of liquid water under standard conditions . Care is taken to maintain proper physico-chemical model descriptions by cross-checking with experimental water densities at the selected target temperatures . The polarizable force field description of molecular water turns out to be suitable throughout the entire temperature domain considered . Derivatives of the computed free energies of hydrophobic hydration with respect to the temperature give access to the changes in entropy . In practice the entropy differential is determined from the negative of the slope of tangential lines formed at a certain target temperature in the free energy profile . The obtained changes in entropy are negative for small-sized cavities , and hence reconfirm the basic ideas of the Lum Chandler Weeks theory on hydrophobic hydration of small-sized solutes .
0711.4136	physics.atom-ph	Monte Carlo simulations of muCF processes kinetics in deuterium gas	The muon-catalyzed-fusion processes in D $ _2 $ gas for various temperatures and densities have been studied by means of Monte Carlo simulations . In particular , the role of the resonant and nonresonant $ dd\mu $ formation and differences between the neutron time spectra from the ortho-D $ _2 $ and para-D $ _2 $ targets at low temperatures have been investigated .
0711.4159	physics.optics	Control of superluminal transit through a heterogeneous medium	We consider pulse propagation through a two component composite medium ( metal inclusions in a dielectric host ) with or without cavity mirrors . We show that a very thin slab of such a medium , under conditions of localized plasmon resonance , can lead to significant superluminality with detectable levels of transmitted pulse . A cavity containing the heterogeneous medium is shown to lead to subluminal-to-superluminal transmission depending on the volume fraction of the metal inclusions . The predictions of phase time calculations are verified by explicit calculations of the transmitted pulse shapes . We also demonstrate the independence of the phase time on system width and the volume fraction under specific conditions .
0711.4168	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Role of Activity in Human Dynamics	The human society is a very complex system ; still , there are several non-trivial , general features . One type of them is the presence of power-law distributed quantities in temporal statistics . In this Letter , we focus on the origin of power-laws in rating of movies . We present a systematic empirical exploration of the time between two consecutive ratings of movies ( the interevent time ) . At an aggregate level , we find a monotonous relation between the activity of individuals and the power-law exponent of the interevent-time distribution . At an individual level , we observe a heavy-tailed distribution for each user , as well as a negative correlation between the activity and the width of the distribution . We support these findings by a similar data set from mobile phone text-message communication . Our results demonstrate a significant role of the activity of individuals on the society-level patterns of human behavior . We believe this is a common character in the interest-driven human dynamics , corresponding to ( but different from ) the universality classes of task-driven dynamics .
0711.4172	physics.optics	Broadband optical delay with large dynamic range using atomic dispersion	We report on a tunable all-optical delay line for pulses with optical frequency within the Rb $ D_2 $ absorption line . Using frequency tuning between absorption components from different isotopes , pulses of 10 ns duration are delayed in a 10 cm hot vapour cell by up to 40 ns while the transmission remains above 10 % . The use of two isotopes allows the delay to be increased or decreased by optical pumping with a second laser , producing rapid tuning over a range of more than 40 % of the initial delay at 110 $ ^ { \circ } $ C . We investigate the frequency and intensity ranges in which this delay line can be realised . Our observations are in good agreement with a numerical model of the system .
0711.4178	physics.med-ph	Computational modeling of beam-customization devices for heavy-charged-particle radiotherapy	A model for beam customization with collimators and a range-compensating filter based on the phase-space theory for beam transport is presented for dose distribution calculation in treatment planning of radiotherapy with protons and heavier ions . Independent handling of pencil beams in conventional pencil-beam algorithms causes unphysical collimator-height dependence in the middle of large fields , which is resolved by the framework comprised of generation , transport , collimation , regeneration , range-compensation , and edge-sharpening processes with a matrix of pencil beams . The model was verified to be consistent with measurement and analytic estimation at a submillimeter level in penumbra of individual collimators with a combinational-collimated carbon-ion beam . The model computation is fast , accurate , and readily applicable to pencil-beam algorithms in treatment planning with capability of combinational collimation to make best use of the beam-customization devices .
