0707.0539	physics.acc-ph	Synchrotron Radiation Interferometer Calibration Check by Use of A Size Control Bump in KEKB	In KEKB , synchrotron radiation interferometers ( SRMs ) are used for measuring the transverse beam sizes . There is also a tool for enlarging the vertical beam size intentionally by making an asymmetric bump , called an `` iSize '' bump , at one of the strongest non-interleaved sextupole magnets in each KEKB ring . The calibrations of the SRMs were checked by comparing the measured vertical beam sizes with those calculated using the computer code `` SAD '' . The obtained correction factors are 1.000 $ \pm $ 0.045 for HER and 0.971 $ \pm $ 0.060 for LER , which are consistent with the calibration factors of SRMs\cite { SRMcalib } within errors . Using the obtained calibration factor , x-y coupling of each ring was calculated .
0707.0540	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	How to project a bipartite network ?	The one-mode projecting is extensively used to compress the bipartite networks . Since the one-mode projection is always less informative than the bipartite representation , a proper weighting method is required to better retain the original information . In this article , inspired by the network-based resource-allocation dynamics , we raise a weighting method , which can be directly applied in extracting the hidden information of networks , with remarkably better performance than the widely used global ranking method as well as collaborative filtering . This work not only provides a creditable method in compressing bipartite networks , but also highlights a possible way for the better solution of a long-standing challenge in modern information science : How to do personal recommendation ?
0707.0580	physics.bio-ph cond-mat.soft cond-mat.stat-mech q-bio.BM	Force unfolding kinetics of RNA using optical tweezers . I . Effects of experimental variables on measured results	Experimental variables of optical tweezers instrumentation that affect RNA folding/unfolding kinetics were investigated . A model RNA hairpin , P5ab , was attached to two micron-sized beads through hybrid RNA/DNA handles ; one bead was trapped by dual-beam lasers and the other was held by a micropipette . Several experimental variables were changed while measuring the unfolding/refolding kinetics , including handle lengths , trap stiffness , and modes of force applied to the molecule . In constant-force mode where the tension applied to the RNA was maintained through feedback control , the measured rate coefficients varied within 40 % when the handle lengths were changed by 10 fold ( 1.1 to 10.2 Kbp ) ; they increased by two- to three-fold when the trap stiffness was lowered to one third ( from 0.1 to 0.035 pN/nm ) . In the passive mode , without feedback control and where the force applied to the RNA varied in response to the end-to-end distance change of the tether , the RNA hopped between a high-force folded-state and a low-force unfolded-state . In this mode , the rates increased up to two-fold with longer handles or softer traps . Overall , the measured rates remained with the same order-of-magnitude over the wide range of conditions studied . In the companion paper ( 1 ) , we analyze how the measured kinetics parameters differ from the intrinsic molecular rates of the RNA , and thus how to obtain the molecular rates .
0707.0583	physics.optics	Low-loss grating for coupling to a high-finesse cavity	A concept for a low loss all-reflective cavity coupler is experimentally demonstrated at a wavelength of 1064 nm . A 1450 nm period dielectric reflection grating with a diffraction efficiency of 0.58 % in the -1st order is used in 2nd order Littrow configuration as a coupler to form a cavity with a finesse of 400 . The application of such reflective low-loss cavity couplers in future generations of gravitational-wave detectors as well as some implementation issues are discussed .
0707.0609	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.dis-nn physics.data-an	Maps of random walks on complex networks reveal community structure	To comprehend the multipartite organization of large-scale biological and social systems , we introduce a new information theoretic approach that reveals community structure in weighted and directed networks . The method decomposes a network into modules by optimally compressing a description of information flows on the network . The result is a map that both simplifies and highlights the regularities in the structure and their relationships . We illustrate the method by making a map of scientific communication as captured in the citation patterns of more than 6000 journals . We discover a multicentric organization with fields that vary dramatically in size and degree of integration into the network of science . Along the backbone of the network -- including physics , chemistry , molecular biology , and medicine -- information flows bidirectionally , but the map reveals a directional pattern of citation from the applied fields to the basic sciences .
0707.0621	physics.optics	Diffractive Optics for Gravitational Wave Detectors	All-reflective interferometry based on nano-structured diffraction gratings offers new possibilities for gravitational wave detection . We investigate an all-reflective Fabry-Perot interferometer concept in 2nd order Littrow mount . The input-output relations for such a resonator are derived treating the grating coupler by means of a scattering matrix formalism . A low loss dielectric reflection grating has been designed and manufactured to test the properties of such a grating cavity .
0707.0623	physics.geo-ph	An analysis of the fluctuations of the geomagnetic dipole	The time evolution of the strength of the Earth 's virtual axial dipole moment ( VADM ) is analyzed by relating it to the Fokker-Planck equation , which describes a random walk with VADM-dependent drift and diffusion coefficients . We demonstrate first that our method is able to retrieve the correct shape of the drift and diffusion coefficients from a time series generated by a test model . Analysis of the Sint-2000 data shows that the geomagnetic dipole mode has a linear growth time of 13 to 33 kyr , and that the nonlinear quenching of the growth rate follows a quadratic function of the type [ 1- ( x/x0 ) ^2 ] . On theoretical grounds , the diffusive motion of the VADM is expected to be driven by multiplicative noise , and the corresponding diffusion coefficient to scale quadratically with dipole strength . However , analysis of the Sint-2000 VADM data reveals a diffusion which depends only very weakly on the dipole strength . This may indicate that the magnetic field quenches the amplitude of the turbulent velocity in the Earth 's outer core .
0707.0625	physics.optics	Input-output relations for a 3-port grating coupled Fabry-Perot cavity	We analyze an optical 3-port reflection grating by means of a scattering matrix formalism . Amplitude and phase relations between the 3 ports , i.e . the 3 orders of diffraction are derived . Such a grating can be used as an all-reflective , low-loss coupler to Fabry-Perot cavities . We derive the input output relations of a 3-port grating coupled cavity and find distinct properties not present in 2-port coupled cavities . The cavity relations further reveal that the 3-port coupler can be designed such that the additional cavity port interferes destructively . In this case the all-reflective , low-loss , single-ended Fabry-Perot cavity becomes equivalent to a standard transmissive , 2-port coupled cavity .
0707.0630	physics.optics	Demonstration of 3-port grating phase relations	We experimentally demonstrate the phase relations of 3-port gratings by investigating 3-port coupled Fabry-Perot cavities . Two different gratings which have the same 1st order diffraction efficiency but differ substantially in their 2nd order diffraction efficiency have been designed and manufactured . Using the gratings as couplers to Fabry-Perot cavities we could validate the results of an earlier theoretical description of the phases at a three port grating .
0707.0637	physics.ins-det	Microelectromechanical components in electrical metrology	Microelectromechanical systems ( MEMS ) can offer a competitive alternative for conventional technology in electrical precision measurements . This article summarises recent work in development of MEMS solutions for electrical metrology . MEMS-based voltage references , RMS-to-DC converters , high frequency power sensors , and reference oscillators are discussed . The main principle of operation of the components is the balance between electrical forces and mechanical spring forces in micromachined silicon structures . In RMS sensors and RMS-to-DC converters , the quadratic voltage dependence of the force between plates of a moving-plate capacitor is utilised , and the operation of the MEMS voltage reference is based on the pull-in phenomenon of a moving-plate capacitor . Advantages of MEMS devices compared to more conventional solutions include small size , low power consumption , low price in mass production , and stability . The drift caused by electrostatic charging effects has turned out to be a major problem . This problem has not yet been solved in DC applications , but it can be circumvented by using AC actuation instead of DC and by compensating the internal DC voltages of the component . In this way , an AC voltage reference with relative drift rate below 2 ppm during a three-week test period has been constructed . Even better stability has been demonstrated with a MEMS-based reference oscillator : no changes in resonance frequency were observed at relative uncertainty level of about 0.01 ppm in a measurement which was continued for more than a month . MEMS components have also been developed for measuring RF and microwave power up to frequencies of about 40 GHz . Unlike conventional high frequency power sensors , which measure the absorbed power , the MEMS device measures the power that is transmitted through the sensor .
0707.0638	physics.geo-ph	Core-mantle boundary deformations and J2 variations resulting from the 2004 Sumatra earthquake	The deformation at the core-mantle boundary produced by the 2004 Sumatra earthquake is investigated by means of a semi-analytic theoretical model of global coseismic and postseismic deformation , predicting a millimetric coseismic perturbation over a large portion of the core-mantle boundary . Spectral features of such deformations are analysed and discussed . The time-dependent postseismic evolution of the elliptical part of the gravity field ( J2 ) is also computed for different asthenosphere viscosity models . Our results show that , for asthenospheric viscosities smaller than 10^18 Pa s , the postseismic J2 variation in the next years is expected to leave a detectable signal in geodetic observations .
0707.0642	physics.flu-dyn physics.class-ph	Spectral Modeling of Turbulent Flows and the Role of Helicity	We present a new version of a dynamical spectral model for Large Eddy Simulation based on the Eddy Damped Quasi Normal Markovian approximation \cite { sao , chollet_lesieur } . Three distinct modifications are implemented and tested . On the one hand , whereas in current approaches , a Kolmogorov-like energy spectrum is usually assumed in order to evaluate the nonlocal transfer , in our method the energy spectrum of the subgrid scales adapts itself dynamically to the large-scale resolved spectrum ; this first modification allows in particular for a better treatment of transient phases and instabilities , as shown on one specific example . Moreover , the model takes into account the phase relationships of the small-scales , embodied for example in strong localized structures such as vortex filaments . To that effect , phase information is implemented in the treatment of the so-called eddy noise in the closure model . Finally , we also consider the role that helical small scales may play in the evaluation of the transfer of energy and helicity , the two invariants of the primitive equations in the inviscid case ; this leads as well to intrinsic variations in the development of helicity spectra . Therefore , our model allows for simulations of flows for a variety of circumstances and a priori at any given Reynolds number . Comparisons with Direct Numerical Simulations of the three-dimensional Navier-Stokes equation are performed on fluids driven by an ABC ( Beltrami ) flow which is a prototype of fully helical flows . Good agreements are obtained for physical and spectral behavior of the large scales .
0707.0662	physics.bio-ph cond-mat.soft cond-mat.stat-mech q-bio.BM	Force unfolding kinetics of RNA using optical tweezers . II . Modeling experiments	By exerting mechanical force it is possible to unfold/refold RNA molecules one at a time . In a small range of forces , an RNA molecule can hop between the folded and the unfolded state with force-dependent kinetic rates . Here , we introduce a mesoscopic model to analyze the hopping kinetics of RNA hairpins in an optical tweezers setup . The model includes different elements of the experimental setup ( beads , handles and RNA sequence ) and limitations of the instrument ( time lag of the force-feedback mechanism and finite bandwidth of data acquisition ) . We investigated the influence of the instrument on the measured hopping rates . Results from the model are in good agreement with the experiments reported in the companion article ( 1 ) . The comparison between theory and experiments allowed us to infer the values of the intrinsic molecular rates of the RNA hairpin alone and to search for the optimal experimental conditions to do the measurements . We conclude that long handles and soft laser traps represent the best conditions to extract rate estimates that are closest to the intrinsic molecular rates . The methodology and rationale presented here can be applied to other experimental setups and other molecules .
