0706.0366	physics.pop-ph physics.gen-ph	On the flight of an American Football	In this paper we examine the detailed theory of the American football in flight , with spin and air resistance included . We find the theory has much in common with the theory of a gyroscope and also rocket trajectory with a misaligned thruster . Unfortunately most of the air resistance data , for rocketry and ballistics , is for speeds of Mach 1 or higher , where the air resistance increases dramatically . We shall approximate a realistic air resistance , at the slower speeds of football flight , with a drag force proportional to cross sectional area and either $ v $ or $ v^2 $ , depending on speed , where $ v $ is velocity of the football . We begin with a discussion of the motion , giving as much detail as possible without the use of complex analytic calculations . We point out the previous errors made with moments of inertia and make the necessary corrections for more accurate results . We show that the shape of an American football closely resembles a parabola of revolution .
0706.0390	physics.gen-ph	Superradiance and stimulated scattering in SNR 1987A	The rings observed around supernova remnant 1987A are emitted by a plasma mainly made of ionized and neutral hydrogen atoms . With a density of 10 power 10 atoms per cubic metre , and at least a dimension of plasma of 0.01 light-year , the column density is 10 power 24 atoms per square metre , much more than needed for an optically thick gas at Lyman frequencies ( Case B ) . While , at 10000 K , the bulky gas would absorb Lyman lines fully , at 50000K it emits superradiant lines . As superradiance de-excites the atoms strongly , nearly all available energy is emitted in a few competing modes : Superradiance appears only for beams which cross the largest column densities ; for an observation from Earth , these beams generate three elliptical hollow cylinders whose bases are the observed rings ; admitting that the Earth is not in a privileged direction , these cylinders envelope ellipsoidal shells observed , for the external rings , by photon echoes . For the equatorial ring , the brightness of the superradiant beams is multiplied by a quasi-resonant induced scattering of the rays emitted by the star . The de-excitation of atoms by emitted beams cools the gas strongly , so that ionization decreases fast , the process self accelerates . The energy of the high radiance rays from the star is strongly scattered to the ring while the low radiance of the glow which surrounds the star is rather amplified . The fast absorption of the radial beams produces the radial decrease of radiance of the ring while a competition of modes produces the pearls .
0706.0525	physics.class-ph physics.optics	Nonstationary random acoustic and electromagnetic fields as wave diffusion processes	We investigate the effects of relatively rapid variations of the boundaries of an overmoded cavity on the stochastic properties of its interior acoustic or electromagnetic field . For quasi-static variations , this field can be represented as an ideal incoherent and statistically homogeneous isotropic random scalar or vector field , respectively . A physical model is constructed showing that the field dynamics can be characterized as a generalized diffusion process . The Langevin -- It\^ { o } and Fokker -- Planck equations are derived and their associated statistics and distributions for the complex analytic field , its magnitude and energy density are computed . The energy diffusion parameter is found to be proportional to the square of the ratio of the standard deviation of the source field to the characteristic time constant of the dynamic process , but is independent of the initial energy density , to first order . The energy drift vanishes in the asymptotic limit . The time-energy probability distribution is in general not separable , as a result of nonstationarity . A general solution of the Fokker -- Planck equation is obtained in integral form , together with explicit closed-form solutions for several asymptotic cases . The findings extend known results on statistics and distributions of quasi-stationary ideal random fields ( pure diffusions ) , which are retrieved as special cases .
0706.0539	physics.ins-det	The Maximum Detectable Momentum for cosmic ray muons in the MINOS far detector	A magnetic detector such as MINOS which is measuring the sign of muons has to deal with issues of bending , which depend on the magnetic field configuration , and multiple scattering , which depends on the amount of material which is traversed . Above some momentum which depends on these factors , the momentum can not be resolved . Issues related to measurement of the muon charge ratio in MINOS are discussed .
0706.0540	physics.gen-ph physics.atom-ph	A microfabricated sensor for thin dielectric layers	We describe a sensor for the measurement of thin dielectric layers capable of operation in a variety of environments . The sensor is obtained by microfabricating a capacitor with interleaved aluminum fingers , exposed to the dielectric to be measured . In particular , the device can measure thin layers of solid frozen from a liquid or gaseous medium . Sensitivity to single atomic layers is achievable in many configurations and , by utilizing fast , high sensitivity capacitance read out in a feedback system onto environmental parameters , coatings of few layers can be dynamically maintained . We discuss the design , read out and calibration of several versions of the device optimized in different ways . We specifically dwell on the case in which atomically thin solid xenon layers are grown and stabilized , in cryogenic conditions , from a liquid xenon bath .
0706.0552	physics.chem-ph	Molecular Energy Relations From Chemical Kinetics	Since molecular energy transformations are responsible for chemical reaction rates at the most fundamental level , chemical kinetics should provide some information about molecular energies . This is the premise and objective of this note . We describe a Hamiltonian formulation for kinetic rate equations where the concentrations are the generalized coordinates and the conjugate momenta are simply related to individual average molecular energies . Simple examples are presented and the resulting energy relations naturally include non-equilibrium reactions . An analysis predicts the reasonable outcome that thermal agitation of a composite molecule increases its rate of dissociation .
0706.0573	physics.gen-ph	Compounding Fields and Their Quantum Equations in the Curved Spaces	Based on the concept of curved spacetime in Einsteinian General Relativity , the field theories and their quantum theories in the curved octonion spaces etc are discussed . The research results discover the close relationships of the curved spacetimes with the field theories and quantum theories . In the field theories of curved spacetimes , the curvatures have direct effect on field strength and field source etc . While the curvatures have direct impact on wave functions and quantum equations etc in the quantum theories of curved spacetimes . The research results discover that some abnormal phenomena of field source particles could be explained by the field theories or quantum theories in the curved spacetimes .
