0709.2963	physics.data-an	Order 1 autoregressive process of finite length	The stochastic processes of finite length defined by recurrence relations request additional relations specifying the first terms of the process analogously to the initial conditions for the differential equations . As a general rule , in time series theory one analyzes only stochastic processes of infinite length which need no such initial conditions and their properties are less difficult to be determined . In this paper we compare the properties of the order 1 autoregressive processes of finite and infinite length and we prove that the time series length has an important influence mainly if the serial correlation is significant . These different properties can manifest themselves as transient effects produced when a time series is numerically generated . We show that for an order 1 autoregressive process the transient behavior can be avoided if the first term is a Gaussian random variable with standard deviation equal to that of the theoretical infinite process and not to that of the white noise innovation .
0709.2984	physics.chem-ph	Precise dipole moment and quadrupole coupling constants of benzonitrile	We have performed Fourier transform microwave spectroscopy of benzonitrile , without and with applied electric fields . From the field-free hyperfine-resolved microwave transitions we simultaneously derive accurate values for the rotational constants , centrifugal distortion constants , and nitrogen nuclear quadrupole coupling constants of benzonitrile . By measuring the Stark shift of selected hyperfine transitions the electric dipole moment of benzonitrile is determined to $ \mu=\mu_a=4.5152 ( 68 ) $ D .
0709.2986	physics.flu-dyn	Blistering of viscoelastic filaments	When a dilute polymer solution experiences capillary thinning , it forms an almost uniformly cylindrical thread , which we study experimentally . In the last stages of thinning , when polymers have become fully stretched , the filament becomes prone to instabilities , of which we describe two : A novel `` breathing '' instability , originating from the edge of the filament , and a sinusoidal instability in the interior , which ultimately gives rise to a `` blistering '' pattern of beads on the filament . We describe the linear instability with a spatial resolution of 80 nm in the disturbance amplitude . For sufficiently high polymer concentrations , the filament eventually separates out into a `` solid '' phase of entangled polymers , connected by fluid beads . A solid polymer fiber of about 100 nanometer thickness remains , which is essentially permanent .
0709.2993	physics.gen-ph	The Astronomy and Science Behind the Myth	We show that many ancient Indian mythological legends are really allegorical depictions of astronomical and other physical phenomena of which the composers had a good idea . This detail enables us to also use techniques of astronomical chronology for dating various events .
0709.3018	physics.soc-ph	Nature and statistics of majority rankings in a dynamical model of preference aggregation	We present numerical results on a complex dynamical model for the aggregation of many individual rankings of S alternatives by the pairwise majority rule under a deliberative scenario . Agents are assumed to interact when the Kemeny distance between their rankings is smaller than a range R. The main object of interest is the probability that the aggregate ( social ) ranking is transitive as a function of the interaction range . This quantity is known to decay fast as S increases in the non-interacting case . Here we find that when S > 4 such a probability attains a sharp maximum when the interaction range is sufficiently large , in which case it significantly exceeds the corresponding value for a non-interacting system . Furthermore , the situation improves upon increasing S. A possible microscopic mechanism leading to this counterintuitive result is proposed and investigated .
0709.3022	physics.class-ph	BCB Based Packaging for Low Actuation Voltage RF MEMS Devices	This paper outlines the issues related to RF MEMS packaging and low actuation voltage . An original approach is presented concerning the modeling of capacitive contacts using multiphysics simulation and advanced characterization . A similar approach is used concerning packaging development where multi-physics simulations are used to optimize the process . A devoted package architecture is proposed featuring very low loss at microwave range .
0709.3028	physics.geo-ph	Emerging complexity in a simple model of the mechanical behaviour of rocks	We propose a mechanical model for the behaviour of rocks based on progressive damage at the elementary scale and elastic interaction . It allows us to simulate several experimental observations : mechanical behaviour ranging from brittle to ductile , fractal structure of the damage , powerlaw distribution of the damage avalanches . These macroscopic properties are not incorporated at the elementary scale , but are the results of the interaction between elements . This emerging complexity permits us to consider the strain rock process as a complex system characterized by non-linear dynamics .
0709.3036	physics.med-ph	Modeling the consequences of tongue surgery on tongue mobility	This paper presents the current achievements of a long term project aiming at predicting and assessing the impact of tongue and mouth floor surgery on tongue mobility . The ultimate objective of this project is the design of a software with which surgeons should be able ( 1 ) to design a 3D biomechanical model of the tongue and of the mouth floor that matches the anatomical characteristics of each patient specific oral cavity , ( 2 ) to simulate the anatomical changes induced by the surgery and the possible reconstruction , and ( 3 ) to quantitatively predict and assess the consequences of these anatomical changes on tongue mobility and speech production after surgery .
0709.3042	physics.med-ph	Computer aided planning and navigation for orbito-zygomatic reconstruction	This paper suggests a full protocol of Computer Aided Surgery as previously recommended in literature addressing the challenging task of primary or secondary reconstruction of orbito-zygomatic dislocation . First , on a specifically developed planning software , the best zygoma reduction and orbital boundaries reconstruction to achieve skeletal symmetry are determined . This treatment plan is then transferred to the 3D Navigation Systems within the operating room . After patient 's anatomy registration to his preoperative CT scan data , the navigation system allows zygomatic guiding to its planned reduced location and bone orbital volume restoration control . The feasibility of this technique was checked in 3 patients with major orbito-zygomatic deformities . Preliminary clinical results are presented .
0709.3045	physics.soc-ph physics.comp-ph	Network model of human language	The phenomenon of human language is widely studied from various points of view . It is interesting not only for social scientists , antropologists or philosophers , but also for those , interesting in the network dynamics . In several recent papers word web , or language as a graph has been investigated . In this paper I revise recent studies of syntactical word web . I present a model of growing network in which such processes as node addition , edge rewiring and new link creation are taken into account . I argue , that this model is a satisfactory minimal model explaining measured data .
0709.3099	physics.hist-ph	Emil Rupp , Albert Einstein and the canal ray experiments on wave-particle duality : Scientific fraud and theoretical bias	In 1926 Emil Rupp published a number of papers on the interference properties of light emitted by canal ray sources . These articles , particularly one paper that came into being in collaboration with Albert Einstein , drew quite some attention as they probed the wave versus particle nature of light . They also significantly propelled Rupp 's career , even though that from the outset they were highly controversial . This article will review this episode , and in particular Rupp 's collaboration with Einstein . Evidence that Rupp forged his results is presented and their critical reception in the socially and politically divided German physics community is discussed . These divisions fail to explain the full dynamic ; the latter is attempted by turning to the role that theoretical bias on occasion has in assessing experiment . Einstein's responses in particular are analyzed in this context .
