0704.0847	physics.atm-clus	Semi-spheroidal Quantum Harmonic Oscillator	A new single-particle shell model is derived by solving the Schr\ '' odinger equation for a semi-spheroidal potential well . Only the negative parity states of the $ Z ( z ) $ component of the wave function are allowed , so that new magic numbers are obtained for oblate semi-spheroids , semi-sphere and prolate semi-spheroids . The semi-spherical magic numbers are identical with those obtained at the oblate spheroidal superdeformed shape : 2 , 6 , 14 , 26 , 44 , 68 , 100 , 140 , ... The superdeformed prolate magic numbers of the semi-spheroidal shape are identical with those obtained at the spherical shape of the spheroidal harmonic oscillator : 2 , 8 , 20 , 40 , 70 , 112 , 168 ...
0704.0854	physics.optics	Polarization properties of subwavelength hole arrays consisting of rectangular holes	Influence of hole shape on extraordinary optical transmission was investigated using hole arrays consisting of rectangular holes with different aspect ratio . It was found that the transmission could be tuned continuously by rotating the hole array . Further more , a phase was generated in this process , and linear polarization states could be changed to elliptical polarization states . This phase was correlated with the aspect ratio of the holes . An intuitional model was presented to explain these results .
0704.0855	physics.atom-ph	Three dimensional cooling and trapping with a narrow line	The intercombination line of Strontium at 689nm is successfully used in laser cooling to reach the photon recoil limit with Doppler cooling in a magneto-optical traps ( MOT ) . In this paper we present a systematic study of the loading efficiency of such a MOT . Comparing the experimental results to a simple model allows us to discuss the actual limitation of our apparatus . We also study in detail the final MOT regime emphasizing the role of gravity on the position , size and temperature along the vertical and horizontal directions . At large laser detuning , one finds an unusual situation where cooling and trapping occur in the presence of a high bias magnetic field .
0704.0856	physics.atom-ph physics.class-ph	Approximate Selection Rule for Orbital Angular Momentum in Atomic Radiative Transitions	We demonstrate that radiative transitions with \Delta l = - 1 are strongly dominating for all values of n and l , except small region where l < < n .
0704.0870	physics.acc-ph	Proposal for an Enhanced Optical Cooling System Test in an Electron Storage Ring	We are proposing to test experimentally the new idea of Enhanced Optical Cooling ( EOC ) in an electron storage ring . This experiment will confirm new fundamental processes in beam physics and will demonstrate new unique possibilities with this cooling technique . It will open important applications of EOC in nuclear physics , elementary particle physics and in Light Sources ( LS ) based on high brightness electron and ion beams .
0704.0887	physics.data-an physics.gen-ph	Non-extensive thermodynamics of 1D systems with long-range interaction	A new approach to non-extensive thermodynamical systems with non-additive energy and entropy is proposed . The main idea of the paper is based on the statistical matching of the thermodynamical systems with the additive multi-step Markov chains . This general approach is applied to the Ising spin chain with long-range interaction between its elements . The asymptotical expressions for the energy and entropy of the system are derived for the limiting case of weak interaction . These thermodynamical quantities are found to be non-proportional to the length of the system ( number of its particle ) .
0704.0889	physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Bibliometric statistical properties of the 100 largest European universities : prevalent scaling rules in the science system	For the 100 largest European universities we studied the statistical properties of bibliometric indicators related to research performance , field citation density and journal impact . We find a size-dependent cumulative advantage for the impact of universities in terms of total number of citations . In previous work a similar scaling rule was found at the level of research groups . Therefore we conjecture that this scaling rule is a prevalent property of the science system . We observe that lower performance universities have a larger size-dependent cumulative advantage for receiving citations than top-performance universities . We also find that for the lower-performance universities the fraction of not-cited publications decreases considerably with size . Generally , the higher the average journal impact of the publications of a university , the lower the number of not-cited publications . We find that the average research performance does not dilute with size . Large top-performance universities succeed in keeping a high performance over a broad range of activities . This most probably is an indication of their scientific attractive power . Next we find that particularly for the lower-performance universities the field citation density provides a strong cumulative advantage in citations per publication . The relation between number of citations and field citation density found in this study can be considered as a second basic scaling rule of the science system . Top-performance universities publish in journals with significantly higher journal impact as compared to the lower performance universities . We find a significant decrease of the fraction of self-citations with increasing research performance , average field citation density , and average journal impact .
0704.0903	physics.gen-ph	New possible properties of atomic nuclei investigated by non linear methods : Fractal and recurrence quantification analysis	For the first time we apply the methodologies of nonlinear analysis to investigate atomic matter . We use these methods in the analysis of Atomic Weights and of Mass Number of atomic nuclei . Using the AutoCorrelation Function and Mutual Information we establish the presence of nonlinear effects in the mechanism of increasing mass of atomic nuclei considered as a function of the atomic number . We find that increasing mass is divergent , possibly chaotic . We also investigate the possible existence of a Power Law for atomic nuclei and , using also the technique of the variogram , we conclude that a fractal regime could superintend to the mechanism of increasing mass for nuclei . Finally , using the Hurst exponent , evidence is obtained that the mechanism of increasing mass in atomic nuclei is in the fractional Brownian regime . The most interesting results are obtained by using Recurrence Quantification Analysis ( RQA ) . New recurrences , psudoperiodicities , self-resemblance and class of self-similarities are identified with values of determinism showing oscillating values indicating the presence of more or less stability during the process of increasing mass of atomic nuclei . In brief , new regimes of regularities are identified for atomic nuclei that deserve to be studied by future researches . In particular an accurate analysis of binding energy values by nonlinear methods is further required .
0704.0912	physics.atom-ph	Nuclear Spin Effects in Optical Lattice Clocks	We present a detailed experimental and theoretical study of the effect of nuclear spin on the performance of optical lattice clocks . With a state-mixing theory including spin-orbit and hyperfine interactions , we describe the origin of the $ ^1S_0 $ - $ ^3P_0 $ clock transition and the differential g-factor between the two clock states for alkaline-earth ( -like ) atoms , using $ ^ { 87 } $ Sr as an example . Clock frequency shifts due to magnetic and optical fields are discussed with an emphasis on those relating to nuclear structure . An experimental determination of the differential g-factor in $ ^ { 87 } $ Sr is performed and is in good agreement with theory . The magnitude of the tensor light shift on the clock states is also explored experimentally . State specific measurements with controlled nuclear spin polarization are discussed as a method to reduce the nuclear spin-related systematic effects to below 10 $ ^ { -17 } $ in lattice clocks .
0704.0962	physics.hist-ph	The Einstein-Varicak Correspondence on Relativistic Rigid Rotation	The historical significance of the problem of relativistic rigid rotation is reviewed in light of recently published correspondence between Einstein and the mathematician Vladimir Varicak from the years 1909 to 1913 .
0704.0963	physics.hist-ph astro-ph	Nova Geminorum 1912 and the Origin of the Idea of Gravitational Lensing	Einstein 's early calculations of gravitational lensing , contained in a scratch notebook and dated to the spring of 1912 , are reexamined . A hitherto unknown letter by Einstein suggests that he entertained the idea of explaining the phenomenon of new stars by gravitational lensing in the fall of 1915 much more seriously than was previously assumed . A reexamination of the relevant calculations by Einstein shows that , indeed , at least some of them most likely date from early October 1915 . But in support of earlier historical interpretation of Einstein 's notes , it is argued that the appearance of Nova Geminorum 1912 ( DN Gem ) in March 1912 may , in fact , provide a relevant context and motivation for Einstein 's lensing calculations on the occasion of his first meeting with Erwin Freundlich during a visit in Berlin in April 1912 . We also comment on the significance of Einstein 's consideration of gravitational lensing in the fall of 1915 for the reconstruction of Einstein 's final steps in his path towards general relativity .
