0708.1394	physics.atom-ph	Semiclassical description of the kinematically complete experiments	Based on the semiclassical , impact parameter method a theoretical model is constructed to calculate totally differential cross sections for single ionization of helium by impact with fast C $ ^ { 6+ } $ ions . Good agreement with the experiment is achieved in the scattering plane , while in the perpendicular plane a similar structure to that observed experimentally is obtained . The contribution of different partial waves to the cross section is also investigated .
0708.1473	physics.optics	Waveguide properties of single subwavelength holes demonstrated with radially and azimuthally polarized light	We investigate the transmission of focused beams through single subwavelength holes in a silver film . We use radially and azimuthally polarized light , respectively , to excite higher order waveguide modes as well as to match the radial symmetry of the aperture geometry . Remarkably , the transmission properties can be described by a classical waveguide model even for thicknesses of the silver film as thin as a quarter of a wavelength .
0708.1483	physics.gen-ph	Memory in the system : trajectory-environment	In the paper the memory effect in the system consisting from a trajectory of process and an environment is considered . The environment is presented by scalar potential and noise . The evolution of system is interpreted as process of the continuous `` measurement '' of a trajectory by an environment and\or on the contrary . In this sense the measured value is entropy-the information about embedding of the trajectory into configurations space . The concepts '' measurement '' and `` interaction '' are identified alike in quantum theory . Thus , the entropy evolution is not only the effect of dynamics , but also its cause , if it is possible to speak about causality in this case . It is shown , that such non-elastic interaction leads to occurrence of memory in the system . The reflex memory mechanism is realized as a real conformal dynamic metrics . The metastable event ( attractor ) is defined and time of its life is estimated . It is shown , that in the system there is a change of dynamic modes from spatial localization to random walk ( fluctuation , relaxation ) . On scale of the attractors dynamics the memory is appearing as a semi-regular ( in some information sense ) drift of the image of fluctuations in a power spectrum of environment to absolute minimum . The latter properties ( topological convergence ) attract the attention to algorithmic aspect of a considered system .
0708.1490	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.dis-nn cond-mat.stat-mech physics.comp-ph	Nonequilibrium Opinion Spreading on 2D Small-World Networks	Irreversible opinion spreading phenomena are studied on small-world networks generated from 2D regular lattices by means of the magnetic Eden model , a nonequilibrium kinetic model for the growth of binary mixtures in contact with a thermal bath . In this model , the opinion or decision of an individual is affected by those of their acquaintances , but opinion changes ( analogous to spin flips in an Ising-like model ) are not allowed . Particularly , we focus on aspects inherent to the underlying 2D nature of the substrate , such as domain growth and cluster size distributions . Larger shortcut fractions are observed to favor long-range ordering connections between distant clusters across the network , while the temperature is shown to drive the system across an order-disorder transition , in agreement with previous investigations on related equilibrium spin systems . Furthermore , the extrapolated phase diagram , as well as the correlation length critical exponent , are determined by means of standard finite-size scaling procedures .
0708.1519	physics.optics physics.class-ph	Classical Theory of Optical Nonlinearity in Conducting Nanoparticles	We develop a classical theory of electron confinement in conducting nanoparticles . The theory is used to compute the nonlinear optical response of the nanoparticle to a harmonic external field .
