0711.2726	physics.comp-ph cond-mat.soft physics.chem-ph	Calculation of the potential of mean force from nonequilibrium measurements via maximum likelihood estimators	We present an approach to the estimate of the potential of mean force along a generic reaction coordinate based on maximum likelihood methods and path-ensemble averages in systems driven far from equilibrium . Following similar arguments , various free energy estimators can be recovered , all providing comparable computational accuracy . The method , applied to the unfolding process of the alpha-helix form of an alanine deca-peptide , gives results in good agreement with thermodynamic integration .
0711.2729	physics.data-an cond-mat.stat-mech physics.bio-ph physics.geo-ph	Estimating Granger causality from Fourier and wavelet transforms of time series data	Experiments in many fields of science and engineering yield data in the form of time series . The Fourier and wavelet transform-based nonparametric methods are used widely to study the spectral characteristics of these time series data . Here , we extend the framework of nonparametric spectral methods to include the estimation of Granger causality spectra for assessing directional influences . We illustrate the utility of the proposed methods using synthetic data from network models consisting of interacting dynamical systems .
0711.2736	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.dis-nn physics.comp-ph	Knitted Complex Networks	To a considerable extent , the continuing importance and popularity of complex networks as models of real-world structures has been motivated by scale free degree distributions as well as the respectively implied hubs . Being related to sequential connections of edges in networks , paths represent another important , dual pattern of connectivity ( or motif ) in complex networks ( e.g. , paths are related to important concepts such as betweeness centrality ) . The present work proposes a new supercategory of complex networks which are organized and/or constructed in terms of paths . Two specific network classes are proposed and characterized : ( i ) PA networks , obtained by star-path transforming Barabasi-Albert networks ; and ( ii ) PN networks , built by performing progressive paths involving all nodes without repetition . Such new networks are important not only from their potential to provide theoretical insights , but also as putative models of real-world structures . The connectivity structure of these two models is investigated comparatively to four traditional complex networks models ( Erdos-Renyi , Barabasi-Albert , Watts-Strogatz and a geographical model ) . A series of interesting results are described , including the corroboration of the distinct nature of the two proposed models and the importance of considering a comprehensive set of measurements and multivariated statistical methods for the characterization of complex networks .
0711.2747	physics.ins-det	Development of New Hole-Type Avalanche Detectors and the First Results of their Applications	We have developed a new detector of photons and charged particles- a hole-type structure with electrodes made of a double layered resistive material : a thin low resistive layer coated with a layer having a much higher resistivity . One of the unique features of this detector is its capability to operate at high gas gains ( up to 10E4 ) in air or in gas mixtures with air . They can also operate in a cascaded mode or be combined with other detectors , for example with GEM . This opens new avenues in their applications . Several prototypes of these devices based on new detectors and oriented on practical applications were developed and successfully tested : a detector of soft X-rays and alpha particles , a flame sensor , a detector of dangerous gases . All of these detectors could operate stably even in humid air and/or in dusty conditions . The main advantages of these detectors are their simplicity , low cost and high sensitivity . For example , due to the avalanche multiplication , the detectors of flames and dangerous gases have a sensitivity of 10-100 times higher than commercial devices . We therefore believe that new detectors will have a great future .
0711.2757	physics.soc-ph	Boundary effects in a three-state modified voter model for languages	The standard three-state voter model is enlarged by including the outside pressure favouring one of the three choices and by adding some biased internal random noise . The Monte Carlo simulations are motivated by states with the population divided into three groups of various affinities to each other . We show the crucial influence of the boundaries for moderate lattice sizes like 500 x 500 . By removing the fixed boundary at one side , we demonstrate that this can lead to the victory of one single choice . Noise in contrast stabilizes the choices of all three populations . In addition , we compute the persistence probability , i.e. , the number of sites who have never changed their opinion during the simulation , and we consider the case of `` rigid-minded '' decision makers .
