0704.1023	physics.data-an	The Effect of Annealing Temperature on Statistical Properties of $ WO_3 $ Surface	We have studied the effect of annealing temperature on the statistical properties of $ WO_3 $ surface using atomic force microscopy techniques ( AFM ) . We have applied both level crossing and structure function methods . Level crossing analysis indicates an optimum annealing temperature of around 400 $ ^oC $ at which the effective area of the $ WO_3 $ thin film is maximum , whereas composition of the surface remains stoichiometric . The complexity of the height fluctuation of surfaces was characterized by roughness , roughness exponent and lateral size of surface features . We have found that there is a phase transition at around 400 $ ^oC $ from one set to two sets of roughness parameters . This happens due to microstructural changes from amorphous to crystalline structure in the samples that has been already found experimentally .
0704.1029	physics.data-an	Controlling surface statistical properties using bias voltage : Atomic force microscopy and stochastic analysis	The effect of bias voltages on the statistical properties of rough surfaces has been studied using atomic force microscopy technique and its stochastic analysis . We have characterized the complexity of the height fluctuation of a rough surface by the stochastic parameters such as roughness exponent , level crossing , and drift and diffusion coefficients as a function of the applied bias voltage . It is shown that these statistical as well as microstructural parameters can also explain the macroscopic property of a surface . Furthermore , the tip convolution effect on the stochastic parameters has been examined .
0704.1030	physics.data-an	Etched Glass Surfaces , Atomic Force Microscopy and Stochastic Analysis	The effect of etching time scale of glass surface on its statistical properties has been studied using atomic force microscopy technique . We have characterized the complexity of the height fluctuation of a etched surface by the stochastic parameters such as intermittency exponents , roughness , roughness exponents , drift and diffusion coefficients and find their variations in terms of the etching time .
0704.1054	physics.gen-ph	Geometry of Time , Axiom of Choice and Neuro-Biological Quantum Zeno Effect	Role of axiom of choice in quantum measurement is highlighted by suggesting that the conscious observer chooses the outcome from a mixed state . Further , in a periodically repeating universe , these outcomes must be pre-recorded within the non-physical conscious observers , which precludes free will . Free will however exists in a universe with open time , It is suggested that psychology's binding problem is connected with Cantor 's original definition of set . Influence of consciousness on material outcome through quantum processes is discussed and interesting constraints derived . For example , it is predicted that quantum mechanical brain states should get frozen if monitored at sufficiently small space-time intervals - a neuro-biological version of the so called quantum zeno effect , which has been verified in domain of micro-physics . Existence of a very small micro-mini-black-hole in brain is predicted as a space-time structural interface between consciousness and brain , whose vaporization explains mass-loss reported in weighing experiments , conducting during the moments of death .
