0705.0083	physics.gen-ph physics.class-ph	Are Advanced Potentials Anomalous ?	Advanced electromagnetic potentials are indigenous to the classical Maxwell theory . Generally however they are deemed undesirable and are forcibly excluded , destroying the theory 's inherent time-symmetry . We investigate the reason for this , pointing out that it is not necessary and in some cases is counter-productive . We then focus on the direct-action theory in which the advanced and retarded contributions are present symmetrically , with no opportunity to supplement the particular integral solution of the wave equation with an arbitrary complementary function . One then requires a plausible explanation for the observed broken symmetry that , commonly , is understood can not be met by the Wheeler-Feynman mechanism because the necessary boundary condition can not be satisfied in acceptable cosmologies . We take this opportunity to argue that the boundary condition is already met by all expanding cosmologies simply as a result of cosmological red-shift . A consequence is that the cosmological and thermodynamic arrows of time can be equated , the direct action version of EM is preferred , and that advanced potentials are ubiquitous .
0705.0136	physics.atom-ph	Angular distribution studies on the two-photon ionization of hydrogen-like ions : Relativistic description	The angular distribution of the emitted electrons , following the two-photon ionization of the hydrogen-like ions , is studied within the framework of second order perturbation theory and the Dirac equation . Using a density matrix approach , we have investigated the effects which arise from the polarization of the incoming light as well as from the higher multipoles in the expansion of the electron -- photon interaction . For medium- and high-Z ions , in particular , the non-dipole contributions give rise to a significant change in the angular distribution of the emitted electrons , if compared with the electric-dipole approximation . This includes a strong forward emission while , in dipole approxmation , the electron emission always occurs symmetric with respect to the plane which is perpendicular to the photon beam . Detailed computations for the dependence of the photoelectron angular distributions on the polarization of the incident light are carried out for the ionization of H , Xe $ ^ { 53+ } $ , and U $ ^ { 91+ } $ ( hydrogen-like ) ions .
0705.0157	physics.plasm-ph	Magnetosonic solitons in a dusty plasma slab	The existence of magnetosonic solitons in dusty plasmas is investigated . The nonlinear magnetohydrodynamic equations for a warm dusty magnetoplasma are thus derived . A solution of the nonlinear equations is presented . It is shown that , due to the presence of dust , static structures are allowed . This is in sharp contrast to the formation of the so called shocklets in usual magnetoplasmas . A comparatively small number of dust particles can thus drastically alter the behavior of the nonlinear structures in magnetized plasmas .
0705.0158	physics.gen-ph physics.data-an	Thermal noise informatics : Totally secure communication via a wire ; Zero-power communication ; and Thermal noise driven computing	Very recently , it has been shown that thermal noise and its artificial versions ( Johnson-like noises ) can be utilized as an information carrier with peculiar properties therefore it may be proper to call this topic Thermal Noise Informatics . Zero Power ( Stealth ) Communication , Thermal Noise Driven Computing , and Totally Secure Classical Communication are relevant examples . In this paper , while we will briefly describe the first and the second subjects , we shall focus on the third subject , the secure classical communication via wire . This way of secure telecommunication utilizes the properties of Johnson ( -like ) noise and those of a simple Kirchhoff 's loop . The communicator is unconditionally secure at the conceptual ( circuit theoretical ) level and this property is ( so far ) unique in communication systems based on classical physics . The communicator is superior to quantum alternatives in all known aspects , except the need of using a wire . In the idealized system , the eavesdropper can extract zero bit of information without getting uncovered . The scheme is naturally protected against the man-in-the-middle attack . The communication can take place also via currently used power lines or phone ( wire ) lines and it is not only a point-to-point communication like quantum channels but network-ready . Tests have been carried out on a model-line with ranges beyond the ranges of any known direct quantum communication channel and they indicate unrivalled signal fidelity and security performance . This simple device has single-wire secure key generation/sharing rates of 0.1 , 1 , 10 , and 100 bit/second for copper wires with diameters/ranges of 21 mm / 2000 km , 7 mm / 200 km , 2.3 mm / 20 km , and 0.7 mm / 2 km , respectively and it performs with 0.02 % raw-bit error rate ( 99.98 % fidelity ) .
0705.0160	physics.gen-ph physics.data-an	Fluctuation-enhanced sensing	We present a short survey on fluctuation-enhanced gas sensing . We compare some of its main characteristics with those of classical sensing . We address the problem of linear response , information channel capacity , missed alarms and false alarms .
0705.0171	physics.ins-det	Radiation hardness of diamond and silicon sensors compared	The radiation hardness of silicon charged particle sensors is compared with single crystal and polycrystalline diamond sensors , both experimentally and theoretically . It is shown that for Si- and C-sensors , the NIEL hypothesis , which states that the signal loss is proportional to the Non-Ionizing Energy Loss , is a good approximation to the present data . At incident proton and neutron energies well above 0.1 GeV the radiation damage is dominated by the inelastic cross section , while at non-relativistic energies the elastic cross section prevails . The smaller inelastic nucleon-Carbon cross section and the light nuclear fragments imply that at high energies diamond is an order of magnitude more radiation hard than silicon , while at energies below 0.1 GeV the difference becomes significantly smaller .
