0706.3286	physics.med-ph	Intensity-Based Registration of Freehand 3D Ultrasound and CT-scan Images of the Kidney	This paper presents a method to register a pre-operative Computed-Tomography ( CT ) volume to a sparse set of intra-operative Ultra-Sound ( US ) slices . In the context of percutaneous renal puncture , the aim is to transfer planning information to an intra-operative coordinate system . The spatial position of the US slices is measured by optically localizing a calibrated probe . Assuming the reproducibility of kidney motion during breathing , and no deformation of the organ , the method consists in optimizing a rigid 6 Degree Of Freedom ( DOF ) transform by evaluating at each step the similarity between the set of US images and the CT volume . The correlation between CT and US images being naturally rather poor , the images have been preprocessed in order to increase their similarity . Among the similarity measures formerly studied in the context of medical image registration , Correlation Ratio ( CR ) turned out to be one of the most accurate and appropriate , particularly with the chosen non-derivative minimization scheme , namely Powell-Brent 's . The resulting matching transforms are compared to a standard rigid surface registration involving segmentation , regarding both accuracy and repeatability . The obtained results are presented and discussed .
0706.3306	physics.atom-ph	Theoretical studies of high-harmonic generation : Effects of symmetry , degeneracy and orientation	Using a quantum mechanical three-step model we present numerical calculations on the high-harmonic generation from four polyatomic molecules . Ethylene ( C $ _2 $ H $ _4 $ ) serves as an example where orbital symmetry directly affects the harmonic yield . We treat the case of methane ( CH $ _4 $ ) to address the high-harmonic generation resulting from a molecule with degenerate orbitals . To this end we illustrate how the single orbital contributions show up in the total high-harmonic signal . This example illustrates the importance of adding coherently amplitude contributions from the individual degenerate orbitals . Finally , we study the high-harmonic generation from propane ( C $ _3 $ H $ _8 $ ) and butane ( C $ _4 $ H $ _ { 10 } $ ) . These two molecules , being extended and far from spherical in structure , produce harmonics with non-trivial orientational dependencies . In particular , propane can be oriented so that very high-frequency harmonics are favorized , and thus the molecule contains prospects for the generation of UV attosecond pulses .
0706.3316	physics.ins-det	Hadron beam test of a scintillating fibre tracker system for elastic scattering and luminosity measurement in ATLAS	A scintillating fibre tracker is proposed to measure elastic proton scattering at very small angles in the ATLAS experiment at CERN . The tracker will be located in so-called Roman Pot units at a distance of 240 m on each side of the ATLAS interaction point . An initial validation of the design choices was achieved in a beam test at DESY in a relatively low energy electron beam and using slow off-the-shelf electronics . Here we report on the results from a second beam test experiment carried out at CERN , where new detector prototypes were tested in a high energy hadron beam , using the first version of the custom designed front-end electronics . The results show an adequate tracking performance under conditions which are similar to the situation at the LHC . In addition , the alignment method using so-called overlap detectors was studied and shown to have the expected precision .
0706.3319	physics.gen-ph	On the Photon Mass	We review the case for the photon having a tiny mass compatible with the experimental limits . We go over some possible experimental tests for such a photon mass including the violation of Lorentz symmetry . We point out that such violations may already have been witnessed in tests involving high energy gamma rays from outer space as also ultra high energy cosmic rays .
0706.3330	physics.flu-dyn	Coherent structures in localised and global pipe turbulence	The recent discovery of unstable travelling waves ( TWs ) in pipe flow has been hailed as a significant breakthrough with the hope that they populate the turbulent attractor . We confirm the existence of coherent states with internal fast and slow streaks commensurate in both structure and energy with known TWs using numerical simulations in a long pipe . These only occur , however , within less energetic regions of ( localized ) `puff ' turbulence at low Reynolds numbers ( Re=2000-2400 ) , and not at all in ( homogeneous ) `slug ' turbulence at Re=2800 . This strongly suggests that all currently known TWs sit in an intermediate region of phase space between the laminar and turbulent states rather than being embedded within the turbulent attractor itself . New coherent fast streak states with strongly decelerated cores appear to populate the turbulent attractor instead .
0706.3333	physics.med-ph	Computer-assisted access to the kidney	OBJECTIVES : The aim of this paper is to introduce the principles of computer-assisted access to the kidney . The system provides the surgeon with a pre-operative 3D planning on computed tomography ( CT ) images . After a rigid registration with space-localized ultrasound ( US ) data , preoperative planning can be transferred to the intra-operative conditions and an intuitive man-machine interface allows the user to perform a puncture . MATERIAL AND METHODS : Both CT and US images of informed normal volunteer were obtained to perform calculation on the accuracy of registration and punctures were carried out on a kidney phantom to measure the precision of the whole of the system . RESULTS : We carried out millimetric registrations on real data and guidance experiments on a kidney phantom showed encouraging results of 4.7 mm between planned and reached targets . We noticed that the most significant error was related to the needle deflection during the puncture . CONCLUSION : Preliminary results are encouraging . Further work will be undertaken to improve efficiency and accuracy , and to take breathing into account .
0706.3366	physics.ao-ph physics.geo-ph	Extreme Associated Functions : Optimally Linking Local Extremes to Large-scale Atmospheric Circulation Structures	We present a new statistical method to optimally link local weather extremes to large-scale atmospheric circulation structures . The method is illustrated using July-August daily mean temperature at 2m height ( T2m ) time-series over the Netherlands and 500 hPa geopotential height ( Z500 ) time-series over the Euroatlantic region of the ECMWF reanalysis dataset ( ERA40 ) . The method identifies patterns in the Z500 time-series that optimally describe , in a precise mathematical sense , the relationship with local warm extremes in the Netherlands . Two patterns are identified ; the most important one corresponds to a blocking high pressure system leading to subsidence and calm , dry and sunny conditions over the Netherlands . The second one corresponds to a rare , easterly flow regime bringing warm , dry air into the region . The patterns are robust ; they are also identified in shorter subsamples of the total dataset . The method is generally applicable and might prove useful in evaluating the performance of climate models in simulating local weather extremes .
0706.3375	physics.data-an	Eigenvalue Decomposition as a Generalized Synchronization Cluster Analysis	Motivated by the recent demonstration of its use as a tool for the detection and characterization of phase-shape correlations in multivariate time series , we show that eigenvalue decomposition can also be applied to a matrix of indices of bivariate phase synchronization strength . The resulting method is able to identify clusters of synchronized oscillators , and to quantify their strength as well as the degree of involvement of an oscillator in a cluster . Since for the case of a single cluster the method gives similar results as our previous approach , it can be seen as a generalized Synchronization Cluster Analysis , extending its field of application to more complex situations . The performance of the method is tested by applying it to simulation data .
0706.3403	physics.comp-ph	Border trees of complex networks	The comprehensive characterization of the structure of complex networks is essential to understand the dynamical processes which guide their evolution . The discovery of the scale-free distribution and the small world property of real networks were fundamental to stimulate more realistic models and to understand some dynamical processes such as network growth . However , properties related to the network borders ( nodes with degree equal to one ) , one of its most fragile parts , remain little investigated and understood . The border nodes may be involved in the evolution of structures such as geographical networks . Here we analyze complex networks by looking for border trees , which are defined as the subgraphs without cycles connected to the remainder of the network ( containing cycles ) and terminating into border nodes . In addition to describing an algorithm for identification of such tree subgraphs , we also consider a series of their measurements , including their number of vertices , number of leaves , and depth . We investigate the properties of border trees for several theoretical models as well as real-world networks .
0706.3427	physics.optics physics.bio-ph	Dose , exposure time , and resolution in Serial X-ray Crystallography	The resolution of X-ray diffraction microscopy is limited by the maximum dose that can be delivered prior to sample damage . In the proposed Serial Crystallography method , the damage problem is addressed by distributing the total dose over many identical hydrated macromolecules running continuously in a single-file train across a continuous X-ray beam , and resolution is then limited only by the available molecular and X-ray fluxes and molecular alignment . Orientation of the diffracting molecules is achieved by laser alignment . We evaluate the incident X-ray fluence ( energy/area ) required to obtain a given resolution from ( 1 ) an analytical model , giving the count rate at the maximum scattering angle for a model protein , ( 2 ) explicit simulation of diffraction patterns for a GroEL-GroES protein complex , and ( 3 ) the frequency cut off of the transfer function following iterative solution of the phase problem , and reconstruction of an electron density map in the projection approximation . These calculations include counting shot noise and multiple starts of the phasing algorithm . The results indicate counting time and the number of proteins needed within the beam at any instant for a given resolution and X-ray flux . We confirm an inverse fourth power dependence of exposure time on resolution , with important implications for all coherent X-ray imaging . We find that multiple single-file protein beams will be needed for sub-nanometer resolution on current third generation synchrotrons , but not on fourth generation designs , where reconstruction of secondary protein structure at a resolution of 0.7 nm should be possible with short exposures .
