0712.2047	physics.flu-dyn physics.bio-ph	A geometric theory of swimming : Purcell 's swimmer and its symmetrized cousin	We develop a qualitative geometric approach to swimming at low Reynolds number which avoids solving differential equations and uses instead landscape figures of two notions of curvatures : The swimming curvature and the curvature derived from dissipation . This approach gives complete information for swimmers that swim on a line without rotations and gives the main qualitative features for general swimmers that can also rotate . We illustrate this approach for a symmetric version of Purcell 's swimmer which we solve by elementary analytical means within slender body theory . We then apply the theory to derive the basic qualitative properties of Purcell 's swimmer .
0712.2089	physics.optics nlin.PS	Highly-asymmetric soliton complexes in parabolic optical lattices	We introduce multipole soliton complexes in optical lattices induced by nondiffracting parabolic beams . Despite the symmetry-breaking dictated by the curvature of the lattice channels , we find that complex , asymmetric higher-order states can be stable . The unique topology of parabolic lattices affords new types of soliton motion : single solitons launched into the lattice with nonzero transverse momentum perform periodic oscillations along parabolic paths .
0712.2114	physics.atom-ph	The Uehling correction in muonic atoms exactly in Z\alpha	The Uehling correction to the energy levels is presented in terms of the hypergeometric functions 2F1 . This presentation allows to derived various asymptotics and approximations . Further applications of this method to other atomic characteristics are also considered .
0712.2127	physics.plasm-ph physics.comp-ph	Spatial coupling of particle and fluid models for streamers : where nonlocality matters	Particle models for streamer ionization fronts contain correct electron energy distributions , runaway effects and single electron statistics . Conventional fluid models are computationally much more efficient for large particle numbers , but create too low ionization densities in high fields . To combine their respective advantages , we here show how to couple both models in space . We confirm that the discrepancies between particle and fluid fronts arise from the steep electron density gradients in the leading edge of the fronts . We find the optimal position for the interface between models that minimizes computational effort and reproduces the results of a pure particle model .
0712.2149	physics.comp-ph physics.space-ph	GEANT4 and CREME96 comparison using only proton fluxes	CREME96 and GEANT4 are two well known particle transport codes through matter in space science . We present a comparison between the proton fluxes outgoing from an aluminium target , obtained by using both tools . The primary proton flux is obtained by CREME96 only , covering an energy range from MeV to hundreds GeV with the same result in both cases . We studied different thickness targets and two different GEANT4 physics lists in order to show how the spectra of the outgoing proton fluxes are modified . Our findings show consistent agreement of simulation data by each tool , with regards both GEANT4 physics lists and every thickness target analysed .
0712.2152	physics.flu-dyn	Analysis of vibration impact on stability of dewetting thin liquid film	Dynamics of a thin dewetting liquid film on a vertically oscillating substrate is considered . We assume moderate vibration frequency and large ( compared to the mean film thickness ) vibration amplitude . Using the lubrication approximation and the averaging method , we formulate the coupled sets of equations governing the pulsatile and the averaged fluid flows in the film , and then derive the nonlinear amplitude equation for the averaged film thickness . We show that there exists a window in the frequency-amplitude domain where the parametric and shear-flow instabilities of the pulsatile flow do not emerge . As a consequence , in this window the averaged description is reasonable and the amplitude equation holds . The linear and nonlinear analyses of the amplitude equation and the numerical computations show that such vibration stabilizes the film against dewetting and rupture .
0712.2157	physics.soc-ph physics.gen-ph	Vehicular traffic flow at a non-signalised intersection	We have developed a modified Nagel-Schreckenberg cellular automata model for describing a conflicting vehicular traffic flow at the intersection of two streets . No traffic lights control the traffic flow . The approaching cars to the intersection yield to each other to avoid collision . Closed boundary condition is applied to the streets . Extensive Monte Carlo simulations is taken into account to find the model characteristics . In particular , we obtain the fundamental diagrams and show that the effect of interaction of two streets can be regarded as a dynamic impurity located at the intersection point . Our results suggest that yielding mechanism gives rise to a high total flow throughout the intersection especially in the low density regime . In some ranges of densities , yielding mechanism even improves and regulates the flow in comparison to the absence of perpendicular flow .
0712.2179	physics.ins-det	Study of GEM-like detectors with resistive electrodes for RICH applications	We have developed prototypes of GEM-like detectors with resistive electrodes to be used as RICH photodetectors equipped with CsI photocathodes . The main advantages of these detectors are their intrinsic spark protection and possibility to operate at high gain ( ~10E5 ) in many gases including poorly quenched ones , allowing for the adoption of windowless configurations in which the radiator gas is also used in the chamber . Results of systematic studies of the resistive GEMs combined with CsI photocathodes are presented : its quantum efficiency , rate characteristics , long-term stability , etc . On the basis of the obtained results , we believe that the new detector will be a promising candidate for upgrading the ALICE RICH detector
0712.2189	physics.plasm-ph	Towards Control of Steady State Plasma on Tore Supra	The Tore Supra tokamak is the largest superconducting magnetic fusion facility , has been devoted to long-duration high-performance discharge research . With a steady-state magnetic field and water cooled plasma facing components , discharges up to 6 minutes 24 seconds duration with injected / extracted energy up to 1 GJ have been performed . The Tore Supra real time measurements and control ( RTMC ) system has been upgraded to address schemes dedicated to long pulse operation with simultaneous control of an increasing number of plasma parameters . This includes plasma equilibrium control with possible self calibration during the discharge , plasma density control with possible pellet injection , current profile control to avoid magneto-hydrodynamic ( MHD ) instabilities and infrared monitoring of plasma facing components preventing overheating . Most of these improvements are relevant to the tokamaks operation in a fully steady state regime .
0712.2222	physics.hist-ph physics.gen-ph	Geometry as an object of experience : Kant and the missed debate between Poincar\'e and Einstein	Poincar\'e held the view that geometry is a convention and can not be tested experimentally . This position was apparently refuted by the general theory of relativity and the successful confirmation of its predictions ; unfortunately , Poincar\'e did not live to defend his thesis . In this paper , I argue that : 1 ) Contrary to what many authors have claimed , non-euclidean geometries do not rule out Kant 's thesis that space is a form of intuition given { \it a priori } ; on the contrary , Euclidean geometry is the condition for the possibility of any more general geometry . 2 ) The conception of space-time as a Riemannian manifold is an extremely ingenious way to describe the gravitational field , but , as shown by Utiyama in 1956 , general relativity is actually the gauge theory associated to the Lorentz group . Utiyama 's approach does not rely on the assumption that space-time is curved , though the equations of the gauge theory are identical to those of general relativity . Thus , following Poincar\'e , it can be claimed that it is only a matter of convention to describe the gravitational field as a Riemannian manifold or as a gauge field in Euclidean space .
0712.2257	physics.flu-dyn physics.ed-ph	On the sound of snapping shrimp	Fluid dynamics video : Snapping shrimp produce a snapping sound by an extremely rapid closure of their snapper claw . Our high speed imaging of the claw closure has revealed that the sound is generated by the collapse of a cavitation bubble formed in a fast flowing water jet forced out from the claws during claw closure . The produced sound originates from the cavitation collapse of the bubble . At collapse a short flash of light is emitted , just as in single bubble sonoluminescence . A model based on the Rayleigh-Plesset equation can quantitatively account for the visual and acoustical observations .
0712.2278	physics.chem-ph	Carbon in the trigonal prismatic environment of rheniums complexes	The electronic state of carbon in trigonal prismatic environment of rheniums was studied with electron localization function and was shown to be characterized by sp2 hybridisation and oxidation state minus 4 .
