0801.0222	physics.comp-ph physics.data-an	Divide and concur : A general approach to constraint satisfaction	Many difficult computational problems involve the simultaneous satisfaction of multiple constraints which are individually easy to satisfy . Such problems occur in diffractive imaging , protein folding , constrained optimization ( e.g. , spin glasses ) , and satisfiability testing . We present a simple geometric framework to express and solve such problems and apply it to two benchmarks . In the first application ( 3SAT , a boolean satisfaction problem ) , the resulting method exhibits similar performance scaling as a leading context-specific algorithm ( walksat ) . In the second application ( sphere packing ) , the method allowed us to find improved solutions to some old and well-studied optimization problems . Based upon its simplicity and observed efficiency , we argue that this framework provides a competitive alternative to stochastic methods such as simulated annealing .
0801.0241	physics.optics	From Positive- to Negative-Index Materials : Transitional Phenomena	Electromagnetic field propagation through a transition layer between the positive-index and negative-index materials with linearly changing dielectric permittivity and magnetic permeability was investigated . It is shown that at oblique incidence , the components of both TE- and TM-waves exhibit singular behavior in the vicinity of the point where both dielectric permittivity and magnetic permeability are equal to zero . In this case , finite dissipation of electromagnetic field energy takes place even at infinitesimally small values of losses . These results are applicable to a broader class of inhomogeneous metamaterials and may provide a new platform for the realization of low intensity nonlinear optics in metamaterials .
0801.0245	physics.gen-ph gr-qc hep-th physics.hist-ph	Our Place in a Vast Universe	Scientists have measured that what we can see of space is about a billion billion billion billion billion billion billion billion billion ( 10^81 ) times the volume of an average human . Inflationary theory suggests that the entirety of space is vastly larger . Quantum theory suggests that there are very many different copies of space of the same basic kind as ours ( same laws of physics ) . String theory further suggests that there may be many different kinds of space . This whole collection of googolplexes of galaxies within each of googolplexes of different spaces within each of googols of kinds of space makes up an enormously vast universe or multiverse or holocosm . Human beings seem to be an incredibly small part of this universe in terms of physical size . Yet in other ways , we may still be a very significant part of our vast universe .
0801.0247	physics.gen-ph hep-th	Scientific and Philosophical Challenges to Theism	Modern science developed within a culture of Judeo-Christian theism , and science and theism have generally supported each other . However , there are certainly areas in both science and religion that puzzle me . Here I outline some puzzles that have arisen for me concerning everlasting life , human free will , divine free will , the simplicity and probability of God , the problem of evil , and the converse problem of elegance .
