0708.3473	physics.plasm-ph physics.flu-dyn	Geodesic plasma flows instabilities of Riemann twisted solar loops	Riemann and sectional curvatures of magnetic twisted flux tubes in Riemannian manifold are computed to investigate the stability of the plasma astrophysical tubes . The geodesic equations are used to show that in the case of thick magnetic tubes , the curvature of planar ( Frenet torsion-free ) tubes have the effect ct of damping the flow speed along the tube . Stability of geodesic flows in the Riemannian twisted thin tubes ( almost filaments ) , against constant radial perturbations is investigated by using the method of negative sectional curvature for unstable flows . No special form of the flow like Beltrami flows is admitted , and the proof is general for the case of thin magnetic flux tubes . In the magnetic equilibrium state , the twist of the tube is shown to display also a damping effect on the toroidal velocity of the plasma flow . It is found that for positive perturbations and angular speed of the flow , instability is achieved , since the sectional Ricci curvature of the magnetic twisted tube metric is negative . Solar flare production may appear from these geometrical instabilities of the twisted solar loops .
0708.3487	physics.ed-ph	Threadbare Parallel Port DAQ Card	A very simple Data acquisition card was developed in our under-graduate class for interfacing with the parallel port of a standard computer . It was developed with the intention to enable students to do various physics experiments with the computer sparing them from knowing the details of the electronics required . The article is a summary of our experience and ends with a request for suggestions to improve the circuit without losing its simplicity .
0708.3498	physics.ed-ph	Voltage Controlled Resistance	The paper discusses an application of the field effected transistor ( FET ) as a voltage controlled resistance which can be done in under-graduate labs either as a routine experiment or as a project .
0708.3501	physics.gen-ph	The Meaning Of The Fine Structure Constant	A possible explanation is offered for the longstanding mystery surrounding the meaning of the fine structure constant . The reasoning is based on a discrete self-similar cosmological paradigm that has shown promise in explaining the general scaling properties of nature 's global hierarchy . The discrete scale invariance of the paradigm implies that `` strong gravity '' governs gravitational interactions within atomic scale systems . Given the revised gravitational coupling constant and Planck mass , one can demonstrate that the fine structure constant is the ratio of the strengths of the unit electromagnetic interaction and the unit gravitational interaction within atomic scale systems . [ Abridged ]
0708.3525	physics.gen-ph	Gauge invariance and time symmetry breaking	Employing an arbitrary velocity gauge transformation this contribution argues that the breaking of time symmetry is a natural consequence of irreversibility .
0708.3527	physics.ed-ph physics.pop-ph physics.soc-ph	Science-Based Comparative Culture : A New Theme of Experiment for Freshmen in Tohoku University	In 2004 , Tohoku University created a new introductory science experimental course for freshmen . The course is a compulsory subject for students in all natural science fields . The course is not designed for a professional education , but as a liberal education , in which students are trained to become familiar with nature and to discover natural laws for themselves . We present here one of 12 themes - `` science and culture : vibration of string instrument and music '' , in which we expect students to study two aspects : 1 ) the universality of natural laws and 2 ) the variety of value judgments from the evidence .
0708.3532	physics.comp-ph cond-mat.mtrl-sci physics.class-ph	Three-dimensional multi-mesh material point method for solving collision problems	Contact algorithm between different bodies plays an important role in solving collision problems . Usually it is not easy to be treated very well . Several ones for material point method were proposed by Bardenhangen , Brackbill , and Sulsky\cite { Bardenhagen2000 , Bardenhagen2001 } , Hu and Chen\cite { Hu_Chen2003 } . An improved one for three-dimensional material point method is presented in this paper . The improved algorithm emphasizes the energy conservation of the system and faithfully recovers opposite acting forces between contacting bodies . Contrasted to the one by Bardenhagen , both the normal and tangential contacting forces are more appropriately applied to the contacting bodies via the contacting nodes of the background mesh ; Contrasted to the one by Hu and Chen , not only the tangential velocities but also the normal ones are handled separately in respective individual mesh . This treatment ensures not only the contact/sliding/separation procedure but also the friction between contacting bodies are recovered . The presented contact algorithm is validated via numerical experiments including rolling simulation , impact of elastic spheres , impact of a Taylor bar and impact of plastic spheres . The numerical results show that the multi-mesh material point method with the improved contact algorithm is more suitable for solving collision problems .
