0709.2479	physics.data-an	Electron/Photon identification in ATLAS and CMS	Recent studies in ATLAS and CMS experiments for the reconstruction and identification of electrons and photons using full Monte Carlo and testbeam data are reported
0709.2484	physics.class-ph	Effect of Motion of the Reference Frame on Geometrical Form of the Line of Monopole Singularity	The monopole singularity string , infinite direct line in the rest reference frame , is considered as a rigid physical line , and behavior of its geometrical form under the Lorentz transformations is studied . The method to test the form of any rigid line or surface in relativistical terms is based on the use of light signals emitted from the origin of the reference frame . Influence of the motion of the reference frame on the form of singularity line is as follows : ( 1 ) in general case , when the line does not go through the origin of the rest reference frame the line in the moving reference frame becomes a hyperbola ; ( 2 ) in the special case , when the line of singularity goes through the origin of the rest reference frame , the line in the moving reference preserves its form only modified by the relativistical aberration effect .
0709.2486	physics.gen-ph	Field equations of electromagnetic and gravitational fields	The paper studies the validity of Maxwell equation in the case for coexistence of electromagnetic field and gravitational field . With the algebra of quaternions , the Newton 's law of gravitation is the same as that in classical theory of gravitational field . Meanwhile the Maxwell equation is identical with that in classical theory of electromagnetic field . And the related conclusions can be spread to the case for coexistence of electromagnetic field and gravitational field by the algebra of octonions . The study claims that Maxwell equation keeps unchanged in the case for coexistence of gravitational field and electromagnetic field , except for the direction of displacement current .
0709.2516	physics.ins-det	Calice Si-W EM Calorimeter : Preliminary Results of the Testbeams 2006	The CALICE Si-W electromagnetic calorimeter has been tested with electron beams ( 1 to 6 GeV ) at DESY in May 2006 , as well as electrons ( 6 to 45 GeV ) and hadrons ( 6 to 80 GeV ) at CERN in August and October 2006 . Several millions of events have been taken at different incident angles and three beam impact positions . The ECAL calibration is performed with muon beams and shows a good uniformity for nearly all channels . The large statistics available allows not only to characterise the ECAL physics performance , but also to identify subtle hardware effects .
0709.2522	physics.comp-ph	Activating Mg acceptors in AlN by oxygen : first principles calculations	First principles calculations based on density functional theory ( DFT ) are performed to study the electronic properties of Mg acceptors in AlN at the presence of oxygen . It is found that Mg and O tend to form complexes like Mg-O , Mg $ _2 $ -O , Mg $ _3 $ -O and Mg $ _4 $ -O which have activation energies about 0.23 eV lower than that of Mg ( except of the passive Mg-O ) . The lower activation energies originate from the extra states over valence band top of AlN induced by the passive Mg-O . By comparing to the well-established case of GaN , it is possible to fabricate Mg and O codoped AlN without MgO precipitate . These results suggest the possibility of achieving higher hole concentration in AlN by Mg and O codoping .
