0707.1093	physics.chem-ph physics.bio-ph	Balancing Local Order and Long-Ranged Interactions in the Molecular Theory of Liquid Water	A molecular theory of liquid water is identified and studied on the basis of computer simulation of the TIP3P model of liquid water . This theory would be exact for models of liquid water in which the intermolecular interactions vanish outside a finite spatial range , and therefore provides a precise analysis tool for investigating the effects of longer-ranged intermolecular interactions . We show how local order can be introduced through quasi-chemical theory . Long-ranged interactions are characterized generally by a conditional distribution of binding energies , and this formulation is interpreted as a regularization of the primitive statistical thermodynamic problem . These binding-energy distributions for liquid water are observed to be unimodal . The gaussian approximation proposed is remarkably successful in predicting the Gibbs free energy and the molar entropy of liquid water , as judged by comparison with numerically exact results . The remaining discrepancies are subtle quantitative problems that do have significant consequences for the thermodynamic properties that distinguish water from many other liquids . The basic subtlety of liquid water is found then in the competition of several effects which must be quantitatively balanced for realistic results .
0707.1096	physics.gen-ph	Study on the energy criterion of cuprate superconductivity	In this paper , we use the variation of spontaneous magnetization to describe the influence of electron holes in cuprate superconductors , and use competitive energy relations to explore the superconductivity rule and energy criterion , on this basis , we can deduce a clear physical image of superconducting phase diagram and superconducting mechanism .
0707.1100	physics.comp-ph	Efficiency of navigation in indexed networks	We investigate efficient methods for packets to navigate in complex networks . The packets are assumed to have memory , but no previous knowledge of the graph . We assume the graph to be indexed , i.e . every vertex is associated with a number ( accessible to the packets ) between one and the size of the graph . We test different schemes to assign indices and utilize them in packet navigation . Four different network models with very different topological characteristics are used for testing the schemes . We find that one scheme outperform the others , and has an efficiency close to the theoretical optimum . We discuss the use of indexed-graph navigation in peer-to-peer networking and other distributed information systems .
0707.1112	physics.class-ph physics.optics	On the boundary-value problems and the validity of the Post constraint in modern electromagnetism	We recall that the theory of electromagnetism consists of three building blocks : ( a ) the inhomogeneous Maxwell equations for the electric and magnetic excitations $ ( D , H ) $ ( which reflects charge conservation ) , ( b ) the homogeneous Maxwell equations for the electric and magnetic field strengths $ ( E , B ) $ ( which reflects flux conservation ) , and ( c ) the constitutive relation between $ ( D , H ) $ and $ ( E , B ) $ . In the recent paper \cite { Lakhtakia1 } , Lakhtakia proposed to change the standard boundary conditions in electrodynamics in order to exclude certain constitutive parameters . We show that this is inadmissible both from the macroscopic and the microscopic points of view .
0707.1121	physics.comp-ph physics.plasm-ph	An iterative semi-implicit scheme with robust damping	An efficient , iterative semi-implicit ( SI ) numerical method for the time integration of stiff wave systems is presented . Physics-based assumptions are used to derive a convergent iterative formulation of the SI scheme which enables the monitoring and control of the error introduced by the SI operator . This iteration essentially turns a semi-implicit method into a fully implicit method . Accuracy , rather than stability , determines the timestep . The scheme is second-order accurate and shown to be equivalent to a simple preconditioning method . We show how the diffusion operators can be handled so as to yield the property of robust damping , i.e. , dissipating the solution at all values of the parameter $ \mathcal D\dt $ , where $ \mathcal D $ is a diffusion operator and $ \dt $ the timestep . The overall scheme remains second-order accurate even if the advection and diffusion operators do not commute . In the limit of no physical dissipation , and for a linear test wave problem , the method is shown to be symplectic . The method is tested on the problem of Kinetic Alfv\'en wave mediated magnetic reconnection . A Fourier ( pseudo-spectral ) representation is used . A 2-field gyrofluid model is used and an efficacious k-space SI operator for this problem is demonstrated . CPU speed-up factors over a CFL-limited explicit algorithm ranging from $ \sim20 $ to several hundreds are obtained , while accurately capturing the results of an explicit integration . Possible extension of these results to a real-space ( grid ) discretization is discussed .
