0711.3064	physics.optics	Optical Bloch oscillations in periodic structures with metamaterials	We predict that optical Bloch oscillations can be observed in layered structures with left-handed metamaterials and zero average refractive index where the layer thickness varies linearly across the structure . We demonstrate a new type of the Bloch oscillations associated with coupled surface waves excited at the interfaces between the layers with left-handed material and conventional dielectric .
0711.3068	physics.soc-ph	Playing The Hypothesis Testing Minority Game In The Maximal Reduced Strategy Space	Hypothesis Testing Minority Game ( HMG ) is a variant of the standard Minority Game ( MG ) that models the inertial behavior of agents in the market . In the earlier study of our group , we find that agents cooperate better in HMG than in the standard MG when strategies are picked from the full strategy space . Here we continue to study the behavior of HMG when strategies are chosen from the maximal reduced strategy space . Surprisingly , we find that , unlike the standard MG , the level of cooperation in HMG depends strongly on the strategy space used . In addition , a novel intermittency dynamics is also observed in the minority choice time series in a certain parameter range in which the orderly phases are characterized by a variety of periodic dynamics . Remarkably , all these findings can be explained by the crowd-anticrowd theory .
0711.3080	physics.gen-ph hep-ph	Complex Action , Prearrangement for Future and Higgs Broadening	We develop some formalism which is very general Feynman path integral in the case of the action which is allowed to be complex . The major point is that the effect of the imaginary part of the action ( mainly ) is to determine which solution to the equations of motion gets realized . We can therefore look at the model as a unification of the equations of motion and the `` initial conditions '' . We have already earlier argued for some features matching well with cosmology coming out of the model . A Hamiltonian formalism is put forward , but it still has to have an extra factor in the probability of a certain measurement result involving the time after the measurement time . A special effect to be discussed is a broadening of the width of the Higgs particle . We reach crudely a changed Breit-Wigner formula that is a normalized square root of the originally expected one
0711.3092	physics.hist-ph	Frisch , Muller and Belot on an Inconsistency in Classical Electrodynamics	This paper follows up a recent debate as to whether classical electrodynamics is inconsistent . I suggest that disagreements can be managed by disambiguating 'theory ' in two different ways .
0711.3097	physics.optics	Directive Emission from Defect-Free Dodecagonal Photonic Quasicrystals : A Leaky-Wave Characterization	In this paper , we study the radiation from embedded sources in two-dimensional finite-size `` photonic-quasicrystal '' ( PQC ) slabs made of dielectric rods arranged according to a 12-fold symmetric aperiodic tiling . The results from our investigation , based on rigorous full-wave simulations , show the possibility of achieving broadside radiation at multiple frequencies , with high-directivity ( e.g. , 15 dB ) and low-sidelobes ( e.g. , -12 dB ) . We also show that leaky waves are supported by a PQC slab , and that the beamwidth is directly proportional to the leaky-wave attenuation constant , which provides a physically-incisive interpretation of the observed radiation characteristics .
0711.3121	physics.atom-ph	Evidence of triple collision dynamics in partial photo-ionisation cross sections of helium	Experimental results on partial photo-ionisation cross sections of helium are analysed in the light of recent advances in the semiclassical theory of two-electron atoms . Byun et al ( arXiv : physics/0701086 ) predict that the total photo-ionisation cross section below the double-ionisation threshold can , semiclassically , be described in terms of contributions associated with classical orbits starting and ending in the triple collision . The necessary modifications of the semiclassical theory for partial cross sections is developed here . It is argued that partial cross sections are also dominated by the triple collision dynamics . The expected semiclassical contributions can be identified in the Fourier transformation of the experimental data . This clearly demonstrates for the first time the validity of the basic assumptions made in Byun et al . Our findings explain furthermore in a natural way the self-similar structures observed in cross section signals for different channel numbers .
0711.3130	physics.gen-ph	There is no axiomatic system for the quantum theory	Recently , [ arXiv:0810.3134 ] is accepted and published . We derive an inequality with two settings as tests for the existence of the Bloch sphere in a spin-1/2 system . The probability theory of measurement outcome within the formalism of von Neumann projective measurement violates the inequality . Namely , we have to give up the existence of the Bloch sphere . Or , we have to give up the probability theory of measurement outcome within the formalism of von Neumann projective measurement . Hence it turns out that there is a contradiction in the Hilbert space formalism of the quantum theory , viz. , there is no axiomatic system for the theory .
0711.3132	physics.atom-ph cond-mat.mes-hall	A 2D nanosphere array for atomic spectroscopy	We are interested in the spectroscopic behaviour of a gas confined in a micrometric or even nanometric volume . Such a situation could be encountered by the filling-up of a porous medium , such as a photonic crystal , with an atomic gas . Here , we discuss the first step of this program , with the generation and characterization of a self-organized 2D film of nanospheres of silica . We show that an optical characterization by laser light diffraction permits to extract some information on the array structure and represents an interesting complement to electron microscopy .
0711.3153	physics.gen-ph	Induction of nuclear fission by high-voltage application	In nuclear power generation , fissile materials are mainly used . For example , $ U^ { 235 } $ is fissile and therefore quite essential for use of nuclear energy . However , the material $ U^ { 235 } $ has very small natural abundance less than 1 % . We should seek possibility of utilizing fissionable materials such as $ U^ { 238 } $ because natural abundance of such fissionable materials is generally much larger than fissile ones . In this paper , we show that thermal neutrons with vanishing kinetic energy can induce nuclear fission when high voltage is applied to fissionable materials . To obtain this result , we use the liquid-drop model for nuclei . Finally , we propose how fissionable materials can be utilized .
0711.3167	physics.gen-ph	The string string theorists forgot to notice	A conjecture formulated by Henri Poincare in 1912 suggests that Max Planck's elementary quantum of action constitutes an authentic `` atom of motion '' . When the conjecture is implemented , the resulting entity , the xon , becomes `` the string string theorists forgot to notice '' . If a string exists in Nature , then string theoretical research should be pursued .
0711.3190	physics.acc-ph physics.optics	Three-dimensional dielectric photonic crystal structures for laser-driven acceleration	We present the design and simulation of a three-dimensional photonic crystal waveguide for linear laser-driven acceleration in vacuum . The structure confines a synchronous speed-of-light accelerating mode in both transverse dimensions . We report the properties of this mode , including sustainable gradient and optical-to-beam efficiency . We present a novel method for confining a particle beam using optical fields as focusing elements . This technique , combined with careful structure design , is shown to have a large dynamic aperture and minimal emittance growth , even over millions of optical wavelengths .
0711.3199	physics.soc-ph physics.comp-ph	Analyzing and Modeling Real-World Phenomena with Complex Networks : A Survey of Applications	The success of new scientific areas can be assessed by their potential for contributing to new theoretical approaches and in applications to real-world problems . Complex networks have fared extremely well in both of these aspects , with their sound theoretical basis developed over the years and with a variety of applications . In this survey , we analyze the applications of complex networks to real-world problems and data , with emphasis in representation , analysis and modeling , after an introduction to the main concepts and models . A diversity of phenomena are surveyed , which may be classified into no less than 22 areas , providing a clear indication of the impact of the field of complex networks .
0711.3203	physics.chem-ph physics.optics	Theory of x-ray absorption by laser-aligned symmetric-top molecules	We devise a theory of x-ray absorption by symmetric-top molecules which are aligned by an intense optical laser . Initially , the density matrix of the system is composed of the electronic ground state of the molecules and a thermal ensemble of rigid-rotor eigenstates . We formulate equations of motion of the two-color ( laser plus x rays ) rotational-electronic problem . The interaction with the laser is assumed to be nonresonant ; it is described by an electric dipole polarizability tensor . X-ray absorption is approximated as a one-photon process . It is shown that the equations can be separated such that the interaction with the laser can be treated independently of the x rays . The laser-only density matrix is propagated numerically . After each time step , the x-ray absorption is calculated . We apply our theory to study adiabatic alignment of bromine molecules ( Br2 ) . The required dynamic polarizabilities are determined using the ab initio linear response methods coupled-cluster singles ( CCS ) , second-order approximate coupled-cluster singles and doubles ( CC2 ) , and coupled-cluster singles and doubles ( CCSD ) . For the description of x-ray absorption on the sigma_g 1s -- > sigma_u 4p resonance , a parameter-free two-level model is used for the electronic structure of the molecules . Our theory opens up novel perspectives for the quantum control of x-ray radiation .
0711.3217	physics.ins-det	The ATLAS High Level Trigger Region of Interest Builder	This article describes the design , testing and production of the ATLAS Region of Interest Builder ( RoIB ) . This device acts as an interface between the Level 1 trigger and the high level trigger ( HLT ) farm for the ATLAS LHC detector . It distributes all of the level 1 data for a subset of events to a small number of ( 16 or less ) individual commodity processors . These processors in turn provide this information to the HLT . This allows the HLT to use the level 1 information to narrow data requests to areas of the detector where level 1 has identified interesting objects .
0711.3238	physics.atom-ph	Suppression of molecular decay in ultracold gases without Fermi statistics	We study inelastic processes for ultracold three-body systems in which only one interaction is resonant . We have found that the decay rates for weakly bound molecules due to collisions with other atoms can be suppressed not only without fermionic statistics but also when bosonic statistics applies . In addition , we show that at ultracold temperatures three-body recombination involving a single resonant pair of atoms leads mainly to formation of weakly bound molecules which , in turn , are stable against decay . These results indicate that recombination in three-component atomic gases can be used as an efficient mechanism for molecular formation , allowing the achievement of high molecular densities .
0711.3256	physics.class-ph math-ph math.MP physics.ed-ph physics.pop-ph	In-situ observation of a soap film catenoid - a simple educational physics experiment	The solution to the Euler-Lagrange equation is an extremal functional.To understand that the functional is stationary at local extrema ( maxima or minima ) , we propose a physics experiment that involves using soap film to form a catenoid . A catenoid is a surface that is formed between two coaxial circular rings and is classified mathematically as a minimal surface.Using soap film , we create catenoids between two rings and characterize the catenoid in-situ while varying distance between rings . The shape of the soap film is very interesting and can be explained using dynamic mechanics . By observing catenoid , physics students can observe local extrema phenomena . We stress that in-situ observation of soap film catenoids is an appropriate physics experiment that combines theory and experimentation .
