0705.1412	physics.geo-ph astro-ph physics.flu-dyn	Rapidly rotating spherical Couette flow in a dipolar magnetic field : an experimental study of the mean axisymmetric flow	In order to explore the magnetostrophic regime expected for planetary cores , experiments have been conducted in a rotating sphere filled with liquid sodium , with an imposed dipolar magnetic field ( the DTS setup ) . The field is produced by a permanent magnet enclosed in an inner sphere , which can rotate at a separate rate , producing a spherical Couette flow . The flow properties are investigated by measuring electric potentials on the outer sphere , the induced magnetic field in the laboratory frame , and velocity profiles inside the liquid sodium using ultrasonic Doppler velocimetry . The present article focuses on the time-averaged axisymmetric part of the flow . The Doppler profiles show that the angular velocity of the fluid is relatively uniform in most of the fluid shell , but rises near the inner sphere , revealing the presence of a magnetic wind , and gently drops towards the outer sphere . The transition from a magnetostrophic flow near the inner sphere to a geostrophic flow near the outer sphere is controlled by the local Elsasser number . For Rossby numbers up to order 1 , the observed velocity profiles all show a similar shape . Numerical simulations in the linear regime are computed , and synthetic velocity profiles are compared with the measured ones . In the geostrophic region , a torque-balance model provides very good predictions . We find that the induced magnetic field varies in a consistent fashion , and displays a peculiar peak in the counter-rotating regime . This happens when the fluid rotation rate is almost equal and opposite to the outer sphere rotation rate . The fluid is then almost at rest in the laboratory frame , and the Proudman-Taylor constraint vanishes , enabling a strong meridional flow . We suggest that dynamo action might be favored in such a situation .
0705.1426	physics.optics	Dynamics of light propagation in spatiotemporal dielectric structures	Propagation , transmission and reflection properties of linearly polarized plane waves and arbitrarily short electromagnetic pulses in one-dimensional dispersionless dielectric media possessing an arbitrary space-time dependence of the refractive index are studied by using a two-component , highly symmetric version of Maxwell 's equations . The use of any slow varying amplitude approximation is avoided . Transfer matrices of sharp nonstationary interfaces are calculated explicitly , together with the amplitudes of all secondary waves produced in the scattering . Time-varying multilayer structures and spatiotemporal lenses in various configurations are investigated analytically and numerically in a unified approach . Several new effects are reported , such as pulse compression , broadening and spectral manipulation of pulses by a spatiotemporal lens , and the closure of the forbidden frequency gaps with the subsequent opening of wavenumber bandgaps in a generalized Bragg reflector .
0705.1448	physics.optics	On convergence of the extended strong-property-fluctuation theory for bianisotropic homogenized composites	The strong-property-fluctuation theory ( SPFT ) provides a sophisticated means of estimating the effective constitutive parameters of a homogenized composite material ( HCM ) , which takes account of the statistical distribution of the component particles . We present an extended version of the third-order SPFT in which the component particles are represented as depolarization regions of nonzero volume . Numerical results are provided for a bianisotropic homogenization scenario wherein the HCM is a Faraday chiral medium . Thereby , convergence of the extended SPFT at the second-order level of approximation is demonstrated within the long-wavelength regime .
0705.1462	physics.optics	Design of the photonic crystal demultiplexers for ultra-short optical pulses using the gap-maps analysis	In the work , the new method for the design of the wavelength division multiplexer on the basis of 2D photonic crystal integrated circuit for the ultra-short pulses channel separation is proposed and investigated . The method is based on the analysis of full photonic bandgap maps that allows defining the ultra-short pulse demultiplexer parameters selection . For the method approbation , there was synthesized the device in which the wideband filters are used for the channel separation . As it was expected , the device effectively separates 50 fs pulse channels with 1.31 and 1.55 microns wavelengths . The obtained spectral characteristics and pulse pattern responses validate the efficiency of the proposed method and the applicability of such devices to the integrated photonic information processing circuits .
0705.1475	physics.soc-ph	Statistical significance of rich-club phenomena in complex networks	We propose that the rich-club phenomena in complex networks should be defined in the spirit of bootstrapping , in which a null model is adopted to assess the statistical significance of the rich-club detected . Our method can be served as a definition of rich-club phenomenon and is applied to analyzing three real networks and three model networks . The results improve significantly compared with previously reported results . We report a dilemma with an exceptional example , showing that there does not exist an omnipotent definition for the rich-club phenomenon .
0705.1479	physics.atom-ph	Accumulation of chromium metastable atoms into an Optical Trap	We report the fast accumulation of a large number of metastable 52Cr atoms in a mixed trap , formed by the superposition of a strongly confining optical trap and a quadrupolar magnetic trap . The steady state is reached after about 400 ms , providing a cloud of more than one million metastable atoms at a temperature of about 100 microK , with a peak density of 10^ { 18 } atoms.m^ { -3 } . We have optimized the loading procedure , and measured the light shift of the 5D4 state by analyzing how the trapped atoms respond to a parametric excitation . We compare this result to a theoretical evaluation based on the available spectroscopic data for chromium atoms .
0705.1484	physics.chem-ph physics.gen-ph	The First Law of Thermodynamics and the Thermodynamic Description of Elastic Solids	Historically , the thermodynamic behavior of gasses was described first and the derived equations were adapted to solids . It is suggested that the current thermodynamic description of solid phase is still incomplete because the isothermal work done on or by the system is not counted in the internal energy . It is also suggested that the isobaric work should not be deducted from the internal energy because the system does not do work when it expands . Further more it is suggested that Joule postulate regarding the mechanical equivalency of heat -the first law of thermodynamics- is not universal and not applicable to elastic solids . The equations for the proposed thermodynamic description of solids are derived and tested by calculating the internal energies of the system using the equation of state of MgO . The agreement with theory is good .
0705.1536	physics.optics	Refractometer for Tracking Changes in the Refractive Index of Air Near 780 nm	A new system , consisting of a double channel Fabry Perot etalon and laser diodes emitting around 780 nm is described and proposed to be used for air refractive index measurements . The principle of this refractometer is based on frequency measurements between optical laser sources . It permits quasi-instantaneous measurement with a resolution better than and uncertainty in the range . Some preliminary results on the stability of this system and the measurements of the refractive index of air with this apparatus are presented . The first measurements of the index of air at 780 nm are , within an experimental uncertainty of the order of , in agreement with the predicted values by the so-called revised Edl\'en equations . This result is to the best of our knowledge the first to extend to the near infra-red the validity of the revised Edl\'en equation derived for the wavelength range 350- 650 nm .
0705.1542	physics.comp-ph physics.flu-dyn	Descriptor approach for eliminating spurious eigenvalues in hydrodynamic equations	We describe a general framework for avoiding spurious eigenvalues -- unphysical unstable eigenvalues that often occur in hydrodynamic stability problems . In two example problems , we show that when system stability is analyzed numerically using { \em descriptor } notation , spurious eigenvalues are eliminated . Descriptor notation is a generalized eigenvalue formulation for differential-algebraic equations that explicitly retains algebraic constraints . We propose that spurious eigenvalues are likely to occur when algebraic constraints are used to analytically reduce the number of independent variables in a differential-algebraic system of equations before the system is approximated numerically . In contrast , the simple and easily generalizable descriptor framework simultaneously solves the differential equations and algebraic constraints and is well-suited to stability analysis in these systems .
0705.1569	physics.gen-ph	Dynamical 3-Space : Supernovae and the Hubble Expansion - Older Universe and End of Dark Energy	We apply the new dynamics of 3-space to cosmology by deriving a Hubble expansion solution . This dynamics involves two constants ; G and alpha - the fine structure constant . This solution gives an excellent parameter-free fit to the recent supernova and gamma-ray burst data without the need for `dark energy ' or `dark matter ' . The data and theory together imply an older age for the universe of some 14.7Gyrs . Various problems such as fine tuning , the event horizon problem etc are now resolved . A brief review discusses the origin of the 3-space dynamics and how that dynamics explained the bore hole anomaly , spiral galaxy flat rotation speeds , the masses of black holes in spherical galaxies , gravitational light bending and lensing , all without invoking `dark matter ' or `dark energy ' . These developments imply that a new understanding of the universe is now available .
