0710.1496	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech	Self-organizing , two-temperature Ising model describing human segregation	A two-temperature Ising-Schelling model is introduced and studied for describing human segregation . The self-organized Ising model with Glauber kinetics simulated by M\ '' uller et al . exhibits a phase transition between segregated and mixed phases mimicking the change of tolerance ( local temperature ) of individuals . The effect of external noise is considered here as a second temperature added to the decision of individuals who consider change of accommodation . A numerical evidence is presented for a discontinuous phase transition of the magnetization .
0710.1511	physics.data-an cs.CL physics.soc-ph	Demographic growth and the distribution of language sizes	It is argued that the present log-normal distribution of language sizes is , to a large extent , a consequence of demographic dynamics within the population of speakers of each language . A two-parameter stochastic multiplicative process is proposed as a model for the population dynamics of individual languages , and applied over a period spanning the last ten centuries . The model disregards language birth and death . A straightforward fitting of the two parameters , which statistically characterize the population growth rate , predicts a distribution of language sizes in excellent agreement with empirical data . Numerical simulations , and the study of the size distribution within language families , validate the assumptions at the basis of the model .
0710.1532	physics.gen-ph	A step towards the Analysis of the Influence of an electrical Field on the Propagation of Light	It is a matter of common knowledge that the field of gravitation influences the propagation of light , but the question to which extent electromagnetic fields do something similar is not completely answered . The birefringence caused by electric and magnetic fields is subject of several articles in Quantumelectrodynamics , but the absolute refractive index is discussed rather rarely . Some hypothetical considerations about the feasibility of an experiment to analyze the refractive index in electromagnetic fields were given in a former article by the same author . A first experimental test is reported now . Perhaps an evidence for an influence of an electric field on the refractive index was found , but the result is not reliable enough to claim already , that the influence was seen - but it should encourage to perform further measurements with different methods of higher precision .
0710.1578	physics.comp-ph cond-mat.mtrl-sci	Dynamical dimer method for the determination of transition states with ab initio molecular dynamics	A dynamical formulation of the dimer method for the determination of transition states is presented . The method is suited for ab-initio molecular dynamics using the fictitious Lagrangian formulation . The method has been applied to the con-rotatory ring opening of chloro-cyclo-butadiene , an example , where the application of the drag method is problematic .
0710.1592	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Scale-free Segregation in Transport Networks	Every route of a transport network approaching equilibrium can be represented by a vector of Euclidean space which length quantifies its segregation from the rest of the graph . We have empirically observed that the distribution of lengths over the edge connectivity in many transport networks exhibits scaling invariance phenomenon . We give an example of the canal network of Veneice to demonstrate our result . The method is applicable to any transport network .
0710.1594	physics.gen-ph	Synchronizing equivalent clocks across inertial frames	The second postulate of special relativity , namely , the equivalence of inertial frames , implies that all clocks must run identically across inertial frames . Under this principle , global clock synchronization may be feasible if an appropriate procedure can be developed . It is well known that synchronization within an inertial frame using the methods of light rays or slow separation of clocks results in synchronization that is specific to that inertial frame . This paper describes a new procedure to synchronize clocks co-moving with different inertial frames , and analyzes its effectiveness .
0710.1603	physics.geo-ph physics.class-ph	Analyse de vuln\'erabilit\'e sismique \`a grande \'echelle par utilisation des propri\'et\'es dynamiques exp\'erimentales des b\^atiments	Two different way of assessing seismic vulnerability are available nowadays : observed or empirical and calculated vulnerability assessment methods . The first methods are based on observed damage after earthquakes correlated with the structural properties of buildings , whereas the second methods are based on numerical models more or less representing the buildings . In both cases , the trouble is the imperfect knowledge of existing buildings . We propose here a new method for estimating the vulnerability based on experimental modal parameters ( resonance frequencies , modal shapes and damping ratio ) estimated under ambient vibrations . They allow to build up a simplified numerical model of the elastic building behaviour . The motion produced by numerous earthquakes leads to determine its first damage level and therefore its vulnerability . An inter-story drift threshold based on HAZUS values defines the first damage level of the building . This method is applied to the Grenoble ( France ) city in which 60 buildings have been instrumented .
0710.1607	physics.geo-ph physics.class-ph	Comparaison entre calculs de vuln\'erabilit\'e sismique et propri\'et\'es dynamiques mesur\'ees	Large-scale seismic vulnerability assessment methods use simplified formulas and curves , often without providing uncertainties . They are seldom compared to experimental data . Therefore , we recorded ambient vibrations and estimated modal parameters ( resonance frequencies , modal shapes and damping ) of 60 buildings in Grenoble ( France ) of various types ( masonry and reinforced concrete ) . The knowledge of resonance frequencies in the linear domain is essential in the seismic design . Hence , we compared resonance frequency formulas given in the design code with this experimental data . The variability is underestimated and only two parameters ( type and height of the building ) seem to be statistically significant . Moreover , we compared the linear part of capacity curves used in European Risk-UE method to the measured frequencies . The variability is still very large and these curve are often not relevant for the French buildings . As a result , ambient vibration recordings may become an interesting tool in order to calibrate the linear part of capacity curves .
0710.1643	physics.optics	The reflection of a Maxwell-Gaussian beam by a planar surface	The reflection of a three-dimensional vectorial Maxwell-Gaussian beam by a planar surface is studied . The surface is characterized by its complex reflection coefficients $ r_s ( \bk ) $ and $ r_p ( \bk ) $ for TE and TM electromagnetic plane waves of wavevector $ \bk $ , respectively . The field impinging upon the reflecting surface is modeled as a quasi-monochromatic fundamental Gaussian beam suitably modified in order to satisfy Maxwell equations ( Maxwell-Gaussian beam ) . Analytical expressions , correct up to the second order in a perturbation expansion , are given for the reflected electric and magnetic field , respectively . We found that first order terms in the perturbation expansion account for a longitudinal shift ( Goos-H\ '' { a } nchen effect ) of the whole reflected beam , while second order terms modifies the transverse shape of the beam which is , at this order , no longer cylindrically symmetric .
0710.1644	physics.flu-dyn	A mechanistic model of separation bubble	This work uncovers the low-dimensional nature the complex dynamics of actuated separated flows . Namely , motivated by the problem of model-based predictive control of separated flows , we identify the requirements on a model-based observer and the key variables and propose a prototype model in the case of thick airfoils as motivated by practical applications . The approach in this paper differs fundamentally from the logic behind known models , which are either linear or based on POD-truncations and are unable to reflect even the crucial bifurcation and hysteresis inherent in separation phenomena . This new look at the problem naturally leads to several important implications , such as , firstly , uncovering the physical mechanisms for hysteresis , secondly , predicting a finite amplitude instability of the bubble , and thirdly to new issues to be studied theoretically and tested experimentally . More importantly , by employing systematic reasoning , the low-dimensional nature of these complex phenomena at the coarse level is revealed .
0710.1652	physics.optics cond-mat.mtrl-sci	Optical properties of metal nanoparticles with no center of inversion symmetry : observation of volume plasmons	We present theoretical and experimental studies of the optical response of L-shaped silver nanoparticles . The scattering spectrum exhibits several plasmon resonances that depend sensitively on the polarization of the incident electromagnetic field . The physical origin of the resonances is traced to different plasmon phenomena . In particular , a high energy band with unusual properties is interpreted in terms of volume plasmon oscillations arising from the asymmetry of a nanoparticle .
0710.1657	physics.bio-ph	Manipulating Biopolymer Dynamics by Anisotropic Nanoconfinement	How the geometry of nano-sized confinement affects dynamics of biomaterials is interesting yet poorly understood . An elucidation of structural details upon nano-sized confinement may benefit manufacturing pharmaceuticals in biomaterial sciences and medicine . The behavior of biopolymers in nano-sized confinement is investigated using coarse-grained models and molecular simulations . Particularly , we address the effects of shapes of a confinement on protein folding dynamics by measuring folding rates and dissecting structural properties of the transition states in nano-sized spheres and ellipsoids . We find that when the form of a confinement resembles the geometrical properties of the transition states , the rates of folding kinetics are most enhanced . This knowledge of shape selectivity in identifying optimal conditions for reactions will have a broad impact in nanotechnology and pharmaceutical sciences .
0710.1674	physics.optics	Interference of surface plasmon polaritions controlled by the phase of incident light	Interference patterns of surface plasmon polaritons ( SPPs ) are observed in the extraordinary optical transmission through subwavelength holes in optically thick metal plate . It is found that the phase of incident light can be transferred to SPPs . We can control the destructive and constructive interference of SPPs by modulating the relative phase between two incident beams . Using a slightly displaced Mach-Zehnder interferometer , we also observe a SPPs interference pattern composed of bright and dark stripes .
