0710.4972	physics.plasm-ph	Nonlinear polarisation and dissipative correspondence between low frequency fluid and gyrofluid equations	The correspondence between gyrofluid and low frequency fluid equations is examined . The lowest order conservative effects in ExB advection , parallel dynamics , and curvature match trivially . The principal concerns are polarisation fluxes , and dissipative parallel viscosity and parallel heat fluxes . The emergence of the polarisation heat flux in the fluid model and its contribution to the energy theorem is reviewed . It is shown that gyroviscosity and the polarisation fluxes are matched by the finite gyroradius corrections to advection in the long wavelength limit , provided that the differences between gyrocenter and particle representations is taken into account . The dissipative parallel viscosity is matched by the residual thermal anisotropy in the gyrofluid model in the collision dominated limit . The dissipative parallel heat flux is matched by the gyrofluid parallel heat flux variables in the collision dominated limit . Hence , the gyrofluid equations are a complete superset of the low frequency fluid equations .
0710.5003	physics.flu-dyn physics.ao-ph	Tracer density discontinuities in turbulent flows : simple model and scaling laws	Mixing in fully developed incompressible turbulent flows is known to lead to a cascade of discontinuity fronts of passive scalar fields . A one-dimensional ( 1D ) variant of Baker 's map is developed , capturing the main mechanism responsible for the emergence of these discontinuities . For this 1D model , expressions for the height-distribution function of the discontinuity fronts and structure function scaling exponents $ \zeta_p $ are derived [ for Kolmogorov turbulence , $ \zeta_p=\frac 23\log_3 ( p+1 ) $ ] . These analytic findings are in a good agreement with both our 1D simulations , and the results of earlier numerical and experimental studies .
0710.5092	physics.gen-ph	Some Remarks on an Experiment Suggesting Quantum Like Behavior of Cognitive Entities and Formulation of an Abstract Quantum Mechanical Formalism to Describe Cognitive Entity and its Dynamics	We have executed for the first time an experiment on mental observables concluding that there exists equivalence ( that is to say , quantum like behavior ) between quantum and cognitive entities.Such result has enabled us to formulate an abstract quantum mechanical formalism that is able to describe cognitive entities and their time dynamics .
0710.5102	physics.optics	Photoluminescence modification by high-order photonic band with abnormal dispersion in ZnO inverse opal	We measured the angle- and polarization-resolved reflection and photoluminescence spectra of ZnO inverse opals . Significant enhancement of spontaneous emission is observed . The enhanced emission not only has good directionality but also can be linearly polarized . A detailed theoretical analysis and numerical simulation reveal that such enhancement is caused by the abnormal dispersion of a high-order photonic band . The frozen mode at a stationary inflection point of a dispersion curve can strongly modify the intensity , directionality and polarization of spontaneous emission .
0710.5115	physics.gen-ph	Neutrons from Piezonuclear Reactions	We report the results obtained by cavitating water solutions of iron salts ( iron chloride and iron nitrate ) with different concentrations at different ultrasound powers . In all cases we detected a neutron radiation well higher than the background level . The neutron production is perfectly reproducible and can at some extent be controlled . These evidences for neutron emission generated by cavitation support some preliminary clues for the possibility of piezonuclear reactions ( namely nuclear reactions induced by pressure and shock waves ) obtained in the last ten years . We have been able for the first time to state some basic features of such a neutron emission induced by cavitation , namely : 1 ) a marked threshold behavior in power , energy and time ; 2 ) its occurring without a concomitant production of gamma radiation .
0710.5120	physics.ins-det physics.acc-ph	The CMS Pixel Detector : from production to commissioning	The CMS experiment at the LHC includes a hybrid silicon pixel detector for the reconstruction of charged tracks and of the interaction vertices . The detector is made of three barrel layers and two disks at each end of the barrel . Detector modules consist of thin , segmented silicon sensors with highly integrated readout chips connected by the bump bonding technique . In this paper we report on the progress of the detector construction and testing . In addition , first results from the commissioning systems at CERN and PSI are presented .
0710.5132	physics.bio-ph physics.comp-ph	Absolute FKBP binding affinities obtained via non-equilibrium unbinding simulations	We compute absolute binding affinities for two ligands bound to the FKBP protein using non-equilibrium unbinding simulations . The methodology is straight-forward , requiring little or no modification to many modern molecular simulation packages . The approach makes use of a physical pathway , eliminating the need for complicated alchemical decoupling schemes . Results of this study are promising . For the ligands studied here the binding affinities are typically estimated within less than 4.0 kJ/mol of the target values ; and the target values are within less than 1.0 kJ/mol of experiment . These results suggest that non-equilibrium simulation could provide a simple and robust means to estimate protein-ligand binding affinities .
0710.5140	physics.soc-ph	Study of the Correlations Between Stocks of Different Markets	We study correlations of a set of stocks selected from both the New York and London stock exchanges . Results are displayed using both Random Matrix Theory approach and the graphical visualisation of the Minimal Spanning Tree . For the set of stocks we study , cross correlations between markets do not mix the markets significantly . Geographical differences seem to dominate the output of a Random Matrix analysis . Only at the level of the third highest eigenvector do we see an effect of New York on the London data with the emergence of some common sectors with the larger eigenvectors in London and New York . The Minimal Spanning Trees show the broad separation of the markets as reflected in the second eigenvector of the Random Matrix analysis . However more detail is difficult to discern from the Minimal Spanning Trees analysis .
0710.5177	physics.gen-ph	Speeding-up Thorium decay	We show that cavitation of a solution of thorium-228 in water induces its transformation at a rate 10000 times faster than the natural radioactive decay would do . This result agrees with the alteration of the secular equilibrium of thorium-234 obtained by a Russian team via explosion of titanium foils in water and solutions . These evidences further support some preliminary clues for the possibility of piezonuclear reactions ( namely nuclear reactions induced by pressure waves ) obtained in the last ten years .
