0706.1356	physics.data-an	A discriminative method to conduct exploratory analyses in networks	This paper , which commented on Newman and Leicht 's `` Mixture models and exploratory analysis in networks '' ( 2007 , PNAS 104 , 9564-9569 ) , has been withdrawn . The reason for this removal is that we misinterpreted the conceptual framework that the authors of the original paper use . Specifically , it is assumed in our paper that the variable theta_ri denotes the *a priori* probability that there exists an edge from group r to vertex i . The correct interpretation is that theta_ri denotes the probability that a given edge from group r connects to vertex i . We are very grateful to Mark Newman and Elizabeth Leicht not only for pointing out our misinterpretation , but also for doing it so politely and gracefully .
0706.1374	physics.bio-ph	High Resolution Mapping of Phase Behavior in a Ternary Lipid Mixture : Do Lipid-Raft Phase Boundaries Depend on Sample-Prep Procedure ?	For some time now , we have been using a FRET-based strategy to make high-resolution studies of phase behavior in ternary lipid-raft membrane mixtures . Our FRET experiments can be carried out on ordinary , polydisperse multilamellar vesicle suspensions , so we are able to prepare our samples according to a procedure that was designed specifically to guard against artifactual phase separation . In some respects ( i.e. , the number and nature of two-phase regions observed ) , our phase diagrams are consistent with previously published reports . However , in other respects ( i.e. , overall size of miscibility gaps , phase boundary locations and their dependence on temperature ) there are clear differences . Here we present FRET data taken in DOPC/DPPC/Cholesterol mixtures at 25.0 , 35.0 and 45.0oC . Comparisons between our results and previously reported phase boundaries suggest that lipid-raft mixtures may be particularly susceptible to demixing effects during sample preparation .
0706.1420	physics.atom-ph physics.atm-clus	Asymptotic form of molecular continuum wave function for system of non-overlapping atomic potentials	The asymptotic behavior of the molecular continuum wave function has been analyzed within a model of non-overlapping atomic potentials . It is been shown that the representation of the wave function far from a molecule as a plane wave and single spherical wave emitted by the molecular center can not be corrected . Because of the multicenter character of the problem , the asymptotic form of the wave function must contain N spherical waves with centers at the nuclei of the N atoms that form the molecule . A method of partial waves for a spherically non-symmetrical target is considered for the simplest multicenter target formed by two non-overlapping potentials . The results are compared with those obtained within the single spherical wave approximation . It has been shown that the use of this approximation results in significant mistakes in differential and total cross sections of electron elastic scattering by a target .
0706.1428	physics.ins-det	SILEM : a new gaseous detector with integrated x-y readout plane	This works reports on gaseous detectors developments made in the frame of the EXO double-beta decay experiment . LEM ( Large Electron Multiplication ) are electron amplification grids based on GEM . They were developed in Neuchatel and showed remarquable resistance to sparks . The new SILEM grid combines the properties of the standard LEM with a micropatterned x-y readout plane on one of the grid side . It allows thus the amplification of the primary electrons and their position determination in the x-y plane .
0706.1434	physics.med-ph physics.data-an	Nonlinear Dynamics of Infectious Diseases Transfer with Possible Applications for Tubercular Infection	In this paper , we model a nonlinear dynamics of infectious diseases transfer . Particularly , we study possible applications to tubercular infection in models with different profiles ( peak values ) of the population density dependence on spatial coordinates . Our approach is based on the well known method of instantons which has been used by the authors to describe kinetics of adiabatic chemical reactions as a function of the heat-bath temperature and other system parameters . In our approach , we use `` social temperature '' T as one of the controlling parameters . Increase of T leads to acceleration of the infectious diseases transfer . The `` blockage '' effect for the infectious diseases transfer has been demonstrated in the case when peak values ( in the population density ) are equal to one and under condition that the `` social temperature '' is low . Existence of such effect essentially depends from environment `` activity '' ( social and prophylactic ) . Results of our modeling qualitatively meet the tuberculosis dynamic spread data in Penza region of Russia .
0706.1437	physics.optics physics.bio-ph	Spiking Optical Patterns and Synchronization	We analyze the time resolved spike statistics of a solitary and two mutually interacting chaotic semiconductor lasers whose chaos is characterized by apparently random , short intensity spikes . Repulsion between two successive spikes is observed , resulting in a refractory period which is largest at laser threshold . For time intervals between spikes greater than the refractory period , the distribution of the intervals follows a Poisson distribution . The spiking pattern is highly periodic over time windows corresponding to the optical length of the external cavity , with a slow change of the spiking pattern as time increases . When zero-lag synchronization between the two lasers is established , the statistics of the nearly perfectly matched spikes are not altered . The similarity of these features to those found in complex interacting neural networks , suggests the use of laser systems as simpler physical models for neural networks .
0706.1461	physics.optics	Gap solitons in spatiotemporal photonic crystals	We generalize the concept of nonlinear periodic structures to systems that show arbitrary spacetime variations of the refractive index . Nonlinear pulse propagation through these spatiotemporal photonic crystals can be described , for shallow nonstationary gratings , by coupled mode equations which are a generalization of the traditional equations used for stationary photonic crystals . Novel gap soliton solutions are found by solving a modified massive Thirring model . They represent the missing link between the gap solitons in static photonic crystals and resonance solitons found in dynamic gratings .
0706.1467	physics.gen-ph	The Quantum-Classical Transition and Wave Packet Dispersion	Two recent studies have presented new information relevant to the transition from quantum behavior to classical behavior , and related this to parameters characterizing the universe as a whole . The present study based on a separate approach has developed similar results that appear to substantiate aspects of earlier work and also to introduce further new ideas .
0706.1486	physics.atom-ph math-ph math.MP	A Minimization Method for Relativistic Electrons in a Mean-Field Approximation of Quantum Electrodynamics	We study a mean-field relativistic model which is able to describe both the behavior of finitely many spin-1/2 particles like electrons and of the Dirac sea which is self-consistently polarized in the presence of the real particles . The model is derived from the QED Hamiltonian in Coulomb gauge neglecting the photon field . All our results are non-perturbative and mathematically rigorous .
0706.1492	physics.chem-ph cond-mat.soft q-bio.BM	How do trehalose , maltose and sucrose influence some structural and dynamical properties of lysozyme ? An insight from Molecular Dynamics simulations	The influence of three well-known disaccharides , namely trehalose , maltose and sucrose , on some structural and dynamical properties of lysozyme has been investigated by means of molecular dynamics computer simulations in the 37-60 wt % concentration range . The effects of sugars on the protein conformation are found relatively weak , in agreement with the preferential hydration of lysozyme . Conversely , sugars seem to increase significantly the relaxation times of the protein . These effects are shown to be correlated to the fractional solvent accessibilities of lysozyme residues and further support the slaving of protein dynamics . Moreover , a significant increase in the relaxation times of lysozyme , sugars and water molecules is observed within the studied concentration range and may result from the percolation of the hydrogen-bond network of sugar molecules . This percolation appears to be of primary importance to explain the influence of sugars on the dynamical properties of lysozyme and water .
0706.1493	physics.atm-clus	Dynamical Screening of Atom Confined by Finite-Width Fullerene	This is an investigation on the dynamical screening of an atom confined within a fullerene of finite width . The two surfaces of the fullerene lead to the presence of two surface plasmon eigenmodes . It is shown that , in the vicinity of these two eigenfrequencies , there is a large enhancement of the confined atom 's photoabsorption rate .
0706.1507	physics.optics	Scaling laws for soliton pulse compression by cascaded quadratic nonlinearities	We present a detailed study of soliton compression of ultra-short pulses based on phase-mismatched second-harmonic generation ( \textit { i.e . } , the cascaded quadratic nonlinearity ) in bulk quadratic nonlinear media . The single-cycle propagation equations in the temporal domain including higher-order nonlinear terms are presented . The balance between the quadratic ( SHG ) and the cubic ( Kerr ) nonlinearity plays a crucial role : we define an effective soliton number -- related to the difference between the SHG and the Kerr soliton numbers -- and show that it has to be larger than unity for successful pulse compression to take place . This requires that the phase mismatch be below a critical level , which is high in a material where the quadratic nonlinearity dominates over the cubic Kerr nonlinearity . Through extensive numerical simulations we find dimensionless scaling laws , expressed through the effective soliton number , which control the behaviour of the compressed pulses . These laws hold in the stationary regime , in which group-velocity mismatch effects are small , and they are similar to the ones observed for fiber soliton compressors . The numerical simulations indicate that clean compressed pulses below two optical cycles can be achieved in a $ \beta $ -barium borate crystal at appropriate wavelengths , even for picosecond input pulses .
0706.1527	physics.optics nlin.PS	Surface waves in defocusing thermal nonlinear optical media	We predict that the interface of materials with defocusing thermal nonlinearities support stable fundamental and higher-order surface waves when the opposite edges of the medium are maintained at different temperatures . Such surface waves exist due to the interplay between repulsion from the interface and the defocusing thermal nonlinearity that deflect light beams from the bulk of the medium toward its edges .
0706.1553	physics.atom-ph astro-ph	Absorption spectrum in the wings of the potassium second resonance doublet broadened by helium	We have measured the reduced absorption coefficients occurring in the wings of the potassium 4S-5P doublet lines at 404.414 nm and at 404.720 nm broadened by helium gas at pressures of several hundred Torr . At the experimental temperature of 900 K , we have detected a shoulder-like broadening feature on the blue wing of the doublet which is relatively flat between 401.8 nm and 402.8 nm and which drops off rapidly for shorter wavelengths , corresponding to absorption from the X doublet Sigma+ state to the C doublet Sigma+ state of the K-He quasimolecule . The accurate measurements of the line profiles in the present work will sharply constrain future calculations of potential energy surfaces and transition dipole moments correlating to the asymptotes He-K ( 5p ) , He-K ( 5s ) , and He-K ( 3d ) .
0706.1582	physics.optics physics.ins-det	Cavity Enhanced Optical Vernier Spectroscopy , Broad Band , High Resolution , High Sensitivity	A femtosecond frequency comb provides a vast number of equidistantly spaced narrow band laser modes that can be simultaneously tuned and frequency calibrated with 15 digits accuracy . Our Vernier spectrometer utilizes all of theses modes in a massively parallel manner to rapidly record both absorption and dispersion spectra with a sensitivity that is provided by a high finesse broad band optical resonator and a resolution that is only limited by the frequency comb line width while keeping the required setup simple .
0706.1584	physics.gen-ph	On the theory of flat spacetime	Special relativity turns out to be more than coordinate transformations in which the constancy of the speed of light plays the central role between two inertial reference frames . Special relativity , in essence , is a theory of four-dimensional flat spacetime . Euclidian space spans three of the spacetime's dimensions and time spans the fourth . Properties of light may not be needed to describe spacetime , which exists independently of light . The article shows that a theory of spacetime can be constructed from a geometric viewpoint in which the speed of light does not play any role . Moreover postulating four-dimensional geometry significantly simplifies the concept of special relativity .
0706.1587	physics.atom-ph	Resonances of the Quantum $ \delta $ -Kicked Accelerator	We report the observation of high order resonances of the quantum $ \delta $ -kicked accelerator using a BEC kicked by a standing wave of light . The signature of these resonances is the existence of quantum accelerator modes . For the first time quantum accelerator modes were seen near 1/4 and 1/3 of the Talbot time . Using a BEC enabled us to study the detailed structure of the modes and resonances which are related to the fractional Talbot effect . We present a general theory for this system and apply it to predict the behavior of the accelerator modes .
0706.1592	physics.med-ph	A novel method for the evaluation of uncertainty in dose volume histogram computation	Dose volume histograms are a useful tool in state-of-the-art radiotherapy planning , and it is essential to be aware of their limitations . Dose distributions computed by treatment planning systems are affected by several sources of uncertainty such as algorithm limitations , measurement uncertainty in the data used to model the beam and residual differences between measured and computed dose , once the model is optimized . In order to take into account the effect of uncertainty , a probabilistic approach is proposed and a new kind of histogram , a dose-expected volume histogram , is introduced . The expected value of the volume in the region of interest receiving an absorbed dose equal or greater than a certain value is found using the probability distribution of the dose at each point . A rectangular probability distribution is assumed for this point dose , and a relationship is given for practical computations . This method is applied to a set of dose volume histograms for different regions of interest for 6 brain patients , 8 lung patients , 8 pelvis patients and 6 prostate patients planned for IMRT . These results show how dose computation uncertainty has effects on PTV coverage and , to a lesser extent , in dose to organs at risk . This method allows to quantify these effects .
