0710.4196	physics.geo-ph	Magnitude Uncertainties Impact Seismic Rate Estimates , Forecasts and Predictability Experiments	The Collaboratory for the Study of Earthquake Predictability ( CSEP ) aims to prospectively test time-dependent earthquake probability forecasts on their consistency with observations . To compete , time-dependent seismicity models are calibrated on earthquake catalog data . But catalogs contain much observational uncertainty . We study the impact of magnitude uncertainties on rate estimates in clustering models , on their forecasts and on their evaluation by CSEP's consistency tests . First , we quantify magnitude uncertainties . We find that magnitude uncertainty is more heavy-tailed than a Gaussian , such as a double-sided exponential distribution , with scale parameter nu_c=0.1 - 0.3 . Second , we study the impact of such noise on the forecasts of a simple clustering model which captures the main ingredients of popular short term models . We prove that the deviations of noisy forecasts from an exact forecast are power law distributed in the tail with exponent alpha=1/ ( a*nu_c ) , where a is the exponent of the productivity law of aftershocks . We further prove that the typical scale of the fluctuations remains sensitively dependent on the specific catalog . Third , we study how noisy forecasts are evaluated in CSEP consistency tests . Noisy forecasts are rejected more frequently than expected for a given confidence limit . The Poisson assumption of the consistency tests is inadequate for short-term forecast evaluations . To capture the idiosyncrasies of each model together with any propagating uncertainties , the forecasts need to specify the entire likelihood distribution of seismic rates .
0710.4278	physics.optics	Shape reconstruction from gradient data	We present a novel method for reconstructing the shape of an object from measured gradient data . A certain class of optical sensors does not measure the shape of an object , but its local slope . These sensors display several advantages , including high information efficiency , sensitivity , and robustness . For many applications , however , it is necessary to acquire the shape , which must be calculated from the slopes by numerical integration . Existing integration techniques show drawbacks that render them unusable in many cases . Our method is based on approximation employing radial basis functions . It can be applied to irregularly sampled , noisy , and incomplete data , and it reconstructs surfaces both locally and globally with high accuracy .
0710.4279	physics.ins-det hep-ex	The SuperNEMO double beta decay experiment	The SuperNEMO project studies the feasibility of employing a technique of tracking plus calorimetry to search for neutrinoless double beta decay in 100 kg of enriched isotopes . It aims to reach an effective neutrino mass sensitivity of 50 meV . The current status of the SuperNEMO R & D programme is described , focusing on the main areas of improvement .
0710.4285	physics.class-ph	Experimental validation and physical modelling of vocal folds pathologies	Voiced sounds involve self-sustained vocal folds oscillations due to the interaction between the airflow and the vocal folds . Common vocal folds pathologies like polyps and anatomical asymmetry degrade the mechanical vocal fold properties and consequently disturb the normal oscillation pattern resulting in an abnormal sound production . Treatment of voice abnormalities would benefit from an improved understanding between the pathology and the resulting oscillation pattern which motivates physical vocal folds modelling . The current study applies a theoretical vocal folds model to vocal folds pathologies . The theoretical vocal folds model is validated using an experimental set-up simulating the human phonatory apparatus . It consists in a pressure reservoir , a self-oscillating latex replica of the vocal folds and an acoustical resonator . The effects of pathologies are simulated by modifying the replica 's geometry , elasticity , and homogeneity under controlled experimental conditions . In general , we observed a close match between measurements and theoretical predictions , which is all the more surprising considering the crudeness of the theoretical model
0710.4286	physics.class-ph	A mechanical experimental setup to simulate vocal folds vibrations . Preliminary results	This paper contributes to the understanding of vocal folds oscillation during phonation . In order to test theoretical models of phonation , a new experimental set-up using a deformable vocal folds replica is presented . The replica is shown to be able to produce self sustained oscillations under controlled experimental conditions . Therefore different parameters , such as those related to elasticity , to acoustical coupling or to the subglottal pressure can be quantitatively studied . In this work we focused on the oscillation fundamental frequency and the upstream pressure in order to start ( on-set threshold ) either end ( off-set threshold ) oscillations in presence of a downstream acoustical resonator . As an example , it is shown how this data can be used in order to test the theoretical predictions of a simple one-mass model .
0710.4361	physics.comp-ph physics.atm-clus physics.chem-ph	QWalk : A Quantum Monte Carlo Program for Electronic Structure	We describe QWalk , a new computational package capable of performing Quantum Monte Carlo electronic structure calculations for molecules and solids with many electrons . We describe the structure of the program and its implementation of Quantum Monte Carlo methods . It is open-source , licensed under the GPL , and available at the web site http : //www.qwalk.org
