0712.2317	physics.data-an	A nonlinear Stein based estimator for multichannel image denoising	The use of multicomponent images has become widespread with the improvement of multisensor systems having increased spatial and spectral resolutions . However , the observed images are often corrupted by an additive Gaussian noise . In this paper , we are interested in multichannel image denoising based on a multiscale representation of the images . A multivariate statistical approach is adopted to take into account both the spatial and the inter-component correlations existing between the different wavelet subbands . More precisely , we propose a new parametric nonlinear estimator which generalizes many reported denoising methods . The derivation of the optimal parameters is achieved by applying Stein 's principle in the multivariate case . Experiments performed on multispectral remote sensing images clearly indicate that our method outperforms conventional wavelet denoising techniques
0712.2324	physics.bio-ph cond-mat.soft q-bio.BM	Myosin V passing over Arp2/3 junctions : branching ratio calculated from the elastic lever arm model	Myosin V is a two-headed processive motor protein that walks in a hand-over-hand fashion along actin filaments . When it encounters a filament branch , formed by the Arp2/3 complex , it can either stay on the straight mother filament , or switch to the daughter filament . We study both probabilities using the elastic lever arm model for myosin V. We calculate the shapes and bending energies of all relevant configurations in which the trail head is bound to the actin filament before Arp2/3 and the lead head is bound either to the mother or to the daughter filament . Based on the assumption that the probability for a head to bind to a certain actin subunit is proportional to the Boltzmann factor obtained from the elastic energy , we calculate the mother/daughter filament branching ratio . Our model predicts a value of 27 % for the daughter and 73 % for the mother filament . This result is in good agreement with recent experimental data .
0712.2331	physics.flu-dyn physics.comp-ph	Forced Imbibition - a Tool for Determining Laplace Pressure , Drag Force and Slip Length in Capillary Filling Experiments	When a very thin capillary is inserted into a liquid , the liquid is sucked into it : this imbibition process is controlled by a balance of capillary and drag forces , which are hard to quantify experimentally , in particularly considering flow on the nanoscale . By computer experiments using a generic coarse-grained model , it is shown that an analysis of imbibition forced by a controllable external pressure quantifies relevant physical parameter such as the Laplace pressure , Darcy 's permeability , effective pore radius , effective viscosity , dynamic contact angle and slip length of the fluid flowing into the pore . In determining all these parameters independently , the consistency of our analysis of such forced imbibition processes is demonstrated .
0712.2335	physics.data-an physics.geo-ph	Nonlinear theory and tests of earthquake recurrence times	We develop an efficient numerical scheme to solve accurately the set of nonlinear integral equations derived previously in ( Saichev and Sornette , 2007 ) , which describes the distribution of inter-event times in the framework of a general model of earthquake clustering with long memory . Detailed comparisons between the linear and nonlinear versions of the theory and direct synthetic catalogs show that the nonlinear theory provides an excellent fit to the synthetic catalogs , while there are significant biases resulting from the use of the linear approximation . We then address the suggestions proposed by some authors to use the empirical distribution of inter-event times to obtain a better determination of the so-called clustering parameter . Our theory and tests against synthetic and empirical catalogs find a rather dramatic lack of power for the distribution of inter-event times to distinguish between quite different sets of parameters , casting doubt on the usefulness of this statistics for the specific purpose of identifying the clustering parameter .
0712.2336	physics.ins-det	Polarised Geant4 - Applications at the ILC	Geant4 is a Monte Carlo simulation framework for the description of interactions of particles and matter . Starting with version 8.2 a new package of QED physics processes is available , allowing for the studies of interactions of polarised particles with polarised media dedicated to beam applications . In this contribution some details about the implementation are presented and applications to the linear collider are discussed .
0712.2342	physics.chem-ph cond-mat.mtrl-sci physics.atom-ph	Empirical analysis of the Lieb-Oxford bound in ions and molecules	Universal properties of the Coulomb interaction energy apply to all many-electron systems . Bounds on the exchange-correlation energy , inparticular , are important for the construction of improved density functionals . Here we investigate one such universal property -- the Lieb-Oxford lower bound -- for ionic and molecular systems . In recent work [ J. Chem . Phys . 127 , 054106 ( 2007 ) ] , we observed that for atoms and electron liquids this bound may be substantially tightened . Calculations for a few ions and molecules suggested the same tendency , but were not conclusive due to the small number of systems considered . Here we extend that analysis to many different families of ions and molecules , and find that for these , too , the bound can be empirically tightened by a similar margin as for atoms and electron liquids . Tightening the Lieb-Oxford bound will have consequences for the performance of various approximate exchange-correlation functionals .
0712.2343	physics.acc-ph	Radiation damage of the ILC positron source target	The radiation damage of the positron source target for the International Linear Collider ( ILC ) has been studied . The displacement damage in target material due to multi-MeV photons has been calculated by combining FLUKA simulations for secondary particle production , SPECTER data for neutron displacement cross-sections and the Lindhard model for estimations of displacement damage by ions . The radiation damage of a stationary Ti6Al4V target in units of displacements per atom ( dpa ) has been estimated for photons from an undulator with strength 0.92 and period 1.15 cm . The calculated damage is 7 dpa . Approximately 12.5 % of displacement damage result from neutrons .
0712.2356	physics.ins-det	ILC Reference Design Report Volume 4 - Detectors	This report , Volume IV of the International Linear Collider Reference Design Report , describes the detectors which will record and measure the charged and neutral particles produced in the ILC 's high energy e+e- collisions . The physics of the ILC , and the environment of the machine-detector interface , pose new challenges for detector design . Several conceptual designs for the detector promise the needed performance , and ongoing detector R & D is addressing the outstanding technological issues . Two such detectors , operating in push-pull mode , perfectly instrument the ILC interaction region , and access the full potential of ILC physics .
0712.2358	physics.ed-ph physics.comp-ph	Using Physics to Learn Mathematica to Do Physics : From Homework Problems to Research Examples	We describe the development of a junior-senior level course for Physics majors designed to teach Mathematica skills in support of their undergraduate coursework , but also to introduce students to modern research level results . Standard introductory and intermediate level Physics homework-style problems are used to teach Mathematica commands and programming methods , which are then applied , in turn , to more sophisticated problems in some of the core undergraduate subjects , along with making contact with recent research papers in a variety of fields .
0712.2361	physics.acc-ph	ILC Reference Design Report Volume 3 - Accelerator	The International Linear Collider ( ILC ) is a 200-500 GeV center-of-mass high-luminosity linear electron-positron collider , based on 1.3 GHz superconducting radio-frequency ( SCRF ) accelerating cavities . The ILC has a total footprint of about 31 km and is designed for a peak luminosity of 2x10^34 cm^-2 s^-1 . The complex includes a polarized electron source , an undulator-based positron source , two 6.7 km circumference damping rings , two-stage bunch compressors , two 11 km long main linacs and a 4.5 km long beam delivery system . This report is Volume III ( Accelerator ) of the four volume Reference Design Report , which describes the design and cost of the ILC .
0712.2416	physics.plasm-ph physics.acc-ph	Image Effects on the Transport of Intense Nonaxisymmetric Charged Beams	The effect of conducting pipes on the equilibrium of intense nonaxisymmetric continuous beams of charged particles is investigated . For a cylindrical pipe and an elliptical beam , we obtain an exact closed form analytical expression for the electrostatic potential . Using a variational principle , we then explore the distortions that equilibrium beams suffer due to the conducting channel . Finally , we present an exact proof that despite the nonlinear forces acting on beams of arbitrary cross section inside conducting pipes of arbitrary shape , the density of these beams remains homogeneous and their cross sectional area remains the sa me as the one in free-space .
0712.2464	physics.comp-ph	Derivation of the residence time for kinetic Monte Carlo simulations	The kinetic Monte Carlo method is a standard approach for simulating physical systems whose dynamics are stochastic or that evolve in a probabilistic manner . Here we show how to calculate the system time for such simulations .
0712.2478	physics.bio-ph physics.ins-det	Effect of Electro-Diffusion Current Flow on Electrostatic Screening in Aqueous Pores	A numerical study within the framework of the Poisson-Nernst-Planck equations is conducted to investigate electrostatic screening of charged bio-molecules within synthetic pores having diameters of at least 10 Debye lengths . We show that with external biases , the bio-molecule charge is only partially screened due to the presence of electrodiffusion current flow . This is considerably different from the equilibrium Debye-Huckel screening behavior and will result in long-range electrostatic interactions . The potential application to direct bio-molecule charge sensing is also discussed .
0712.2491	physics.soc-ph	Co-occurrence Network of Reuters News	Networks describe various complex natural systems including social systems . We investigate the social network of co-occurrence in Reuters-21578 corpus , which consists of news articles that appeared in the Reuters newswire in 1987 . People are represented as vertices and two persons are connected if they co-occur in the same article . The network has small-world features with power-law degree distribution . The network is disconnected and the component size distribution has power law characteristics . Community detection on a degree-reduced network provides meaningful communities . An edge-reduced network , which contains only the strong ties has a star topology . `` Importance '' of persons are investigated . The network is the situation in 1987 . After 20 years , a better judgment on the importance of the people can be done . A number of ranking algorithms , including Citation count , PageRank , are used to assign ranks to vertices . The ranks given by the algorithms are compared against how well a person is represented in Wikipedia . We find up to medium level Spearman 's rank correlations . A noteworthy finding is that PageRank consistently performed worse than the other algorithms . We analyze this further and find reasons .
