0706.3490	physics.soc-ph	Maximal planar scale-free Sierpinski networks with small-world effect and power-law strength-degree correlation	Many real networks share three generic properties : they are scale-free , display a small-world effect , and show a power-law strength-degree correlation . In this paper , we propose a type of deterministically growing networks called Sierpinski networks , which are induced by the famous Sierpinski fractals and constructed in a simple iterative way . We derive analytical expressions for degree distribution , strength distribution , clustering coefficient , and strength-degree correlation , which agree well with the characterizations of various real-life networks . Moreover , we show that the introduced Sierpinski networks are maximal planar graphs .
0706.3504	physics.class-ph	Axiomatic Foundations for the Principle of Entropy Increase	We show that the principle of entropy increase may be exactly founded on a few axioms valid not only for quantum and classical statistics , but also for a wide range of statistical processes .
0706.3516	physics.ins-det	New Developments and Future Perspectives of Gaseous Detectors	Gaseous detectors are fundamental components of all present and planned high energy physics experiments . Over the past decade two representatives ( GEM , Micromegas ) of the Micro-Pattern Gas Detector ( MPGD ) concept have become increasingly important ; the high radiation resistance and excellent spatial and time resolution make them an invaluable tool to confront future detector challenges at the next generation of colliders . Novel structures where GEM and Micromegas are directly coupled to the CMOS multi-pixel readout represent an exciting field and allow to reconstruct fine-granularity , two-dimensional images of physics events . Originally developed for the high energy physics , MPGD applications have expanded to astrophysics , neutrino physics , neutron detection and medical imaging .
0706.3521	physics.soc-ph	Towards the Typology of Elections at Russia	A distinction in reasons and motives for choosing a particular political leader establishes the key difference between older and young democracy . The former is based on electoral history , while the latter is based on feelings and personal attitude . Besides , a comparatively abundant number of political figures ( persons or parties and associations ) is specific for young democracies . The problem of a reference votes ' distribution is analyzed . Lefevbre 's theory of a reflexive control is supposed to make the basis for indifferent choice of political figures . This theory yields a golden section split of votes ( or the series of Fibonacci numbers , for the case of multiple choice ) . A typology of political campaigns based on this theory is proposed . A proximity of ratings of competing persons means the highest electoral tension , a leadership of a person means a high level of mobilization ; a neutral situation corresponds to Fibonacci numbers distribution of votes .
0706.3522	physics.class-ph	A dynamical law for slow crack growth in polycarbonate films	We study experimentally the slow growth of a single crack in polycarbonate films submitted to uniaxial and constant imposed stress . For this visco-plastic material , we uncover a dynamical law that describes the dependence of the instantaneous crack velocity with experimental parameters . The law involves a Dugdale-Barenblatt static description of crack tip plastic zones associated to an Eyring 's law and an empirical dependence with the crack length that may come from a residual elastic field .
0706.3528	physics.chem-ph	RF Shimming Pulses For Ex-Situ NMR Spectroscopy and Imaging Using B1 Inhomogeneities	I describe a method for generating `` shim pulses '' for NMR spectroscopy and imaging ( MRI ) by taking advantage of the inherent inhomogeneity in the static and radiofrequency ( RF ) fields of a one-sided NMR system . The RF inhomogeneity here is assumed , without loss of generality , to be a linear gradient . General polynomials in the spatial variables can be generated using x , y and z RF gradients using trains of hard pulses which result in linear combinations of monomials xy , y^2 , xz etc. , and any desired scalings of these monomials . The basic shim pulse is constructed using small tip angle approximations .
0706.3533	physics.flu-dyn physics.bio-ph	Rotational dynamics of a superhelix towed in a Stokes fluid	Motivated by the intriguing motility of spirochetes ( helically-shaped bacteria that screw through viscous fluids due to the action of internal periplasmic flagella ) , we examine the fundamental fluid dynamics of superhelices translating and rotating in a Stokes fluid . A superhelical structure may be thought of as a helix whose axial centerline is not straight , but also a helix . We examine the particular case where these two superimposed helices have different handedness , and employ a combination of experimental , analytic , and computational methods to determine the rotational velocity of superhelical bodies being towed through a very viscous fluid . We find that the direction and rate of the rotation of the body is a result of competition between the two superimposed helices ; for small axial helix amplitude , the body dynamics is controlled by the short-pitched helix , while there is a cross-over at larger amplitude to control by the axial helix . We find far better , and excellent , agreement of our experimental results with numerical computations based upon the method of Regularized Stokeslets than upon the predictions of classical resistive force theory .
0706.3540	physics.chem-ph	Finite Element Formulation of the Bloch Equations with Dipolar Field Effects	A Galerkin finite element ( FEM ) formulation for the Bloch equations with dipolar field is presented which makes possible the derivation of weak solutions to the Bloch equations . The FEM formulation has the advantage that the equations of motion are local in real space , eliminating the global truncation errors associated with calculations of the dipolar field in Fourier space . The dipolar field and other geometric parameters are calculated only once , before the simulation , and used as an initial condition rather than re-calculated at every time step of some numerical integration .
