0710.1349	physics.ao-ph	Derivation of asymptotic two-dimensional time-dependent equations for ocean wave propagation	A general method for the derivation of asymptotic nonlinear shallow water and deep water models is presented . Starting from a general dimensionless version of the water-wave equations , we reduce the problem to a system of two equations on the surface elevation and the velocity potential at the free surface . These equations involve a Dirichlet-Neumann operator and we show that all the asymptotic models can be recovered by a simple asymptotic expansion of this operator , in function of the shallowness parameter ( shallow water limit ) or the steepness parameter ( deep water limit ) . Based on this method , a new two-dimensional fully dispersive model for small wave steepness is also derived , which extends to uneven bottom the approach developed by Matsuno \cite { matsuno3 } and Choi \cite { choi } . This model is still valid in shallow water but with less precision than what can be achieved with Green-Naghdi model , when fully nonlinear waves are considered . The combination , or the coupling , of the new fully dispersive equations with the fully nonlinear shallow water Green-Naghdi equations represents a relevant model for describing ocean wave propagation from deep to shallow waters .
0710.1363	physics.acc-ph	The influence of the structure imperfectness of a crystalline undulator on the emission spectrum	We study the influence of an imperfect structure of a crystalline undulator on the spectrum of the undulator radiation . The main attention is paid to the undulators in which the periodic bending in the bulk appears as a result of a regular ( periodic ) surface deformations . We demonstrate that this method of preparation of a crystalline undulator inevitably leads to a variation of the bending amplitude over the crystal thickness and to the presence of the subharmonics with smaller bending period . Both of these features noticeably influence the monochromatic pattern of the undulator radiation .
0710.1367	physics.gen-ph	Faster than Light Quantum Communication	Faster than light communication might be possible using the collapse of the quantum wave-function without any accompanying paradoxes .
0710.1374	physics.optics physics.ins-det	Nanosecond electro-optical switching with a repetition rate above 20MHz	We describe an electro-optical switch based on a commercial electro-optic modulator ( modified for high-speed operation ) and a 340V pulser having a rise time of 2.2ns ( at 250V ) . It can produce arbitrary pulse patterns with an average repetition rate beyond 20MHz . It uses a grounded-grid triode driven by transmitting power transistors . We discuss variations that enable analog operation , use the step-recovery effect in bipolar transistors , or offer other combinations of output voltage , size , and cost .
0710.1375	physics.ed-ph physics.data-an	Dynamic Models of Learning and Education Measurement	Pre-post testing is a commonly used method in physics education community for evaluating students ' achievement and or the effectiveness of teaching through a specific period of instruction . A popular method to analyze pre-post testing results is the normalized gain first brought to the physics education community in wide use by R.R . Hake . This paper presents a measurement based probabilistic model of the dynamic process of learning that explains the experimentally observed features of the normalized gain . In Hake 's study with thousands of students ' pre-post testing results , he observed that on average 48 courses employing `` interactive engagement '' types of instruction achieved average normalized gains about two standard deviations greater than did 14 courses subjected to traditional instruction . For all courses the average normalized gains had a very low correlation +0.02 with average pretest scores . This feature of the normalized gain has allowed researchers to investigate the effectiveness of instruction using data collected from classes with widely different average pretest scores . However , the question of why the average normalized gain has this feature and to what extent this feature is generally present is not well understood . In addition , there have been debates as to what the normalized gain actually measures , and concerns that it lacks a probability framework that undergirds psychometric methods such as Item Response Theory ( IRT ) . The present model leads to an explanation of the observed features of the normalized gain , connects to other models such as IRT , and shows that the normalized gain does have a probability framework but one different from that emphasized by IRT .
0710.1384	physics.bio-ph q-bio.BM	Traffic of molecular motors : from theory to experiments	Intracellular transport along microtubules or actin filaments , powered by molecular motors such as kinesins , dyneins or myosins , has been recently modeled using one-dimensional driven lattice gases . We discuss some generalizations of these models , that include extended particles and defects . We investigate the feasibility of single molecule experiments aiming to measure the average motor density and to locate the position of traffic jams by mean of a tracer particle . Finally , we comment on preliminary single molecule experiments performed in living cells .
