0706.0594	physics.flu-dyn	Lagrangian temperature , velocity and local heat flux measurement in Rayleigh-Benard convection	We have developed a small , neutrally buoyant , wireless temperature sensor . Using a camera for optical tracking , we obtain simultaneous measurements of position and temperature of the sensor as it is carried along by the flow in Rayleigh-B\'enard convection , at $ Ra \sim 10^ { 10 } $ . We report on statistics of temperature , velocity , and heat transport in turbulent thermal convection . The motion of the sensor particle exhibits dynamics close to that of Lagrangian tracers in hydrodynamic turbulence . We also quantify heat transport in plumes , revealing self-similarity and extreme variations from plume to plume .
0706.0617	physics.plasm-ph physics.space-ph	Two-dimensional ring-like vortex and multisoliton nonlinear structures at the upper-hybrid resonance	Two-dimensional ( 2D ) equations describing the nonlinear interaction between upper-hybrid and dispersive magnetosonic waves are presented . Nonlocal nonlinearity in the equations results in the possibility of existence of stable 2D nonlinear structures . A rigorous proof of the absence of collapse in the model is given . We have found numerically different types of nonlinear localized structures such as fundamental solitons , radially symmetric vortices , nonrotating multisolitons ( two-hump solitons , dipoles and quadrupoles ) , and rotating multisolitons ( azimuthons ) . By direct numerical simulations we show that 2D fundamental solitons with negative hamiltonian are stable .
0706.0641	physics.soc-ph	Information diffusion epidemics in social networks	The dynamics of information dissemination in social networks is of paramount importance in processes such as rumors or fads propagation , spread of product innovations or `` word-of-mouth '' communications . Due to the difficulty in tracking a specific information when it is transmitted by people , most understanding of information spreading in social networks comes from models or indirect measurements . Here we present an integrated experimental and theoretical framework to understand and quantitatively predict how and when information spreads over social networks . Using data collected in Viral Marketing campaigns that reached over 31,000 individuals in eleven European markets , we show the large degree of variability of the participants ' actions , despite them being confronted with the common task of receiving and forwarding the same piece of information . This have a profound effect on information diffusion : Firstly , most of the transmission takes place due to super-spreading events which would be considered extraordinary in population-average models . Secondly , due to the different way individuals schedule information transmission we observe a slowing down of the spreading of information in social networks that happens in logarithmic time . Quantitative description of the experiments is possible through an stochastic branching process which corroborates the importance of heterogeneity . Since high variability of both the intensity and frequency of human responses are found in many other activities , our findings are pertinent to many other human driven diffusion processes like rumors , fads , innovations or news which has important consequences for organizations management , communications , marketing or electronic social communities .
0706.0655	physics.optics	Cylindrical Invisibility Cloak with Simplified Material Parameters is Inherently Visible	It was proposed that perfect invisibility cloaks can be constructed for hiding objects from electromagnetic illumination ( Pendry et al. , Science 312 , p. 1780 ) . The cylindrical cloaks experimentally demonstrated ( Schurig et al. , Science 314 , p. 997 ) and proposed ( Cai et al. , Nat . Photon . 1 , p. 224 ) have however simplified material parameters in order to facilitate easier realization as well as to avoid infinities in optical constants . Here we show that the cylindrical cloaks with simplified material parameters inherently allow the zeroth-order cylindrical wave to pass through the cloak as if the cloak is made of a homogeneous isotropic medium , and thus visible . To all high-order cylindrical waves , our numerical simulation suggests that the simplified cloak inherits some properties of the ideal cloak , but finite scatterings exist .
0706.0660	physics.ao-ph physics.space-ph	Altitude and Latitude Distribution of Atmospheric Aerosol and Water Vapor from the Narrow-Band Lunar Eclipse Photometry	The work contains the description of two narrow IR-bands observational data of total lunar eclipse of March , 3 , 2007 , one- and two-dimensional procedures of radiative transfer equation solution . The results of the procedure are the extinction values for atmospheric aerosol and water vapor at different altitudes in the troposphere along the Earth 's terminator crossing North America , Arctic , Siberia and South-Eastern Asia . The altitude range and possible latitude and altitude resoltion of atmosphere remote sensing by the lunar eclipses observation are fixed . The results of water vapor retrieval are compared with data of space experiment , the scale of vertical water vapor distribution is found .
0706.0686	physics.class-ph cond-mat.mtrl-sci physics.atom-ph	Magnetic noise around metallic microstructures	We compute the local spectrum of the magnetic field near a metallic microstructure at finite temperature . Our main focus is on deviations from a plane-layered geometry for which we review the main properties . Arbitrary geometries are handled with the help of numerical calculations based on surface integral equations . The magnetic noise shows a significant polarization anisotropy above flat wires with finite lateral width , in stark contrast to an infinitely wide wire . Within the limits of a two-dimensional setting , our results provide accurate estimates for loss and dephasing rates in so-called `atom chip traps ' based on metallic wires . A simple approximation based on the incoherent summation of local current elements gives qualitative agreement with the numerics , but fails to describe current correlations among neighboring objects .
0706.0719	physics.optics	Self-Phasematched Nonlinear Optics in Integrated Semiconductor Microcavities	A novel concept of self-phasematched optical frequency conversion in dispersive dielectric microcavities is studied theoretically and experimentally . We develop a time-dependent model , incorporating the dispersion into the structure of the spatial cavity modes and translating the phasematching requirement into the optimization of a nonlinear cavity mode overlap . We design and fabricate integrated double-resonance semiconductor microcavities for self-phasematched second harmonic generation . The measured efficiency exhibits a significant maximum near the cavity resonance due to the intra-cavity enhancement of the input power and the dispersion-induced wavelength detuning effect on the mode overlap , in good agreement with our theoretical predictions .
0706.0746	physics.ins-det	On the limited amplitude resolution of multipixel Geiger-mode APDs	The limited number of active pixels in a Geiger-mode Avalanche Photodiode ( G-APD ) results not only in a non-linearity but also in an additional fluctuation of its response . Both these effects are taken into account to calculate the amplitude resolution of an ideal G-APD , which is shown to be finite . As one of the consequences , the energy resolution of a scintillation detector based on a G-APD is shown to be limited to some minimum value defined by the number of pixels in the G-APD .
