0705.2803	physics.class-ph	Simulation of Single Reed Instruments Oscillations Based on Modal Decomposition of Bore and Reed Dynamics	This paper investigates the sound production in a system made of a bore coupled with a reed valve . Extending previous work ( Debut , 2004 ) , the input impedance of the bore is projected on the modes of the air column . The acoustic pressure is therefore calculated as the sum of modal components . The airr & # 114 ; & # 64258 ; ow blown into the bore is modulated by reed motion , assuming the reed to be a single degree of freedom oscillator . Calculation of self-sustained oscillations controlled by time-varying mouth pressure and player 's embouchure parameter is performed using ODE solvers . Results emphasize the par ticipation of the whole set of components in the mode locking process . Another impor tant feature is the mutual inn & # 110 ; & # 64258 ; uence of reed and bore resonance during growing blowing pressure transients , oscillation threshold being altered by the reed natural frequency and the reed damping . Steady-state oscillations are also investigated and compared with results given by harmonic balance method and by digital sound synthesis .
0705.2813	physics.chem-ph	Theory of anomalous diffusive reaction rates on realistic self-affine fractals	In this letter , a theoretical method for the analysis of diffusive flux/current to limited scale self-affine random fractals is presented and compared with experimentally measured electrochemical current for such roughness . The theory explains the several experimental findings of the temporal scale invariance as well as deviation from this of current transients in terms of three dominant fractal parameters for the limited-length scales of roughness . This theoretical method is based on limited scale power-law characterization of the interfacial roughness spectrum and the solution of diffusion equation under the diffusion-limited boundary conditions on rough interfaces . More broadly , these calculations challenges the earlier belief that the anomalous behavior is solely dependent on fractal dimension of roughness and highlight the potential to apply this equation for the scale invariant roughness determination . Finally , the validity of theoretical result is tested with extensive experimental data .
0705.2827	physics.comp-ph cond-mat.str-el physics.chem-ph	Bond breaking with auxiliary-field quantum Monte Carlo	Bond stretching mimics different levels of electron correlation and provides a challenging testbed for approximate many-body computational methods . Using the recently developed phaseless auxiliary-field quantum Monte Carlo ( AF QMC ) method , we examine bond stretching in the well-studied molecules BH and N $ _2 $ , and in the H $ _ { 50 } $ chain . To control the sign/phase problem , the phaseless AF QMC method constrains the paths in the auxiliary-field path integrals with an approximate phase condition that depends on a trial wave function . With single Slater determinants from unrestricted Hartree-Fock ( UHF ) as trial wave function , the phaseless AF QMC method generally gives better overall accuracy and a more uniform behavior than the coupled cluster CCSD ( T ) method in mapping the potential-energy curve . In both BH and N $ _2 $ , we also study the use of multiple-determinant trial wave functions from multi-configuration self-consistent-field ( MCSCF ) calculations . The increase in computational cost versus the gain in statistical and systematic accuracy are examined . With such trial wave functions , excellent results are obtained across the entire region between equilibrium and the dissociation limit .
0705.2838	physics.ao-ph physics.comp-ph physics.flu-dyn	Coexistence of Weak and Strong Wave Turbulence in a Swell Propagation	By performing two parallel numerical experiments -- solving the dynamical Hamiltonian equations and solving the Hasselmann kinetic equation -- we examined the applicability of the theory of weak turbulence to the description of the time evolution of an ensemble of free surface waves ( a swell ) on deep water . We observed qualitative coincidence of the results . To achieve quantitative coincidence , we augmented the kinetic equation by an empirical dissipation term modelling the strongly nonlinear process of white-capping . Fitting the two experiments , we determined the dissipation function due to wave breaking and found that it depends very sharply on the parameter of nonlinearity ( the surface steepness ) . The onset of white-capping can be compared to a second-order phase transition . This result corroborates with experimental observations by Banner , Babanin , Young .
0705.2839	physics.plasm-ph	Three-dimensional instability of two nonlinearly coupled electromagnetic waves in a plasma	The three-dimensional instability of two coupled electromagnetic waves in an unmagnetized plasma is investigated theoretically and numerically . In the regime of two-plasmon decay , where one pump wave frequency is approximately twice the electron plasma frequency , we find that the coupled pump waves give rise to enhanced instability with wave vectors between those of the two beams . In the case of ion parametric decay instability , where the pump wave decays into one Langmuir wave and one ion acoustic wave , the instability regions are added with no distinct amplification . Our investigation can be useful in interpreting laser-plasma as well as ionospheric heating experiments .
0705.2840	physics.geo-ph	Dependence of hillslope moisture content on downhill saturation	We derive steady equilibria for lateral downslope moisture flow in an idealized thin closed layer as a solution to the 1D Richards ' Equation . The equilibria are determined by two free parameters : the downslope flux and a boundary condition . Solutions exhibit a constant downslope flow speed and moisture content for the constant equilibrium flux , which is the product of the two . However where an isolated zone of fixed saturation degree exists representing a boundary condition , the flow speed immediately upslope is reduced and the moisture content correspondingly increased to preserve the constant equilibrium flux . The capillary head jump at the saturated zone produces a blockage that gives a high moisture content back upslope through a pooling distance determined by the equilibrium condition that the downslope flux is constant . In our numerical integrations , the vertically projected pooling height is more than 10 km for a fully saturated zone in mixed silty or clay soils , but decreases by about an order of magnitude with every 10 % decrease in the boundary-zone saturation degree . The drying of downhill saturated zones with the increased speed of mountain moisture outflow and corresponding decreased mountain moisture content gives a viable explanation for the mysterious ~69 % unaccounted drop seen in the spring outflow in the La Luz / Fresnal Watershed at Alamogordo 's upstream spring-box diversions in the semiarid southeastern New Mexico USA .
0705.2846	physics.gen-ph	Dynamical 3-Space : Alternative Explanation of the `Dark Matter Ring '	NASA has claimed the discovery of a `Ring of Dark Matter ' in the galaxy cluster CL 0024+17 , see Jee M.J. et al . arXiv:0705.2171 , based upon gravitational lensing data . Here we show that the lensing can be given an alternative explanation that does not involve `dark matter ' . This explanation comes from the new dynamics of 3-space . This dynamics involves two constant G and alpha - the fine structure constant . This dynamics has explained the bore hole anomaly , spiral galaxy flat rotation speeds , the masses of black holes in spherical galaxies , gravitational light bending and lensing , all without invoking `dark matter ' , and also the supernova redshift data without the need for `dark energy ' .
