0712.1085	physics.soc-ph physics.data-an	Cost-driven weighted networks evolution	Inspired by studies on airline networks we propose a general model for weighted networks in which topological growth and weight dynamics are both determined by cost adversarial mechanism . Since transportation networks are designed and operated with objectives to reduce cost , the theory of cost in micro-economics plays a critical role in the evolution . We assume vertices and edges are given cost functions according to economics of scale and diseconomics of scale ( congestion effect ) . With different cost functions the model produces broad distribution of networks . The model reproduces key properties of real airline networks : truncated degree distributions , nonlinear strength degree correlations , hierarchy structures , and particulary the disassortative and assortative behavior observed in different airline networks . The result suggests that the interplay between economics of scale and diseconomics of scale is a key ingredient in order to understand the underlying driving factor of the real-world weighted networks .
0712.1087	physics.comp-ph physics.gen-ph	Short-time critical dynamics at perfect and non-perfect surface	We report Monte Carlo simulations of critical dynamics far from equilibrium on a perfect and non-perfect surface in the 3d Ising model . For an ordered initial state , the dynamic relaxation of the surface magnetization , the line magnetization of the defect line , and the corresponding susceptibilities and appropriate cumulant is carefully examined at the ordinary , special and surface phase transitions . The universal dynamic scaling behavior including a dynamic crossover scaling form is identified . The exponent $ \beta_1 $ of the surface magnetization and $ \beta_2 $ of the line magnetization are extracted . The impact of the defect line on the surface universality classes is investigated .
0712.1094	physics.plasm-ph	Atomic clusters of various sizes irradiated with short intense pulses of VUV radiation	Non-equilibrium processes following the irradiation of atomic clusters with short pulses of vacuum ultraviolet radiation are modelled using kinetic Boltzmann equations . The dependence of the ionization dynamics on the cluster size is investigated . The predictions on : ( i ) the maximal and average ion charge created , ( ii ) ion charge state distribution , ( iii ) average energy absorbed per atom , ( iv ) spatial charge distribution , and ( v ) thermalization scales are obtained for spherical xenon clusters containing : 20 , 70 , 2500 and 90000 atoms . These clusters were exposed to single rectangular pulses of vacuum ultraviolet radiation of various pulse intensities , I ~ 10^ { 12 } -10^ { 14 } W/cm^2 and durations < 50 fs , at a fixed integrated radiation flux of F=0.4 J/cm^2 . The results obtained are found to be in good agreement with the available experimental data , especially the dependence on the cluster size , if it is assumed that the ions from the positively charged outer layer of the cluster constitute the dominant contribution to the experimentally measured ion charge state distribution .
0712.1110	physics.gen-ph	Vacuum Modified Gravity as an explanation for flat galaxy rotation curves	A theory is proposed which allows explaining the observed flat galaxy rotation curves , without needing to invoke dark matter . Whereas other theories have been proposed in the past which realize the same , the present theory rests on basic physical principles , in contrast to for instance the MOND theory . The key to arrive at this new theory is to consider from the start the energy density of the vacuum . The way to calculate the effect of the corresponding vacuum pressure on a mass has previously been laid down by Van Nieuwenhove ( 1992 ) . We obtain a modification of Newton 's law of gravitation with some peculiar properties such as the occurrence of regions of repulsive gravity . Based on a newly derived equation of state of the vacuum , the Tully-Fisher relation is derived . The theory can make detailed predictions about galaxy rotation curves and is also able to explain to the Pioneer anomaly , the foamy distribution of galaxies and the observed accelerated expansion of the universe . A relativistic extension of the theory is included as well .
0712.1119	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech math-ph math.MP	Equilibria of culture contact derived from ingroup and outgroup attitudes	Modern societies feature an increasing contact between cultures , yet we have a poor understanding of what the outcomes might be . Here we consider a mathematical model of contact between social groups , grounded in social psychology and analyzed using tools from statistical physics . We use the model to study how a culture might be affected by immigration . We find that in some cases residents ' culture is relatively unchanged , but in other cases residents may adopt the opinions and beliefs of immigrants . The decisive factors are each group 's cultural legacy and its attitudes towards in- and out-groups . The model can also predict how social policies may influence the outcome of culture contact .
0712.1140	physics.soc-ph	Benefits of Diversity , Communication Costs , and Public Opinion Dynamics	We study the dynamics of public opinion in a model in which agents change their opinions as a result of random binary encounters if the opinion difference is below their individual thresholds that evolve over time . We ground these thresholds in a simple individual cost-benefit analysis with linear benefits of diversity and quadratic communication costs . We clarify and deepen the results of earlier continuous-opinion dynamics models ( Deffuant et al. , Adv Complex Systems 2000 ; Weisbuch et al. , Complexity 2002 ) and establish several new results regarding the patterns of opinions in the asymptotic state and the cluster formation time .
0712.1158	physics.optics cond-mat.other	Numerical test of the theory of pseudo-diffusive transmission at the Dirac point of a photonic band structure	It has recently been predicted that a conical singularity ( = Dirac point ) in the band structure of a photonic crystal produces an unusual 1/L scaling of the photon flux transmitted through a slab of thickness L. This inverse-linear scaling is unusual , because it is characteristic of radiative transport via diffusion modes through a disordered medium -- while here it appears for propagation of Bloch modes in an ideal crystal without any disorder . We present a quantitative numerical test of the predicted scaling , by calculating the scattering of transverse-electric ( TE ) modes by a two-dimensional triangular lattice of dielectric rods in air . We verify the 1/L scaling and show that the slope differs by less than 10 % from the value predicted for maximal coupling of the Bloch modes in the photonic crystal to the plane waves in free space .
0712.1165	physics.data-an cond-mat.stat-mech q-bio.QM	Unsupervised and semi-supervised clustering by message passing : Soft-constraint affinity propagation	Soft-constraint affinity propagation ( SCAP ) is a new statistical-physics based clustering technique . First we give the derivation of a simplified version of the algorithm and discuss possibilities of time- and memory-efficient implementations . Later we give a detailed analysis of the performance of SCAP on artificial data , showing that the algorithm efficiently unveils clustered and hierarchical data structures . We generalize the algorithm to the problem of semi-supervised clustering , where data are already partially labeled , and clustering assigns labels to previously unlabeled points . SCAP uses both the geometrical organization of the data and the available labels assigned to few points in a computationally efficient way , as is shown on artificial and biological benchmark data .
0712.1170	physics.class-ph	A preliminary study of asymmetric vocal fold vibrations : modeling and `` in-vitro '' validation	This paper deals with some of aspects of the influence of asymmetry on vocal folds vibrations . A theoretical model of vocal fold asymmetry is presented . The influence of asymmetry is quantitatively examined in terms of oscillation frequency and pressure threshold . The theoretical model is compared to '' in-vitro '' experiment on a deformable replica of vocal folds . It is found that asymmetry strongly influences the oscillation subglottal pressure threshold . Moreover , the vocal fold with the highest mechanical resonance frequency imposes the oscillation fundamental frequency . The influence of geometrical asymmetry instead of purely mechanical asymmetry is shown
0712.1187	physics.ed-ph	Symbolic Manipulators Affect Mathematical Mindsets	Symbolic calculators like Mathematica are becoming more commonplace among upper level physics students . The presence of such a powerful calculator can couple strongly to the type of mathematical reasoning students employ . It does not merely offer a convenient way to perform the computations students would have otherwise wanted to do by hand . This paper presents examples from the work of upper level physics majors where Mathematica plays an active role in focusing and sustaining their thought around calculation . These students still engage in powerful mathematical reasoning while they calculate but struggle because of the narrowed breadth of their thinking . Their reasoning is drawn into local attractors where they look to calculation schemes to resolve questions instead of , for example , mapping the mathematics to the physical system at hand . We model the influence of Mathematica as an integral part of the constant feedback that occurs in how students frame , and hence focus , their work .
0712.1732	physics.data-an physics.chem-ph physics.comp-ph	The Theory of Uncertainty for Derived Results : Properties of Equations Representing Physicochemical Evaluation Systems	Any physiochemical variable ( Ym ) is always determined from certain measured variables { Xi } . The uncertainties { ui } of measuring { Xi } are generally a priori ensured as acceptable . However , there is no general method for assessing uncertainty ( em ) in the desired Ym , i.e . irrespective of whatever might be its system-specific-relationship ( SSR ) with { Xi } , and/ or be the causes of { ui } . We here therefore study the behaviors of different typical SSRs . The study shows that any SSR is characterized by a set of parameters , which govern em . That is , em is shown to represent a net SSR-driven ( purely systematic ) change in ui ( s ) ; and it can not vary for whether ui ( s ) be caused by either or both statistical and systematic reasons . We thus present the general relationship of em with ui ( s ) , and discuss how it can be used to predict a priori the requirements for an evaluated Ym to be representative , and hence to set the guidelines for designing experiments and also really appropriate evaluation models . Say : Y_m= f_m ( { X_i } _ ( i=1 ) ^N ) , then , although : e_m= g_m ( { u_i } _ ( i=1 ) ^N ) , `` N '' is not a key factor in governing em . However , simply for varying `` fm '' , the em is demonstrated to be either equaling a ui , or > ui , or even < ui . Further , the limiting error ( d_m^ ( Lim . ) ) in determining an Ym is also shown to be decided by '' fm '' ( SSR ) . Thus , all SSRs are classified into two groups : ( I ) the SSRs that can never lead `` d_m^ ( Lim . ) '' to be zero ; and ( II ) the SSRs that enable '' d_m^ ( Lim . ) '' to be zero . In fact , the theoretical-tool ( SSR ) is by pros and cons no different from any discrete experimental-means of a study , and has resemblance with chemical reactions as well .
