0705.1777	physics.geo-ph	A case for variational geomagnetic data assimilation : insights from a one-dimensional , nonlinear , and sparsely observed MHD system	Secular variations of the geomagnetic field have been measured with a continuously improving accuracy during the last few hundred years , culminating nowadays with satellite data . It is however well known that the dynamics of the magnetic field is linked to that of the velocity field in the core and any attempt to model secular variations will involve a coupled dynamical system for magnetic field and core velocity . Unfortunately , there is no direct observation of the velocity . Independently of the exact nature of the above-mentioned coupled system -- some version being currently under construction -- the question is debated in this paper whether good knowledge of the magnetic field can be translated into good knowledge of core dynamics . Furthermore , what will be the impact of the most recent and precise geomagnetic data on our knowledge of the geomagnetic field of the past and future ? These questions are cast into the language of variational data assimilation , while the dynamical system considered in this paper consists in a set of two oversimplified one-dimensional equations for magnetic and velocity fields . This toy model retains important features inherited from the induction and Navier-Stokes equations : non-linear magnetic and momentum terms are present and its linear response to small disturbances contains Alfv\'en waves . It is concluded that variational data assimilation is indeed appropriate in principle , even though the velocity field remains hidden at all times ; it allows us to recover the entire evolution of both fields from partial and irregularly distributed information on the magnetic field . This work constitutes a first step on the way toward the reassimilation of historical geomagnetic data and geomagnetic forecast .
0705.1797	physics.soc-ph physics.gen-ph	National Scientific Facilities and Their Science Impact on Non-Biomedical Research	H-index , proposed by Hirsch is a good indicator of the impact of a scientist 's research . When evaluating departments , institutions or labs , the importance of h-index can be further enhanced when properly calibrated for size . Particularly acute is the issue of federally funded facilities whose number of actively publishing scientists frequently dwarfs that of academic departments . Recently Molinari and Molinari developed a methodology that shows the h-index has a universal growth rate for large numbers of papers , allowing for meaningful comparisons between institutions . An additional challenge when comparing large institutions is that fields have distinct internal cultures , with different typical rates of publication and citation ; biology is more highly cited than physics , which is more highly cited than engineering . For this reason , this study has focused on the physical sciences , engineering , and technology , and has excluded bio-medical research . Comparisons between individual disciplines are reported here to provide contextual framework . Generally , it was found that the universal growth rate of Molinari and Molinari holds well across all the categories considered , testifying to the robustness of both their growth law and our results . The overall goal here is to set the highest standard of comparison for federal investment in science ; comparisons are made with the nations preeminent private and public institutions . We find that many among the national facilities compare favorably in research impact with the nations leading universities .
0705.1803	physics.flu-dyn	Comment on six papers published by M.A . El-Hakiem and his co-workers in International Communications in Heat and Mass Transfer , Journal of Magnetism and Magnetic Materials and Heat and Mass Transfer	Comment on six papers published by M.A . El-Hakiem and his co-workers in International Communications in Heat and Mass Transfer , Journal of Magnetism and Magnetic Materials and Heat and Mass Transfer
