0705.2922	physics.atom-ph cond-mat.other	I.C.E . : An Ultra-Cold Atom Source for Long-Baseline Interferometric Inertial Sensors in Reduced Gravity	The accuracy and precision of current atom-interferometric inertialsensors rival state-of-the-art conventional devices using artifact-based test masses . Atomic sensors are well suited for fundamental measurements of gravito-inertial fields . The sensitivity required to test gravitational theories can be achieved by extending the baseline of the interferometer . The I.C.E . ( Interf\'erom\'etrie Coh\'erente pour l'Espace ) interferometer aims to achieve long interrogation times in compact apparatus via reduced gravity . We have tested a cold-atom source during airplane parabolic flights . We show that this environment is compatible with free-fall interferometric measurements using up to 4 second interrogation time . We present the next-generation apparatus using degenerate gases for low release-velocity atomic sources in space-borne experiments .
0705.2973	physics.atom-ph	Partially coherent matter wave and its evolution	The evolution and propagation of a partially coherent matter wave ( PCMW ) is investigated theoretically by the correlation function method . The ABCD matrix formalism previously used for a fully coherent matter wave is extended to the PCMW domain . A new ABCD law is derived , using a tensor method to describe the evolution of a PCMW . An analytical solution of the first-order correlation function is obtained that makes the propagation and evolution of a PCMW very simple and clear . As an example , the propagation of a PCMW in a gravitational field is calculated numerically .
0705.3008	physics.optics	Signal amplification and control in optical cavities with off-axis feedback	We consider a large class of optical cavities and gain media with an off-axis external feedback which introduces a two-point nonlocality . This nonlocality moves the lasing threshold and opens large windows of control parameters where weak light spots can be strongly amplified while the background radiation remains very low . Furthermore , transverse phase and group velocities of a signal can be independently tuned and this enables to steer it non mechanically , to control its spatial chirping and to split it into two counter-propagating ones .
0705.3022	physics.bio-ph physics.med-ph	Plasma and cavitation dynamics during pulsed laser microsurgery in vivo	We compare the plasma and cavitation dynamics underlying pulsed laser microsurgery in water and in fruit fly embryos ( in vivo ) - specifically for nanosecond pulses at 355 and 532 nm . We find two key differences . First , the plasma-formation thresholds are lower in vivo - especially at 355 nm - due to the presence of endogenous chromophores that serve as additional sources for plasma seed electrons . Second , the biological matrix constrains the growth of laser-induced cavitation bubbles . Both effects reduce the disrupted region in vivo when compared to extrapolations from measurements in water .
0705.3036	physics.atom-ph	Feshbach resonances in ultracold K ( 39 )	We discover several magnetic Feshbach resonances in collisions of ultracold K ( 39 ) atoms , by studying atom losses and molecule formation . Accurate determination of the magnetic-field resonance locations allows us to optimize a quantum collision model for potassium isotopes . We employ the model to predict the magnetic-field dependence of scattering lengths and of near-threshold molecular levels . Our findings will be useful to plan future experiments on ultracold potassium atoms and molecules .
0705.3038	physics.gen-ph	On the possible void decay in free-electron laser sase-fel experiment	In this paper the motion of ultrahigh energy particles produced in sasefel is investigated . The critical field which opose the acceleration of the ultra high energy particles is calculated
0705.3056	physics.plasm-ph physics.atom-ph	Experimental Realization of an Exact Solution to the Vlasov Equations for an Expanding Plasma	We study the expansion of ultracold neutral plasmas in the regime in which inelastic collisions are negligible . The plasma expands due to the thermal pressure of the electrons , and for an initial spherically symmetric Gaussian density profle , the expansion is self-similar . Measurements of the plasma size and ion kinetic energy using fluorescence imaging and spectroscopy show that the expansion follows an analytic solution of the Vlasov equations for an adiabatically expanding plasma .
0705.3078	physics.med-ph	Pixels simultaneous detection probabilities and spatial resolution determination of pixelized detectors by means of correlation measurements	A novel method to estimate the pixels simultaneous detection probability and the spatial resolution of pixelized detectors is proposed , which is based on the determination of the statistical correlations between detector neighbor pixels . The correlations are determined by means of noise variance measurement for a isolated pixels and the difference between neighbor pixels . The method is validated using images from the two different GE Senographe 2000D mammographic units . The pixelized detector has been irradiated using x-rays along its entire surface . It is shown that the pixel simultaneous detection probabilities can be estimated within accuracy 0.001 - 0.003 , where the systematic error is estimated to be smaller than 0.005 . The presampled two-dimensional point-spread function ( PSF0 ) is determined using a single Gaussian and a sum of two Gaussian approximations . The obtained results for the presampled PSF0 show that the single Gaussian approximation is not appropriate , and the sum of two Gaussian approximations providing the best fit predicts the existence of a large ( ~50 % ) narrow component . Another proof of this fact is the latest simulation study of columnar indirect digital detectors by A. Badano et al . The sampled two-dimensional PSF is determined using Monte Carlo simulation for the L-shape uniform distributed acceptance function for different values of fill factors . The detector spatial resolution is estimated using sampled PSF and has values 54 and 58 mkm for two different units . The calculation of the presampled modulation transfer function based on the PSF0 estimation shows that the existing data can only be reproduced using a single Gaussian approximation and the usage of the sum of two Gaussian show significantly larger values in the higher frequency region for both units .
