0706.2535	physics.bio-ph physics.med-ph	Optical Marking of Alcohol Induced Hemoglobin Modification	It has been shown that conformational modifications of Hb induced by ethanol consumption can be visualized in optical spectra studying oxygenation kinetics of hemoglobin or mixing hemoglobin with Cibacron blue dye . Better dye affinity of blood proteins extracted from alcoholised rats with respect to those from non-alcoholised ones confirms that ethanol and its metabolites induce structural pathologies in blood protein molecules . The detected changes for the case of the posterity of intoxicated animals may be explained as a post-translation modification , as well as a disturbance of the structure and function of tissue cellular gene mechanism for the blood creation . It is established that alcohol intake during first four months leads to the decrease of fractional weight of oxyhemoglobin and to the increase of methemoglobin amount in blood . Further alcohol consumption is accompanied by recovering of the normal level of hemoglobin derivatives in blood . Normalization of the fractional weight of hemoglobin derivatives in blood after durable ( longer than 5-6 months ) ethanol intoxication is most probably due to the activation of the enzyme ( acetaldehyde dehydrogenase ) system , lowering the level of acetaldehydes in blood .
0706.2537	physics.chem-ph	One-Range Addition Theorems in Terms of -ETOs for STOs and Coulomb-Yukawa Like Correlated Interaction Potentials of Integer and Noninteger Indices	In this study , the one-center expansion formulas in terms of complete orthonormal sets of -exponential type orbitals ( -ETOs , ) are established for the Slater type orbitals ( STOs ) and Coulomb-Yukawa like correlated interaction potentials ( CIPs ) of integer and noninteger indices . These relations are used in obtaining the unsymmetrical and symmetrical one-range addition theorems for STOs and Coulomb-Yukawa like CIPs . The final results are especially useful in the calculations of multicenter multielectron integrals of STOs and CIPs occurring when Hartree-Fock-Roothaan ( HFR ) and explicitly correlated method are employed .
0706.2592	physics.soc-ph	Inhomogeneous and self-organised temperature in Schelling-Ising model	The Schelling model of 1971 is a complicated version of a square-lattice Ising model at zero temperature , to explain urban segregation , based on the neighbour preferences of the residents , without external reasons . Various versions between Ising and Schelling models give about the same results . Inhomogeneous `` temperatures '' T do not change the results much , while a feedback between segregation and T leads to a self-organisation of an average T .
0706.2596	physics.pop-ph physics.hist-ph quant-ph	Is the Interpretation of Delayed-Choice Experiments Misleading ?	The interpretation of an experimental realization of Wheeler 's delayed-choice gedanken experiment is discussed and called into question .
0706.2601	physics.optics	Change of Optical Properties of Space under Gravitation Field	It is shown that , in the model of a flat 3D space , the time ( i.e. , the Hubble or the gravitation constant ) plays a role of a spatial property . Gravitation field of spherical central mass does not lead to a lowering of symmetry of the space and appearance of anisotropy . In particular , the relations that describe the changes in the refractive indices of the space treated as an optical medium near the massive spherical body under the influence of its gravitation field have been derived .
0706.2641	physics.ins-det nucl-ex	Performance Studies of Prototype II for the CASTOR forward Calorimeter at the CMS Experiment	We present results of the performance of the second prototype of the CASTOR quartz-tungsten sampling calorimeter , to be installed in the very forward region of the CMS experiment at the LHC . The energy linearity and resolution , as well as the spatial resolution of the prototype to electromagnetic and hadronic showers are studied with E=20-200 GeV electrons , E=20-350 GeV pions , and E=50,150 GeV muons from beam tests carried out at CERN/SPS in 2004 . The responses of the calorimeter using two different types of photodetectors ( avalanche photodiodes APDs , and photomultiplier tubes PMTs ) are compared .
0706.2651	physics.acc-ph physics.comp-ph	Transverse emittance dilution due to coupler kicks in linear accelerators	One of the main concerns in the design of low emittance linear accelerators ( linacs ) is the preservation of beam emittance . Here we discuss one possible source of emittance dilution , the coupler kick , due to transverse electromagnetic fields in the accelerating cavities of the linac caused by the power coupler geometry . In addition to emittance growth , the coupler kick also produces orbit distortions . It is common wisdom that emittance growth from coupler kicks can be strongly reduced by using two couplers per cavity mounted opposite each other or by having the couplers of successive cavities alternation from above to below the beam pipe so as to cancel each individual kick . We therefore analyze consequences of alternate coupler placements . We show here that for sufficiently large Q values , alternating the coupler location from before to after the cavity leads to a cancellation of the orbit distortion but not of the emittance growth , whereas alternating the coupler location from before and above to behind and below the cavity cancels the emittance growth but not the orbit distortion . These compensations hold even when each cavity is individually detuned , e.g . by microphonics . Another effective method for reducing coupler kicks that is studied is the optimization of the phase of the coupler kick . This technique is independent of the coupler geometry but relies on operating on crest . A final technique studied is symmetrization of the cavity geometry in the coupler region with the addition of a stub opposite the coupler , which reduces the amplitude of the off axis fields and is thus effective for off crest acceleration as well . We show applications of these techniques to the energy recovery linac ( ERL ) planned at Cornell University .
0706.2672	physics.atom-ph physics.plasm-ph	Using Three-Body Recombination to Extract Electron Temperatures of Ultracold Plasmas	Three-body recombination , an important collisional process in plasmas , increases dramatically at low electron temperatures , with an accepted scaling of T_e^-9/2 . We measure three-body recombination in an ultracold neutral xenon plasma by detecting recombination-created Rydberg atoms using a microwave-ionization technique . With the accepted theory ( expected to be applicable for weakly-coupled plasmas ) and our measured rates we extract the plasma temperatures , which are in reasonable agreement with previous measurements early in the plasma lifetime . The resulting electron temperatures indicate that the plasma continues to cool to temperatures below 1 K .
0706.2680	physics.plasm-ph hep-ph hep-th	BPS Explained I : Temperature Relaxation in a Plasma	This is the first of two lectures on a new powerful technique employed by Brown , Preston , and Singleton ( BPS ) to calculate transport quantities in a plasma . This exposition will be self-contained and intended for those who are not specialists in quantum field theory , where the technique of dimensional continuation exploited by BPS first arose . The method is highlighted by the interesting analogy between the Coulomb logarithm of Lyman Spitzer on the one hand , and the Lamb shift as calculated by Hans Bethe on the other . BPS employed the method in a novel way that provides the leading and subleading behavior for processes with competing disparate length or energy scales . They calculated the temperature equilibration rate to leading and next-to-leading order in the plasma number density for any two species in a plasma that are in thermal equilibrium with themselves , but not necessarily with each other . A special case of this calculation is the electron-ion temperature equilibration rate . It should be emphasized that the BPS result is not a model , but rather it is an exact calculation of the leading terms in a well-defined perturbation theory . This exact result differs from approximations and models given in the literature .
0706.2689	physics.atom-ph	Long-range forces between two excited mercury atoms and associative ionization	The long-range quadrupole-quadrupole ( $ \sim R^ { -5 } $ ) and leading dispersion ( $ \sim R^ { -6 } $ ) interactions between all pairs of excited Hg ( $ 6s6p $ ) $ ^3P_0 $ , $ ^3P_1 $ , $ ^3P_2 $ , and $ ^1P_1 $ atoms are determined . The quadrupole moments are calculated using the { \it ab initio } relativistic configuration-interaction method coupled with many-body perturbation theory . The van der Waals coefficients are approximated using previously calculated static polarizabilities and expressions for the dispersion energy that are validated with similar systems . The long-range interactions are critical for associative ionization in thermal and cold collisions , and are found to be quite different for different pairs of interacting states . Based on this knowledge and the short-range parts of previously calculated potential curves , improved estimates of the chemi-ionization cross sections are obtained .
