0705.1221	physics.plasm-ph	Ground state of a confined Yukawa plasma including correlation effects	The ground state of an externally confined one-component Yukawa plasma is derived analytically using the local density approximation ( LDA ) . In particular , the radial density profile is computed . The results are compared with the recently obtained mean-field ( MF ) density profile \cite { henning.pre06 } . While the MF results are more accurate for weak screening , LDA with correlations included yields the proper description for large screening . By comparison with first-principle simulations for three-dimensional spherical Yukawa crystals we demonstrate that both approximations complement each other . Together they accurately describe the density profile in the full range of screening parameters .
0705.1222	physics.data-an	Markov properties in presence of measurement noise	Recently , several powerful tools for the reconstruction of stochastic differential equations from measured data sets have been proposed [ e.g . Siegert et al. , Physics Letters A 243 , 275 ( 1998 ) ; Hurn et al. , Journal of Time Series Analysis 24 , 45 ( 2003 ) ] . Efficient application of the methods , however , generally requires Markov properties to be fulfilled . This constraint typically seems to be violated on small scales , which frequently is attributed to physical effects . On the other hand , measurement noise such as uncorrelated measurement and discretization errors has large impacts on the statistics of measurements on small scales . We demonstrate , that the presence of measurement noise , likewise , spoils Markov properties of an underlying Markov processes . This fact is promising for the further development of techniques for the reconstruction of stochastic processes from measured data , since limitations at small scales might stem from artificial noise sources rather than from intrinsic properties of the dynamics of the underlying process . Measurement noise , however , can be controlled much better than the intrinsic dynamics of the underlying process .
0705.1223	physics.acc-ph	Impact of Ion Clearing Electrodes on Beam Dynamics in DAFNE	Presently clearing electrodes are being considered as a possible cure of e-cloud driven problems in existing and future colliders . 'Invisible' electrodes , made of a thin highly resistive layer pasted on a dielectric plate , have been proposed as one of design solutions for the e-cloud clearing . For the first time such electrodes were successfully used in the electron-positron accumulator ( EPA ) of LEP . Similar electrodes had been using for a long time for ion clearing purposes in the DAFNE electron ring . Theoretical considerations and experimental measurements at DAFNE have revealed a substantial contribution of the ion clearing electrodes ( ICE ) to the machine broad-band impedance giving rise to several harmful effects degrading the collider performance . In this paper we discuss the impact of the electrodes on DAFNE beam dynamics , show the results of ICE wake field and impedance calculations and compare them with available experimental data . We also describe the procedure of ICE removal from the wiggler sections of the electron ring that has resulted in remarkable improvements in terms of beam dynamics and geometric luminosity .
0705.1232	physics.gen-ph q-bio.OT quant-ph	Nontrivial quantum effects in biology : A skeptical physicists ' view	Invited contribution to `` Quantum Aspects of Life '' , D. Abbott Ed . ( World Scientific , Singapore , 2007 ) .
0705.1236	physics.ed-ph physics.comp-ph	Radiation trapping in 1D using the Markov chain formalism : A computational physics project	A computational model study for complete frequency redistribution linear incoherent two-level atomic radiation trapping in optically dense media using the multiple scattering representation is presented . This model study discuss at length the influence of the spectral distributions , overall opacity and emission quantum yield to trapping distorted ensemble quantities stressing physical insight and with a non-specialist audience in mind . Macroscopic reemission yield , lifetime , steady state spectra and spatial distributions are calculated as a function of intrinsic emission yield , opacity and external excitation mode for Doppler , Lorentz and Voigt lineshapes . The work could constitute the basis for a final undergraduate or beginning graduate project in computational physics instruction and implements the analytical developments of the previous instalment of this contribution .
0705.1248	physics.gen-ph	L'Univers en expansion et probl\`emes d'\'energie	In this paper we first construct a mathematical model for the Universe expansion that started up with the original Big Bang . Next , we discuss the problematic of the mechanical and physical laws invariance regarding the spatial frame exchanges . We then prove the ( theoretical ) existence of a variable metric $ g_t $ , depending on time and satisfying to a simplified Einstein equation , so that all free ordinary trajectories are geodesics . This is done by considering the classical Galileo-Newtonian space and time relation , by using generalized Newtonian principles and adding the approved physical new ones ( as covariance principle , Mach principle , the Einstein equivalence principle ... ) in order to establish a new cosmological model of the dynamical Universe as being $ ( U ( t ) ) _ { t\geq 0 } = ( B_e ( O , t ) , g_t ) _ { t\geq 0 } $ , where $ B_e ( O , t ) $ is the Euclidean ball of radius $ t $ in $ \mathbb R^3 $ . The cosmological metric $ g_t $ is totally determined , at time $ t $ , by the mass energy distribution $ E_t ( X ) $ on $ B_e ( O , t ) $ . We study also the black holes phenomenon and we prove that the total and global cosmological energy distribution $ E_t ( X ) $ satisfies to the wave equation whose solutions are characterized by pseudo-frequencies depending on time and related to the spectrum of the Dirichlet problem on the unit ball $ B_e ( O,1 ) $ for the Laplace-Beltrami operator - $ \Delta $ . Our model is consistent in the sense that all Newtonian and classical physical laws are valid as particular cases in classical situations . Then , we show that all basic results of Modern Physics are still valid without using the second postulate of special relativity nor the uncertainty principle .
0705.1258	physics.atom-ph	A method of state-selective transfer of atoms between microtraps based on the Franck-Condon Principle	We present a method of transferring a cold atom between spatially separated microtraps by means of a Raman transition between the ground motional states of the two traps . The intermediate states for the Raman transition are the vibrational levels of a third microtrap , and we determine the experimental conditions for which the overlap of the wave functions leads to an efficient transfer . There is a close analogy with the Franck-Condon principle in the spectroscopy of molecules . Spin-dependent manipulation of neutral atoms in microtraps has important applications in quantum information processing . We also show that starting with several atoms , precisely one atom can be transferred to the final potential well hence giving deterministic preparation of single atoms .
0705.1261	physics.optics	Theory of spatial mode competition in a fiber amplifier	Theory of monochromatic wave field amplification in a waveguide array based on expansion of the wave field in terms of guided array modes is developed . Equations for the expansion coefficients include cross-modal gain , which completely changes behavior of the amplified wave field . Analysis of two-mode amplification reveals new unusual features in characteristics of two-mode amplifier . Instead of unlimited growth of both modes for incoherent fields , one of the modes grows with no limit and suppresses the lower-power mode . Effects associated with the cross-modal gain are illustrated analytically on a system of two thin parallel planar waveguides . Conditions are found when a mode with lower gain can become the dominant one at the output of amplifier .
0705.1274	physics.optics	Generation and amplification of Raman Stokes and anti-Stokes waves	We present general analytical expressions of Stokes and anti-Stokes spectral photon-flux densities that are spontaneously generated by a single monochromatic pump wave propagating in a single-mode optical fiber . We validate our results by comparing them with experimental data . Limiting cases of the general expressions corresponding to interesting physical situations are discussed .
0705.1281	physics.ao-ph math-ph math.MP nlin.SI physics.class-ph physics.flu-dyn physics.gen-ph	Viscous potential free-surface flows in a fluid layer of finite depth	It is shown how to model weakly dissipative free-surface flows using the classical potential flow approach . The Helmholtz-Leray decomposition is applied to the linearized 3D Navier-Stokes equations . The governing equations are treated using Fourier -- Laplace transforms . We show how to express the vortical component of the velocity only in terms of the potential and free-surface elevation . A new predominant nonlocal viscous term is derived in the bottom kinematic boundary condition . The resulting formulation is simple and does not involve any correction procedure as in previous viscous potential flow theories [ Joseph2004 ] . Corresponding long wave model equations are derived .
0705.1283	physics.atom-ph physics.ins-det	Cs CPT magnetometer for cardio-signal detection in unshielded environment	We present first , encouraging results obtained with an experimental apparatus based on Coherent Population Trapping and aimed at detecting biological ( cardiac ) magnetic field in magnetically compensated , but unshielded volume . The work includes magnetic-field and magnetic-field-gradient compensation and uses differential detection for cancellation of ( common mode ) magnetic noise . Synchronous data acquisition with a reference ( electro-cardiographic or pulse-oximetric ) signal allows for improving the S/N in an off-line averaging . The set-up has the relevant advantages of working at room temperature with a small-size head , and of allowing for fast adjustments of the dc bias magnetic field , which results in making the sensor suitable for detecting the bio-magnetic signal at any orientation with respect to the heart axis and in any position around the patient chest , which is not the case with other kinds of magnetometers .
0705.1289	physics.optics	Discrete Thermodynamics of Lasers	The paper offers a discrete thermodynamic model of lasers . Laser is an open system ; its equilibrium is based on a balance of two thermodynamic forces , one related to the incoming pumping power and another to the emitted light . The basic expression for such equilibrium is a logistic map , graphical solutions to which are pitchfork bifurcation diagrams . As pumping force increases , the relative populations on the ground and lasing branches tend to zero and unity correspondingly . An interesting feature of this model is the line spectrum of the up and down transitions between the branches beyond bifurcation point . Even in a simple case of 2-level laser with only 2 possible transition types ( up and down ) , the spectra look like sets of the line packets , starting well before the population inversion . This effect is an independent confirmation of the Einstein 's prohibition on practical realization of 2-level laser . Multilevel lasers may be approached by employing the idea of thermodynamic activity for the emitting atoms . Considering coefficient of thermodynamic activity of the lasing level atoms to be proportional to the ratio of life times on the upper and lasing ( the 3d ) levels , one can derive a new basic map for the multilevel laser system . For a modest ratio only of 0.01 , spontaneous transitions between levels are pushed to the area beyond population inversion , opening a space for the functioning of laser .
0705.1292	physics.data-an	Improved estimation of Fokker-Planck equations through optimisation	An improved method for the description of hierarchical complex systems by means of a Fokker-Planck equation is presented . In particular the limited-memory Broyden-Fletcher-Goldfarb-Shanno algorithm for constraint problems ( L-BFGS-B ) is used to minimize the distance between the numerical solutions of the Fokker-Planck equation and the empirical probability density functions and thus to estimate properly the drift and diffusion term of the Fokker-Planck equation . The optimisation routine is applied to a time series of velocity measurements obtained from a turbulent helium gas jet in order to demonstrate the benefits and to quantify the improvements of this new optimisation routine .
0705.1298	physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Mykyta the Fox and networks of language	The results of quantitative analysis of word distribution in two fables in Ukrainian by Ivan Franko : `` Mykyta the Fox '' and `` Abu-Kasym 's slippers '' are reported . Our study consists of two parts : the analysis of frequency-rank distributions and the application of complex networks theory . The analysis of frequency-rank distributions shows that the text sizes are enough to observe statistical properties . The power-law character of these distributions ( Zipf's law ) holds in the region of rank variable r=20 - 3000 with an exponent $ \alpha\simeq 1 $ . This substantiates the choice of the above texts to analyse typical properties of the language complex network on their basis . Besides , an applicability of the Simon model to describe non-asymptotic properties of word distributions is evaluated . In describing language as a complex network , usually the words are associated with nodes , whereas one may give different meanings to the network links . This results in different network representations . In the second part of the paper , we give different representations of the language network and perform comparative analysis of their characteristics . Our results demonstrate that the language network of Ukrainian is a strongly correlated scale-free small world . Empirical data obtained may be useful for theoretical description of language evolution .
0705.1299	physics.atom-ph	Ultracold Rydberg Atoms in a Ioffe-Pritchard Trap	We discuss the properties of ultracold Rydberg atoms in a Ioffe-Pritchard magnetic field configuration . The derived two-body Hamiltonian unveils how the large size of Rydberg atoms affects their coupling to the inhomogeneous magnetic field . The properties of the compound electronic and center of mass quantum states are thoroughly analyzed . We find very tight confinement of the center of mass motion in two dimensions to be achievable while barely changing the electronic structure compared to the field free case . This paves the way for generating a one-dimensional ultracold quantum Rydberg gas .
0705.1307	physics.med-ph q-bio.NC	Controlling posture using a plantar pressure-based , tongue-placed tactile biofeedback system	The present paper introduces an original biofeedback system for improving human balance control , whose underlying principle consists in providing additional sensory information related to foot sole pressure distribution to the user through a tongue-placed tactile output device . To assess the effect of this biofeedback system on postural control during quiet standing , ten young healthy adults were asked to stand as immobile as possible with their eyes closed in two conditions of No-biofeedback and Biofeedback . Centre of foot pressure ( CoP ) displacements were recorded using a force platform . Results showed reduced CoP displacements in the Biofeedback relative to the No-biofeedback condition . The present findings evidenced the ability of the central nervous system to efficiently integrate an artificial plantar-based , tongue-placed tactile biofeedback for controlling control posture during quiet standing .
0705.1363	physics.hist-ph	Enrico Fermi 's view of identical particles	In this paper I discuss Enrico Fermi 's view of identical particles , taking a lecture that he gave in 1933 as a starting point . Fermi used his lecture as a basis for a paper that was published in 1934 : the paper is in italian and is not easily accessible to a wide audience , and for this reason its translation is also given in a section of the present paper .
