0712.0900	physics.flu-dyn	Modeling the pressure Hessian and viscous Laplacian in Turbulence : comparisons with DNS and implications on velocity gradient dynamics	Modeling the velocity gradient tensor A along Lagrangian trajectories in turbulent flow requires closures for the pressure Hessian and viscous Laplacian of A . Based on an Eulerian-Lagrangian change of variables and the so-called Recent Fluid Deformation closure , such models were proposed recently . The resulting stochastic model was shown to reproduce many geometric and anomalous scaling properties of turbulence . In this work , direct comparisons between model predictions and Direct Numerical Simulation ( DNS ) data are presented . First , statistical properties of A are described using conditional averages of strain skewness , enstrophy production , energy transfer and vorticity alignments , conditioned upon invariants of A . These conditionally averaged quantities are found to be described accurately by the stochastic model . More detailed comparisons that focus directly on the terms being modeled in the closures are also presented . Specifically , conditional statistics associated with the pressure Hessian and the viscous Laplacian are measured from the model and are compared with DNS . Good agreement is found in strain-dominated regions . However , some features of the pressure Hessian linked to rotation dominated regions are not reproduced accurately by the model . Geometric properties such as vorticity alignment with respect to principal axes of the pressure Hessian are mostly predicted well . In particular , the model predicts that an eigenvector of the rate-of-strain will be also an eigenvector of the pressure Hessian , in accord to basic properties of the Euler equations . The analysis identifies under what conditions the Eulerian-Lagrangian change of variables with the Recent Fluid Deformation closure works well , and in which flow regimes it requires further improvements .
0712.0908	physics.ins-det physics.geo-ph	Theory of Operation of Direct String Magnetic Gradiometer with Proportional and Integral Feedback	A quantitative theory of operation of a novel device , namely Direct String Magnetic Gradiometer ( DSMG ) , is presented . The paper provides a detailed analysis of DSMG basic functions and measured quantities , represented in terms of physical parameters that are known either a priori or can be experimentally determined . It leaves a reasonable degree of freedom to further investigate some of the finer detail of this new instrument based on experimental results coming both from the laboratory environment and from field trials . The analysis also allows us to quantitatively evaluate the error budget for an optimised DSMG .
0712.0967	physics.gen-ph	Universality of the de Broglie-Einstein velocity equation	The de Broglie-Einstein velocity equation is derived for a relativistic particle by using the energy and momentum relations in terms of wave and matter properties . It is shown that the velocity equation is independent from the relativistic effects and is valid also for the non-relativistic case . The results of this property is discussed .
0712.0969	physics.atom-ph	Resonance enhanced isotope-selective photoionization of YbI for ion trap loading	Neutral Ytterbium ( YbI ) and singly ionized Ytterbium ( YbII ) is widely used in experiments in quantum optics , metrology and quantum information science . We report on the investigation of isotope selective two-photoionisation of YbI that allows for efficient loading of ion traps with YbII . Results are presented on two-colour ( 399 nm and 369 nm ) and single-colour ( 399 nm ) photoionisation and their efficiency is compared to electron impact ionisation . Nearly deterministic loading of a desired number of YbII ions into a linear Paul trap is demonstrated .
0712.1001	physics.data-an	Analysis based on the Wavelet & Hilbert transforms applied to the full time series of interbeats , for a triad of failures at the heart	A tetra of sets which elements are time series of interbeats has been obtained from the databank Physionet-MIT-BIH , corresponding to the following failures at the humans ' heart : Obstructive Sleep Apnea , Congestive Heart Failure , and Atrial Fibrillation . Those times series has been analyzed statistically using an already known technique based on the Wavelet and Hilbert Transforms . That technique has been applied to the time series of interbeats for 87 patients , in order to find out the dynamics of the heart . The size of the times series varies around 7 to 24 h. while the kind of wavelet selected for this study has been any one of : Daubechies , Biortoghonal , and Gaussian . The analysis has been done for the complet set of scales ranging from : 1-128 heartbeats . Choosing the Biorthogonal wavelet : bior3.1 , it is observed : ( a ) That the time series has n't to be cutted in shorter periods , with the purpose to obtain the collapsing of the data , ( b ) An analytical , universal behavior of the data , for the first and second diseases , but not for the third .
0712.1023	physics.plasm-ph	Charged Particle Stopping Power Effects on Ignition : Some Results from an Exact Calculation	A completely rigorous first-principles calculation of the charged particle stopping power has recently been performed by Brown , Preston , and Singleton ( BPS ) . This calculation is exact to leading and next-to-leading order in the plasma number density , including an exact treatment of two-body quantum scattering . The BPS calculation is therefore extremely accurate in the plasma regime realized during the ignition and burn of an inertial confinement fusion capsule . For deuterium-tritium fusion , the 3.5 MeV alpha particle range tends to be 20-30 % longer than most models in the literature have predicted , and the energy deposition into the ions tends to be smaller . Preliminary numerical simulations indicate that this increases the rho-R required to achieve ignition .
0712.1024	physics.soc-ph	Opinion Dynamics in an Open Community	We here discuss the process of opinion formation in an open community where agents are made to interact and consequently update their beliefs . New actors ( birth ) are assumed to replace individuals that abandon the community ( deaths ) . This dynamics is simulated in the framework of a simplified model that accounts for mutual affinity between agents . A rich phenomenology is presented and discussed with reference to the original ( closed group ) setting . Numerical findings are supported by analytical calculations .
0712.1045	physics.ins-det hep-ex	Optical Link of the Atlas Pixel Detector	The on-detector optical link of the ATLAS pixel detector contains radiation-hard receiver chips to decode bi-phase marked signals received on PIN arrays and data transmitter chips to drive VCSEL arrays . The components are mounted on hybrid boards ( opto-boards ) . We present results from the irradiation studies with 24 GeV protons up to 32 Mrad ( 1.2 x 10^15 p/cm^2 ) and the experience from the production .
0712.1068	physics.chem-ph physics.atom-ph	Exchange effects in elastic collisions of spin-polarized electrons with open-shell molecules with $ ^3\Sigma_g^- $ symmetry	The spin-exchange effect in spin-polarized electron collisions with unpolarized open-shell molecules , O $ _2 $ , B $ _2 $ , S $ _2 $ and Si $ _2 $ , has been studied by the R-matrix method with the fixed-bond approximation . All of these molecules have $ { } ^3 \Sigma_ { g } ^ { - } $ symmetry in their ground states . Usual integrated cross sections with unpolarized electrons has also been studied . We used the complete active space self consistent field orbitals and put more than 10 target electronic states in the R-matrix models . In electron O $ _2 $ elastic collisions , calculated polarization fractions agree well with the experimental results , especially around the $ { } ^4 \Sigma_u^- $ resonance . In e-B $ _2 $ , S $ _2 $ and Si $ _2 $ elastic collisions , larger spin-exchange effect is observed compared to the e-O $ _2 $ elastic collisions . In all four cases , spin-exchange effect becomes prominent near resonances . This association of resonance and magnitude of the spin-exchange effect was studied by explicitly removing the resonance configurations from the R-matrix calculations . In general , spin-exchange effect is larger in e-B $ _2 $ collisions than in e-S $ _2 $ and Si $ _2 $ collisions , and is smallest in e-O $ _2 $ collisions .
0712.1075	physics.med-ph	The Jacobian as a measure of planar dose congruence	We propose a new starting point for comparing dose distributions in therapeutic radiation physics using a Jacobian-based measure . The measure is normalization independent , free of tunable parameters , bounded and converges to a unique value when comparing unrelated dose distributions . We present a preliminary demonstration of the sensitivity and general characteristics of this measure .
