0708.1988	physics.class-ph	Electrically Small Supergain Arrays	The theory , computer simulations , and experimental measurements are presented for electrically small two-element supergain arrays with near optimal endfire gains of 7 dB . We show how the difficulties of narrow tolerances , large mismatches , low radiation efficiencies , and reduced scattering of electrically small parasitic elements are overcome by using electrically small resonant antennas as the elements in both separately driven and singly driven ( parasitic ) two-element electrically small supergain endfire arrays . Although rapidly increasing narrow tolerances prevent the practical realization of the maximum theoretically possible endfire gain of electrically small arrays with many elements , the theory and preliminary numerical simulations indicate that near maximum supergains are also achievable in practice for electrically small arrays with three ( and possibly more ) resonant elements if the decreasing bandwidth with increasing number of elements can be tolerated .
0708.2028	physics.gen-ph physics.optics	Studies of Optical Damage in Photorefractive Single LiNbO3 Crystals using Imaging Polarimetry	The optical damage of photorefractive material , single LiNbO3 crystal , is experimentally studied . The specimen has been illuminated with the radiation of continuous Ar-laser ( the wavelength of 488 nm ) focused to 35 ? m spot . The induced birefringence map is obtained by means of imaging polarimeter . Promising resources of the experimental setup for detecting laser-induced damage in photorefractive materials is demonstrated .
0708.2035	physics.gen-ph physics.optics	Acoustooptic Diffraction in Borate Crystals	The efficiency of acoustooptic ( AO ) diffraction in a-BaB2O4 and Li2B4O7 crystals is studied experimentally . The crystals are shown to be quite good AO materials . The efficiency of AO diffraction in a-BaB2O4 reaches h=30 % at the electric signal power of P=0.7W for the transverse acoustic wave and 15 % at the power of P=0.56W for the longitudinal wave . The same parameter for Li2B4O7 reaches h=21 % at P=0,81W for the longitudinal acoustic wave .
0708.2040	physics.plasm-ph	Radiation Pressure Acceleration of Thin Foils with Circularly Polarized Laser Pulses	A new regime is described for Radiation Pressure Acceleration of a thin foil by an intense laser beam of above 10^20 W/cm^2 . Highly monoenergetic proton beams extending to GeV energies can be produced with very high efficiency using circularly polarized light . The proton beams have a very small divergence angle ( less than 4 degrees ) . This new method allows the construction of ultra-compact proton and ion accelerators with ultra-short particle bursts .
0708.2049	physics.plasm-ph physics.flu-dyn	Three-dimensional MHD simulation of expanding magnetic flux ropes	Three-dimensional , time-dependent numerical simulations of the dynamics of magnetic flux ropes are presented . The simulations are targeted towards an experiment previously conducted at CalTech ( Bellan , P. M. and J. F. Hansen , Phys . Plasmas , 5 , 1991 ( 1998 ) ) which aimed at simulating Solar prominence eruptions in the laboratory . The plasma dynamics is described by ideal MHD using different models for the evolution of the mass density . Key features of the reported experimental observations like pinching of the current loop , its expansion and distortion into helical shape are reproduced in the numerical simulations . Details of the final structure depend on the choice of a specific model for the mass density .
0708.2053	physics.soc-ph	Fluctuation scaling in complex systems : Taylor 's law and beyond	Complex systems consist of many interacting elements which participate in some dynamical process . The activity of various elements is often different and the fluctuation in the activity of an element grows monotonically with the average activity . This relationship is often of the form `` $ fluctuations \approx const.\times average^\alpha $ '' , where the exponent $ \alpha $ is predominantly in the range $ [ 1/2 , 1 ] $ . This power law has been observed in a very wide range of disciplines , ranging from population dynamics through the Internet to the stock market and it is often treated under the names \emph { Taylor 's law } or \emph { fluctuation scaling } . This review attempts to show how general the above scaling relationship is by surveying the literature , as well as by reporting some new empirical data and model calculations . We also show some basic principles that can underlie the generality of the phenomenon . This is followed by a mean-field framework based on sums of random variables . In this context the emergence of fluctuation scaling is equivalent to some corresponding limit theorems . In certain physical systems fluctuation scaling can be related to finite size scaling .
0708.2071	physics.soc-ph physics.ed-ph q-fin.GN	Eduction and Economy -- An Analysis of Statistical Data	In this paper the correlation between education , research and macroeconomic strength of countries at a global scale is analyzed on the basis of statistical data published by the UNIDO and OECD . It uses sets of composite indicators describing the economical performance and competitiveness as well as those relevant for human development , education , knowledge and technology achievement and correlates them . It turns out that for countries with a human development index ( HDI ) below 0.7 the basic education and technology achievement indices are the driving force for further development , whereas for the industrialized countries the knowledge index as a composite education and communication index has the strongest effect on the economic strength of a country as measured by the gross domestic product .
0708.2108	physics.optics	Morphological effects on surface plasmon polaritons at the planar interface of a metal and a columnar thin film The Planar Interface Of A Metal And A Columnar Thin Film	Surface plasmon polaritons ( SPPs ) at the interface of a columnar thin film ( CTF ) and metal exist over a range of propagation directions relative to the morphology of the CTF which depends on the tilt of the columns in the CTF . The phase speed of the SPP wave varies mainly as a function of the tilt of the CTF columns . Both the confinement of the SPP wave to the interface and the decay of the SPP wave along the direction of propagation depend strongly on the direction of propagation relative to the morphologically significant plane of the CTF . The greater the columnar tilt in relation to the interface , the shorter is the range of propagation . Because of its porosity and the ability to engineer this biaxial dielectric material , the CTF-metal interface may be more attractive than traditional methods of producing SPPs .
0708.2110	physics.optics	Precision polarimetry with real-time mitigation of optical-window birefringence	Optical-window birefringence is frequently a major obstacle in experiments measuring changes in the polarization state of light traversing a sample under investigation . It can contribute a signal indistinguishable from that due to the sample and complicate the analysis . Here , we explore a method to measure and compensate for the birefringence of an optical window using the reflection from the last optical surface before the sample . We demonstrate that this arrangement can cancel out false signals due to the optical-window birefringence-induced ellipticity drift to about 1 % , for the values of total ellipticity less than 0.25 rad .
