0710.2657	physics.plasm-ph	Non-Newtonian viscosity in magnetized plasma	The particle and momentum balance equations can be solved on concentric circular flux surfaces to determine the effective viscous drag present in a magnetized tokamak plasma in the low aspect ratio limit . An analysis is developed utilizing the first-order Fourier expansion of the poloidal variation of quantities on the flux surface akin to that by Stacey and Sigmar [ Phys . Fluids , 28 , 9 ( 1985 ) ] . Expressions to determine the poloidal variations of density , poloidal velocity , toroidal velocity , radial electric field , poloidal electric field , and other radial profiles are presented in a multi-species setting . Using as input experimental data for the flux surface averaged profiles of density , temperature , toroidal current , toroidal momentum injection , and the poloidal and toroidal rotations of at least one species of ion , one may solve the equations numerically for the remaining profiles . The resultant effective viscosities are compared to those predicted by Stacey and Sigmar and Shaing , et al. , [ Nuclear Fusion , 25 , 4 ( 1985 ) ] . A velocity dependence of the effective viscosity is observed , indicating the presence of non-Newtonian fluid behavior in magnetized plasma .
0710.2660	physics.plasm-ph	Viscosity and confinement in magnetized plasma	An alternative to the Braginskii decomposition is proposed , one rooted in treating the viscosity as a scalar quantity in a coordinate-free representation . With appropriate application to the rate-of-shear tensor , one may solve the neoclassical force density equations for its undetermined velocity dependence , as well as the radial and poloidal profiles mentioned in [ R. W. Johnson , Phys . Plasmas , under review ] , using an improved poloidal expansion . The pseudoplastic behavior of magnetized plasma is again obtained , and the high viscosity solution is determined to be physical . A clear relationship between confinement mode and viscosity is observed , indicating a physical origin for transport barriers , pedestals , and other phenomena . The gyroviscous contribution is found to be an effect on the order of one one-thousandth of one percent of the dominant collisional viscosity .
0710.2688	physics.gen-ph	On the invariant thermal Proca - Klein - Gordon equation	In this paper we discuss the invariant thermal Proca - Klein - Gordon equation ( PKG ) . We argue that for the thermal PKG equation the absolute velocity is equal v = alpha*c , where alpha is the fine stucture constant for electromagnetic interaction .
0710.2692	physics.optics cond-mat.soft physics.bio-ph	Nanomorphology of the blue iridescent wings of a giant tropical wasp , `` Megascolia procer javanensis '' ( Hymenoptera )	The wings of the giant wasp `` Megascolia Procer Javanensis '' are opaque and iridescent . The origin of the blue-green iridescence is studied in detail , using reflection spectroscopy , scanning electron microscopy and physical modelling . It is shown that the structure responsible for the iridescence is a single homogeneous transparent chitin layer covering the whole surface of each wing . The opacity is essentially due to the presence of melanin in the stratified medium which forms the mechanical core of the wing .
0710.2695	physics.optics cond-mat.soft physics.bio-ph	Optical structure and function of the white filamentary hair covering the edelweiss bracts	The optical properties of the inflorescence of the high-altitude ''Leontopodium nivale '' subsp . ''alpinum '' ( edelweiss ) is investigated , in relation with its submicrometer structure , as determined by scanning electron microscopy . The filaments forming the hair layer have been found to exhibit an internal structure which may be one of the few examples of a photonic structure found in a plant . Measurements of light transmission through a self-supported layer of hair pads taken from the bracts supports the idea that the wooly layer covering the plant absorbs near-ultraviolet radiation before it reaches the cellular tissue . Calculations based on a photonic-crystal model provides insight on the way radiation can be absorbed by the filamentary threads .
