0710.3972	physics.data-an cond-mat.stat-mech physics.soc-ph	Centrality measures and thermodynamic formalism for complex networks	In the study of small and large networks it is customary to perform a simple random walk , where the random walker jumps from one node to one of its neighbours with uniform probability . The properties of this random walk are intimately related to the combinatorial properties of the network . In this paper we propose to use the Ruelle-Bowens random walk instead , whose probability transitions are chosen in order to maximise the entropy rate of the walk on an unweighted graph . If the graph is weighted , then a free energy is optimised instead of entropy rate . Specifically , we introduce a centrality measure for large networks , which is the stationary distribution attained by the the Ruelle-Bowens random walk ; we name it Entropy Rank . We introduce a more general version , able to deal with disconnected networks , under the name of Free Energy Rank . We compare the properties of those centrality measures with the classic PageRank and HITS on both toy and real-life examples , in particular their robustness to small modifications of the network . It is observed that our centrality measures have a better discriminating power than PageRank , being able to distinguish clearly pages that PageRank holds for almost equally interesting , and is more sensitive to the medium-scale details of the graph .
0710.3976	physics.plasm-ph hep-ph physics.chem-ph	An attempt to control a manmade nuclear fusion	A detailed simple model is applied to study a high temperature hydrogen plasma ball . It is assumed that the ions and delocalized electrons are distributed randomly throughout the charged plasma ball ( extra/missing charge is assumed to be found in a thin layer on the surface of a ball ) . The energy of the microscopic electrostatic field around the ions is taken into account and calculated . It is shown in the framework of the model that charged hydrogen plasma ball can be stable as a metastable state , when subjected to external ( atmospheric ) pressure . Equilibrium radius of a ball , the barrier and the enthalpy of the equilibrium ball are calculated . It looks like the charged plasma ball in a metastable equilibrium should be used to conduct controllable nuclear fusion . Changes in the electric charge can be used to control the volume of a plasma ball .
0710.3985	physics.atom-ph	Antiproton-deuteron atoms in models of realistic potentials	The antiproton-deuteron atoms are studied in models of various realistic , popular nucleon-antinucleon potentials . The small energy shifts and decay widths of the atoms , which stem from the short-ranged strong interactions between the antiproton and deuteron , are evaluated in a well-established , accurate approach based on the Sturmian functions . The investigation reveals that none of the employed potentials , which reproduce the nucleon-antinucleon scattering data quite well , is able to reproduce the experimental data of the energy shifts of the 2p antiproton-deuteron atomic states . The energy shifts of the 2p antiproton-deuteron atomic states are very sensitive to the nucleon-antinucleon strong interactions , hence the investigation of the antiproton-deuteron atoms is expected to provide a good platform for refining the nucleon-antinucleon interaction , especially at zero energy .
0710.4005	physics.flu-dyn astro-ph	Dynamo quenching due to shear flow	We provide a theory of dynamo ( $ \alpha $ effect ) and momentum transport in three-dimensional magnetohydrodynamics . For the first time , we show that the $ \alpha $ effect is severely reduced by the shear even in the absence of magnetic field . The $ \alpha $ effect is further suppressed by magnetic fields well below equipartition ( with the large-scale flow ) with different scalings depending on the relative strength of shear and magnetic field . The turbulent viscosity is also found to be significantly reduced by shear and magnetic fields , with positive value . These results suggest a crucial effect of shear and magnetic field on dynamo quenching and momentum transport reduction , with important implications for laboratory and astrophysical plasmas , in particular for the dynamics of the Sun .
0710.4006	physics.atom-ph cond-mat.other cond-mat.stat-mech	Critical Temperature for Bose-Einstein condensation in quartic potentials	The quartic confining potential has emerged as a key ingredient to obtain fast rotating vortices in BEC as well as observation of quantum phase transitions in optical lattices . We calculate the critical temperature $ T_c $ of bosons at which normal to BEC transition occurs for the quartic confining potential . Further more , we evaluate the effect of finite particle number on $ T_c $ and find that $ \Delta T_c/T_c $ is larger in quartic potential as compared to quadratic potential for number of particles $ < 10^5 $ . Interestingly , the situation is reversed if the number of particles is $ \gtrsim10^5 $ .
0710.4008	physics.soc-ph	Scale-free networks resistant to intentional attacks	We study the detailed mechanism of the failure of scale-free networks under intentional attacks . Although it is generally accepted that such networks are very sensitive to targeted attacks , we show that for a particular type of structure such networks surprisingly remain very robust even under removal of a large fraction of their nodes , which in some cases can be up to 70 % . The degree distribution $ P ( k ) $ of these structures is such that for small values of the degree $ k $ the distribution is constant with $ k $ , up to a critical value $ k_c $ , and thereafter it decays with $ k $ with the usual power law . We describe in detail a model for such a scale-free network with this modified degree distribution , and we show both analytically and via simulations , that this model can adequately describe all the features and breakdown characteristics of these attacks . We have found several experimental networks with such features , such as for example the IMDB actors collaboration network or the citations network , whose resilience to attacks can be accurately described by our model .
0710.4014	physics.plasm-ph physics.acc-ph	Dynamic Control of Laser Produced Proton Beams	The emission characteristics of intense laser driven protons are controlled using ultra-strong ( of the order of 10^9 V/m ) electrostatic fields varying on a few ps timescale . The field structures are achieved by exploiting the high potential of the target ( reaching multi-MV during the laser interaction ) . Suitably shaped targets result in a reduction in the proton beam divergence , and hence an increase in proton flux while preserving the high beam quality . The peak focusing power and its temporal variation are shown to depend on the target characteristics , allowing for the collimation of the inherently highly divergent beam and the design of achromatic electrostatic lenses .
0710.4045	physics.atom-ph	A new formulation of the relativistic many-body theory of electric dipole moments of closed shell atoms	The electric dipole moments of closed-shell atoms are sensitive to the parity and time-reversal violating phenomena in the nucleus . The nuclear Schiff moment is one such property , it arises from the parity and time reversal violating quark-quark interactions and the quark-chromo electric dipole moments . We calculate the electric dipole moment of atomic $ ^ { 199 } { \rm Hg } $ arising from the nuclear Schiff moment using the relativistic coupled-cluster theory . This is the most accurate calculation of the quantity to date . Our calculations in combination with the experiment data provide important insights to the P and T violating coupling constants at the elementary particle level . In addition , a new limit on the tensor-pseudo tensor induced atomic EDM , calculated using the relativistic coupled-cluster theory is also presented .
0710.4100	physics.flu-dyn nlin.CD	Sub-Kolmogorov-Scale Fluctuations in Fluid Turbulence	We relate the intermittent fluctuations of velocity gradients in turbulence to a whole range of local dissipation scales generalizing the picture of a single mean dissipation length . The statistical distribution of these local dissipation scales as a function of Reynolds number is determined in numerical simulations of forced homogeneous isotropic turbulence with a spectral resolution never applied before which exceeds the standard one by at least a factor of eight . The core of the scale distribution agrees well with a theoretical prediction . Increasing Reynolds number causes the generation of ever finer local dissipation scales . This is in line with a less steep decay of the large-wavenumber energy spectra in the dissipation range . The energy spectrum for the highest accessible Taylor microscale Reynolds number R_lambda=107 does not show a bottleneck .
0710.4179	physics.data-an	On a Connection between Entropy , Extensive Measurement and Memoryless Characterization	We define an entropy based on a chosen governing probability distribution . If a certain kind of measurements follow such a distribution it also gives us a suitable scale to study it with . This scale will appear as a link function that is applied to the measurements . A link function can also be used to define an alternative structure on a set . We will see that generalized entropies are equivalent to using a different scale for the phenomenon that is studied compared to the scale the measurements arrive on . An extensive measurement scale is here a scale for which measurements fulfill a memoryless property . We conclude that the alternative algebraic structure defined by the link function must be used if we continue to work on the original scale . We derive Tsallis entropy by using a generalized log-logistic governing distribution . Typical applications of Tsallis entropy are related to phenomena with power-law behaviour .
