0704.0051	physics.ed-ph quant-ph	Visualizing Teleportation	A novel way of picturing the processing of quantum information is described , allowing a direct visualization of teleportation of quantum states and providing a simple and intuitive understanding of this fascinating phenomenon . The discussion is aimed at providing physicists a method of explaining teleportation to non-scientists . The basic ideas of quantum physics are first explained in lay terms , after which these ideas are used with a graphical description , out of which teleportation arises naturally .
0704.0131	physics.gen-ph	Vacuum Structure and Potential	Based on overall experimental observations , especially the pair processes , I developed a model structure of the vacuum along with a basic-particle formation scheme begun in 2000 ( with collaborator P-I Johansson ) . The model consists in that the vacuum is , briefly , filled of neutral but polarizable vacuuons , consisting each of a p-vaculeon and n- vaculeon of charges $ +e $ and $ -e $ of zero rest masses but with spin motions , assumed interacting each other with a Coulomb force . The model has been introduced in full in a book ( Nova Sci , 2005 ) and referred to in a number of journal/E-print papers . I outline in this easier accessible paper the detailed derivation of the model and a corresponding quantitative determination of the vacuuon size .
0704.0136	physics.gen-ph	Compounding Fields and Their Quantum Equations in the Trigintaduonion Space	The 32-dimensional compounding fields and their quantum interplays in the trigintaduonion space can be presented by analogy with octonion and sedenion electromagnetic , gravitational , strong and weak interactions . In the trigintaduonion fields which are associated with the electromagnetic , gravitational , strong and weak interactions , the study deduces some conclusions of field source particles ( quarks and leptons ) and intermediate particles which are consistent with current some sorts of interaction theories . In the trigintaduonion fields which are associated with the hyper-strong and strong-weak fields , the paper draws some predicts and conclusions of the field source particles ( sub-quarks ) and intermediate particles . The research results show that there may exist some new particles in the nature .
0704.0147	physics.optics physics.class-ph quant-ph	A POVM view of the ensemble approach to polarization optics	Statistical ensemble formalism of Kim , Mandel and Wolf ( J. Opt . Soc . Am . A 4 , 433 ( 1987 ) ) offers a realistic model for characterizing the effect of stochastic non-image forming optical media on the state of polarization of transmittedlight . With suitable choice of the Jones ensemble , various Mueller transformations - some of which have been unknown so far - are deduced . It is observed that the ensemble approach is formally identical to the positive operator valued measures ( POVM ) on the quantum density matrix . This observation , in combination with the recent suggestion by Ahnert and Payne ( Phys . Rev . A 71 , 012330 , ( 2005 ) ) - in the context of generalized quantum measurement on single photon polarization states - that linear optics elements can be employed in setting up all possible POVMs , enables us to propose a way of realizing different types of Mueller devices .
0704.0151	physics.data-an physics.comp-ph	Extraction of physical laws from joint experimental data	The extraction of a physical law y=yo ( x ) from joint experimental data about x and y is treated . The joint , the marginal and the conditional probability density functions ( PDF ) are expressed by given data over an estimator whose kernel is the instrument scattering function . As an optimal estimator of yo ( x ) the conditional average is proposed . The analysis of its properties is based upon a new definition of prediction quality . The joint experimental information and the redundancy of joint measurements are expressed by the relative entropy . With the number of experiments the redundancy on average increases , while the experimental information converges to a certain limit value . The difference between this limit value and the experimental information at a finite number of data represents the discrepancy between the experimentally determined and the true properties of the phenomenon . The sum of the discrepancy measure and the redundancy is utilized as a cost function . By its minimum a reasonable number of data for the extraction of the law yo ( x ) is specified . The mutual information is defined by the marginal and the conditional PDFs of the variables . The ratio between mutual information and marginal information is used to indicate which variable is the independent one . The properties of the introduced statistics are demonstrated on deterministically and randomly related variables .
0704.0153	physics.gen-ph	Reciprocal Symmetry and Classical Discrete Oscillator Incorporating Half-Integral Energy Levels	Classical oscillator differential equation is replaced by the corresponding ( finite time ) difference equation . The equation is , then , symmetrized so that it remains invariant under the change d going to -d , where d is the smallest span of time . This symmetric equation has solutions , which come in reciprocally related pairs . One member of a pair agrees with the classical solution and the other is an oscillating solution and does not converge to a limit as d goes to 0 . This solution contributes to oscillator energy a term which is a multiple of half-integers .
0704.0162	physics.data-an physics.comp-ph	Estimation of experimental data redundancy and related statistics	Redundancy of experimental data is the basic statistic from which the complexity of a natural phenomenon and the proper number of experiments needed for its exploration can be estimated . The redundancy is expressed by the entropy of information pertaining to the probability density function of experimental variables . Since the calculation of entropy is inconvenient due to integration over a range of variables , an approximate expression for redundancy is derived that includes only a sum over the set of experimental data about these variables . The approximation makes feasible an efficient estimation of the redundancy of data along with the related experimental information and information cost function . From the experimental information the complexity of the phenomenon can be simply estimated , while the proper number of experiments needed for its exploration can be determined from the minimum of the cost function . The performance of the approximate estimation of these statistics is demonstrated on two-dimensional normally distributed random data .
0704.0177	physics.optics	Robust manipulation of electron spin coherence in an ensemble of singly charged quantum dots	Using the recently reported mode locking effect we demonstrate a highly robust control of electron spin coherence in an ensemble of ( In , Ga ) As quantum dots during the single spin coherence time . The spin precession in a transverse magnetic field can be fully controlled up to 25 K by the parameters of the exciting pulsed laser protocol such as the pulse train sequence , leading to adjustable quantum beat bursts in Faraday rotation . Flipping of the electron spin precession phase was demonstrated by inverting the polarization within a pulse doublet sequence .
0704.0178	physics.plasm-ph	Equation of state for dense hydrogen and plasma phase transition	We calculate the equation of state of dense hydrogen within the chemical picture . Fluid variational theory is generalized for a multi-component system of molecules , atoms , electrons , and protons . Chemical equilibrium is supposed for the reactions dissociation and ionization . We identify the region of thermodynamic instability which is related to the plasma phase transition . The reflectivity is calculated along the Hugoniot curve and compared with experimental results . The equation-of-state data is used to calculate the pressure and temperature profiles for the interior of Jupiter .
0704.0181	physics.optics physics.comp-ph	Genetic Optimization of Photonic Bandgap Structures	We investigate the use of a Genetic Algorithm ( GA ) to design a set of photonic crystals ( PCs ) in one and two dimensions . Our flexible design methodology allows us to optimize PC structures which are optimized for specific objectives . In this paper , we report the results of several such GA-based PC optimizations . We show that the GA performs well even in very complex design spaces , and therefore has great potential for use as a robust design tool in present and future applications .
0704.0191	physics.bio-ph physics.data-an q-bio.BM	Intricate Knots in Proteins : Function and Evolution	A number of recently discovered protein structures incorporate a rather unexpected structural feature : a knot in the polypeptide backbone . These knots are extremely rare , but their occurrence is likely connected to protein function in as yet unexplored fashion . Our analysis of the complete Protein Data Bank reveals several new knots which , along with previously discovered ones , can shed light on such connections . In particular , we identify the most complex knot discovered to date in human ubiquitin hydrolase , and suggest that its entangled topology protects it against unfolding and degradation by the proteasome . Knots in proteins are typically preserved across species and sometimes even across kingdoms . However , we also identify a knot which only appears in some transcarbamylases while being absent in homologous proteins of similar structure . The emergence of the knot is accompanied by a shift in the enzymatic function of the protein . We suggest that the simple insertion of a short DNA fragment into the gene may suffice to turn an unknotted into a knotted structure in this protein .
0704.0206	physics.optics	Resonant activation in bistable semiconductor lasers	We theoretically investigate the possibility of observing resonant activation in the hopping dynamics of two-mode semiconductor lasers . We present a series of simulations of a rate-equations model under random and periodic modulation of the bias current . In both cases , for an optimal choice of the modulation time-scale , the hopping times between the stable lasing modes attain a minimum . The simulation data are understood by means of an effective one-dimensional Langevin equation with multiplicative fluctuations . Our conclusions apply to both Edge Emitting and Vertical Cavity Lasers , thus opening the way to several experimental tests in such optical systems .
0704.0248	physics.optics math-ph math.MP	A Rigorous Time-Domain Analysis of Full -- Wave Electromagnetic Cloaking ( Invisibility )	There is currently a great deal of interest in the theoretical and practical possibility of cloaking objects from the observation by electromagnetic waves . The basic idea of these invisibility devices \cite { glu1 , glu2 , le } , \cite { pss1 } is to use anisotropic { \it transformation media } whose permittivity and permeability $ \var^ { \lambda\nu } , \mu^ { \lambda\nu } $ , are obtained from the ones , $ \var_0^ { \lambda\nu } , \mu^ { \lambda\nu } _0 $ , of isotropic media , by singular transformations of coordinates . In this paper we study electromagnetic cloaking in the time-domain using the formalism of time-dependent scattering theory . This formalism allows us to settle in an unambiguous way the mathematical problems posed by the singularities of the inverse of the permittivity and the permeability of the { \it transformation media } on the boundary of the cloaked objects . We write Maxwell 's equations in Schr\ '' odinger form with the electromagnetic propagator playing the role of the Hamiltonian . We prove that the electromagnetic propagator outside of the cloaked objects is essentially self-adjoint . Moreover , the unique self-adjoint extension is unitarily equivalent to the electromagnetic propagator in the medium $ \var_0^ { \lambda\nu } , \mu^ { \lambda\nu } _0 $ . Using this fact , and since the coordinate transformation is the identity outside of a ball , we prove that the scattering operator is the identity . Our results give a rigorous proof that the construction of \cite { glu1 , glu2 , le } , \cite { pss1 } perfectly cloaks passive and active devices from observation by electromagnetic waves . Furthermore , we prove cloaking for general anisotropic materials . In particular , our results prove that it is possible to cloak objects inside general crystals .
0704.0263	physics.flu-dyn physics.plasm-ph	Turbulent Diffusion of Lines and Circulations	We study material lines and passive vectors in a model of turbulent flow at infinite-Reynolds number , the Kraichnan-Kazantsev ensemble of velocities that are white-noise in time and rough ( Hoelder continuous ) in space . It is argued that the phenomenon of `` spontaneous stochasticity '' generalizes to material lines and that conservation of circulations generalizes to a `` martingale property '' of the stochastic process of lines .
0704.0274	physics.comp-ph	New version announcement for TaylUR , an arbitrary-order diagonal automatic differentiation package for Fortran 95	We present a new version of TaylUR , a Fortran 95 module to automatically compute the numerical values of a complex-valued function 's derivatives with respect to several variables up to an arbitrary order in each variable , but excluding mixed derivatives . The new version fixes a potentially serious bug in the code for exponential-related functions that could corrupt the imaginary parts of derivatives , as well as being compatible with a wider range of compilers .
0704.0305	physics.bio-ph	Polymerization Force Driven Buckling of Microtubule Bundles Determines the Wavelength of Patterns Formed in Tubulin Solutions	We present a model for the spontaneous formation of a striated pattern in polymerizing microtubule solutions . It describes the buckling of a single microtubule ( MT ) bundle within an elastic network formed by other similarly aligned and buckling bundles and unaligned MTs . Phase contrast and polarization microscopy studies of the temporal evolution of the pattern imply that the polymerization of MTs within the bundles creates the driving compressional force . Using the measured rate of buckling , the established MT force-velocity curve and the pattern wavelength , we obtain reasonable estimates for the MT bundle bending rigidity and the elastic constant of the network . The analysis implies that the bundles buckle as solid rods .
0704.0308	physics.soc-ph	Effect of node deleting on network structure	The ever-increasing knowledge of the structure of various real-world networks has uncovered their complex multi-mechanism-governed evolution processes . Therefore , a better understanding of the structure and evolution of these networked complex systems requires us to describe such processes in a more detailed and realistic manner . In this paper , we introduce a new type of network growth rule which comprises addition and deletion of nodes , and propose an evolving network model to investigate the effect of node deleting on network structure . It is found that , with the introduction of node deleting , network structure is significantly transformed . In particular , degree distribution of the network undergoes a transition from scale-free to exponential forms as the intensity of node deleting increases . At the same time , nontrivial disassortative degree correlation develops spontaneously as a natural result of network evolution in the model . We also demonstrate that node deleting introduced in the model does not destroy the connectedness of a growing network so long as the increasing rate of edges is not excessively small . In addition , it is found that node deleting will weaken but not eliminate the small-world effect of a growing network , and generally it will decrease the clustering coefficient in a network .
