0709.0038	physics.gen-ph	Experimental Consequences of Regular Charge-Monopole Electrodynamics	This work points out an application of the regular theory of charge-monopole electrodynamics to the new experiments of very high energy . Using this theory , it is explained why the new regions of high energy interactions that will be explored by CERN 's Large Hadron Collider may show a significant increase of the cross section . This conclusion illustrates the significance of the extension of electrodynamics that takes the form of the regular charge-monopole theory .
0709.0050	physics.optics	Interchangeability of Combined Piezoelectrooptic Effect in LiTaO3 and LiNbO3 Crystals	In the present paper the coefficients of piezooptic ( PO ) , electrooptic ( EO ) and combined piezoelectrooptic ( PEO ) effects for LiNbO3 and LiTaO3 crystals are reported . It is shown that the combined PEO effect is interchangeable , i.e . its coefficients determined independ-ently from the EO and PO experiments are the same .
0709.0051	physics.optics	Electrooptic Effect in Non-Centrosymmetric CsLiB6O10 Borate Crystals	Electrooptic coefficient of CsLiB6O10 crystals has been experimentally determined as r63=3.3*10-12m/V . The half-wave voltage for CsLiB6O10 ( Ul/2=26 kV ) is three orders of magnitude larger than that of the known KDP crystals .
0709.0052	physics.optics	Combined Piezoelectrooptic Effect in Rochelle Salt at the Phase Transition	The results of study of piezoelectrooptic ( PEO ) effect in the course of ferroelectric-ferroelastic phase transition in Rochelle salt crystals are presented . The coefficient of the combined effect is obtained from measurements of the changes in the electrooptic coefficients under the action of mechanical stress and the changes in the piezooptic coefficients under the action of electric field ( or spontaneous polarization ) . It is shown experimentally that the values of both coefficients are the same , as predicted by the theory . The temperature dependence of the coefficient of combined PEO effect is obtained . Its anomalous behaviour at the phase transition appears due to the dielectric permitivity anomaly . It is also demonstrated that the change in the piezooptic coefficients at the phase transition in Rochelle salt crystals may be satisfactorily explained as a result of linear and quadratic PEO effect induced by spontaneous polarization .
0709.0054	physics.optics	Acoustooptic Interaction in Barium Beta-Borate Crystals	Basing on the measurements of photoelastic coefficients , acoustic waves velocities and the refractive indices , the possible geometries for acoustooptic interaction in b-BaB2O4 crystals have been analysed . It has been shown that the acoustooptic figure of merit achieves its maximum value when the transverse acoustic wave v13 with the velocity 817m/s is propagated in YZ-plane . In this case M2=95.35*10-15s3/kg .
0709.0056	physics.optics	Piezooptic Properties of beta-BaB2O4 and Li2B4O7 Crystals	Photoelastic coefficients of beta-BaB2O4 and Li2B4O7 crystals are calculated on the basis of piezooptic measurements performed with interferometric technique and the elastic compliance and stiffness data . Using the experimental results , the acoustooptic ( AO ) figure of merit ( FM ) has been estimated for the possible geometries of AO interaction . It is shown that the AO FM for the ABO and LTB crystals reach respectively the values M2=243.4*10-15s3/kg and M2=2.57*10-15s3/kg , if the interaction with the slowest ultrasonic waves ( v=933.5m/s and v=3173m/s ) is concerned . The directions of propagation and polarization of those acoustic waves are obtained on the basis of construction of indicative surfaces of the acoustic wave velocities .
0709.0057	physics.optics	Crystal Optical Properties of Inhomogeneous Plates and the Problems of Polarization Tomography of Photoelastic Materials	Using the Jones matrix formalism , crystal optical properties of inhomogeneous material consisting of a pile of weakly birefringent plates are analysed in relation to the cell model adopted in polarization tomography of 3D dielectric tensor field in photoelastic media . It is shown that the material manifests in general an `` apparent '' optical gyration caused by different orientations of the plates . Relations between the polarimetric parameters and the dielectric tensor components are ascertained for the case of weak optical anisotropy .
0709.0062	physics.optics	Anisotropy of Laser-Induced Bulk Damage of Single Crystals	The regularities of laser-induced damage of anisotropic materials , such as LiNbO3 and KDP dielectric single crystals , are experimentally studied . It is revealed that the shape of laser-induced damage in the dielectric crystals depends on the elastic symmetry of crystal and the propagation direction of the laser beam . When the beam propagates along the optic axis of crystals , the figures of the laser damage are six-path stars for LiNbO3 and four-path ones for KDP crystals . For the direction parallel to X and Y axes in KDP crystal , the damage has initially cross-like configuration , with further splitting of Z-oriented crack into two cracks in the process of damage evolution , leading to transformation of orthogonal-type damage to a hexagonal-type one .
0709.0078	physics.soc-ph	Holding strategies in a bus-route model	A major source of delays in public transportation is the clustering instability , which causes late buses to become progressively later while the buses trailing it become progressively earlier . In this paper , we study this instability and how to neutralize it using the common practices of holding and schedule slack . Starting with an on-time route , we delay one or more buses at a single stop , and determine how these delays grow over time . We compare the effects of two different types of holding on the stability of the system , and briefly investigate how our results change with the use of timepoints .
