0704.1854	physics.ed-ph	Teaching for transfer	Students , after they leave our care , are called to solve the diverse problems of the world , so we should teach to increase transfer : the ability to apply fundamental principles to new problems and contexts . This ability is rare . The following pages are from a workshop for faculty on designing courses that promote transfer . I discuss two design principles : to name the transferable ideas and to illustrate them with examples from diverse subjects . The discussion uses dimensional reasoning as the example of a valuable transferable idea , illustrating it with three diverse examples .
0704.1942	physics.gen-ph	A revisit of the papers on the theory of relativity : Reconsideration of the hypothesis of ether-dragging	This paper revisits previous papers related to the theory of relativity . Afterwards , a reconsideration of the hypothesis of ether-dragging is discussed . The ether is compatible with the theory of relativity and historical experiments ; this paper explains the Michelson-Morley experiment using the ether-dragging hypothesis without the orthodox interpretation that the speed c is a fixed constant in terms of any system of inertial coordinates .
0704.1946	physics.atom-ph	Hyperfine Quenching of the $ 4s4p ^ { 3 } P_ { 0 } $ Level in Zn-like Ions	In this paper , we used the multiconfiguration Dirac-Fock method to compute with high precision the influence of the hyperfine interaction on the $ [ Ar ] 3d^ { 10 } 4s4p ^3P_0 $ level lifetime in Zn-like ions for stable and some quasi-stable isotopes of nonzero nuclear spin between Z=30 and Z=92 . The influence of this interaction on the $ [ Ar ] 3d^ { 10 } 4s4p ^3P_1 - [ Ar ] 3d^ { 10 } 4s4p ^3P_0 $ separation energy is also calculated for the same ions .
0704.1950	physics.optics nlin.CD	Inferring periodic orbits from spectra of simple shaped micro-lasers	Dielectric micro-cavities are widely used as laser resonators and characterizations of their spectra are of interest for various applications . We experimentally investigate micro-lasers of simple shapes ( Fabry-Perot , square , pentagon , and disk ) . Their lasing spectra consist mainly of almost equidistant peaks and the distance between peaks reveals the length of a quantized periodic orbit . To measure this length with a good precision , it is necessary to take into account different sources of refractive index dispersion . Our experimental and numerical results agree with the superscar model describing the formation of long-lived states in polygonal cavities . The limitations of the two-dimensional approximation are briefly discussed in connection with micro-disks .
0704.1952	physics.soc-ph physics.class-ph	Dynamic Effects Increasing Network Vulnerability to Cascading Failures	We study cascading failures in networks using a dynamical flow model based on simple conservation and distribution laws to investigate the impact of transient dynamics caused by the rebalancing of loads after an initial network failure ( triggering event ) . It is found that considering the flow dynamics may imply reduced network robustness compared to previous static overload failure models . This is due to the transient oscillations or overshooting in the loads , when the flow dynamics adjusts to the new ( remaining ) network structure . We obtain { \em upper } and { \em lower } limits to network robustness , and it is shown that { \it two } time scales $ \tau $ and $ \tau_0 $ , defined by the network dynamics , are important to consider prior to accurately addressing network robustness or vulnerability . The robustness of networks showing cascading failures is generally determined by a complex interplay between the network topology and flow dynamics , where the ratio $ \chi=\tau/\tau_0 $ determines the relative role of the two of them .
0704.1959	physics.chem-ph physics.optics	Adiabatic passage in a three-state system with non-Markovian relaxation : The role of excited-state absorption and two-exciton processes	The influence of excited-state absorption ( ESA ) and two-exciton processes on a coherent population transfer with intense ultrashort chirped pulses in molecular systems in solution has been studied . An unified treatment of adiabatic rapid passage ( ARP ) in such systems has been developed using a three-state electronic system with relaxation treated as a diffusion on electronic potential energy surfaces . We have shown that ESA has a profound effect on coherent population transfer in large molecules that necessitates a more accurate interpretation of experimental data . A simple and physically clear model for ARP in molecules with three electronic states in solution has been developed by extending the Landau-Zener calculations putting in a third level to random crossing of levels . A method for quantum control of two-exciton states in molecular complexes has been proposed .
0704.1974	physics.atom-ph	Agile low phase noise radio-frequency sine wave generator applied to experiments on ultracold atoms	We report on the frequency performance of a low cost ( ~500 $ ) radio-frequency sine wave generator , using direct digital synthesis ( DDS ) and a field-programmable gate array ( FPGA ) . The output frequency of the device may be changed dynamically to any arbitrary value ranging from DC to 10 MHz without any phase slip . Sampling effects are substantially reduced by a high sample rate , up to 1 MHz , and by a large memory length , more than 2.10^5 samples . By using a low noise external oscillator to clock the DDS , we demonstrate a phase noise as low as that of the master clock , that is at the level of -113 dB.rad^2/Hz at 1 Hz from the carrier for an output frequency of 3.75 MHz . The device is successfully used to confine an ultracold atomic cloud of rubidium 87 in a RF-based trap , and there is no extra heating from the RF source .
0704.1983	physics.gen-ph	Universal 2+1-Dimensional Plane Equations in General Relativity and Evolutions of Disk Nebula	The general relativity is the base for any exact evolutionary theory of large scale structures . We calculate the universal 2+1-dimensional plane equations of gravitational field in general relativity . Based on the equations , the evolutions of disk nebula are discussed . A system of nebula can form binary stars or single star for different conditions . While any simplified linear theory forms only a single star system . It is proved that the nonlinear interactions are very general , so the binary stars are also common .
0704.1997	physics.gen-ph	Query on Negative Temperature , Internal Interactions and Decrease of Entropy	After negative temperature is restated , we find that it will derive necessarily decrease of entropy . Negative temperature is based on the Kelvin scale and the condition dU > 0 and dS < 0 . Conversely , there is also negative temperature for dU < 0 and dS > 0 . But , negative temperature is contradiction with usual meaning of temperature and with some basic concepts of physics and mathematics . It is a question in nonequilibrium thermodynamics . We proposed a possibility of decrease of entropy due to fluctuation magnified and internal interactions in some isolated systems . From this we discuss some possible examples and theories .
0704.2002	physics.flu-dyn astro-ph nlin.CD physics.plasm-ph	Fluctuation dynamo and turbulent induction at low magnetic Prandtl numbers	This paper is a detailed report on a programme of simulations used to settle a long-standing issue in the dynamo theory and demonstrate that the fluctuation dynamo exists in the limit of large magnetic Reynolds number Rm > > 1 and small magnetic Prandtl number Pm < < 1 . The dependence of the critical Rm_c vs. the hydrodynamic Reynolds number Re is obtained for 1 < Re < 6700 . In the limit Pm < < 1 , Rm_c is ~3 times larger than for Pm > 1 . The stability curve Rm_c ( Re ) ( and , it is argued , the nature of the dynamo ) is substantially different from the case of the simulations and liquid-metal experiments with a mean flow . It is not as yet possible to determine numerically whether the growth rate is ~Rm^ { 1/2 } in the limit Re > > Rm > > 1 , as should be the case if the dynamo is driven by the inertial-range motions . The magnetic-energy spectrum in the low-Pm regime is qualitatively different from the Pm > 1 case and appears to develop a negative spectral slope , although current resolutions are insufficient to determine its asymptotic form . At 1 < Rm < Rm_c , the magnetic fluctuations induced via the tangling by turbulence of a weak mean field are investigated and the possibility of a k^ { -1 } spectrum above the resistive scale is examined . At low Rm < 1 , the induced fluctuations are well described by the quasistatic approximation ; the k^ { -11/3 } spectrum is confirmed for the first time in direct numerical simulations .
0704.2023	physics.class-ph	Ordered addition of two Lorentz boosts through spatial and space-time rotations	The ordered addition of two Lorentz boosts is normally shown to result in a boost by utilizing concepts from group theory and non-Euclidian geometry . We present a method for achieving this addition by performing a sequence of spatial rotations and uni-dimensional Lorentz transformations . The method is first developed for two-dimensional space and it is then extended to three-dimensional space by utilizing the commutative property of the rotation of the y-z plane and a boost along the x-axis . The method employs only matrix multiplication and certain invariant quantities that are natural consequences of spatial rotations and Lorentz transformations . The combining of two boosts in different directions into a single boost can not be expected a priori because we show that the converse of this statement is not true . That is , two rotations interspersed with a boost can not always be reduced to a single rotation preceded and followed by boosts .
0704.2026	physics.class-ph	Adhesion forces due to nano-triboelectrification between similar materials	Contact electrification and triboelectrification are well-known in the case of dissimilar materials , however the case of charge exchange during friction between nominally identical insulating materials is less documented . We experimentally investigated the triboelectrification between two smooth monocrystalline & # 945 ; -Al 2O 3 ( sapphire ) antagonists by surface force measurements with a Surface Force Apparatus ( SFA ) . The force between a sphere and a plane , both in sapphire , was measured as a function of the sphere-plane distance D , before and after nano-friction tests , under dry argon atmosphere . Respective contributions of van der Waals , water meniscus and electrostatic forces were determined . The estimated Hamaker constant was in good agreement with the Lifshitz theory , and the dominant meniscus attraction at low separation could be overcome with small radius sphere . We demonstrated that electrostatic forces were generated by the nano-friction test and we quantified the adhesion that results from this contact-electrification . In the first stage of the unloading process , the short range electrostatic force was found to vary both with time and distance D. Experimental results were correlated with surface densities of mobile charges on the two surfaces , and the time-dependence was related to classical surface transport phenomena on alumina surfaces .
0704.2049	physics.plasm-ph	Magnetosonic solitons in a Fermionic quantum plasma	Starting from the governing equations for a quantum magnetoplasma including the quantum Bohm potential and electron spin-1/2 effects , we show that the system of quantum magnetohydrodynamic ( QMHD ) equations admit rarefactive solitons due to the balance between nonlinearities and quantum diffraction/tunneling effects . It is found that the electron spin-1/2 effect introduces a pressure-like term with negative sign in the QMHD equations , which modifies the shape of the solitary magnetosonic waves and makes them wider and shallower . Numerical simulations of the time-dependent system shows the development of rarefactive QMHD solitary waves that are modified by the spin effects .
