0711.2854	physics.gen-ph quant-ph	Generating Function in Quantum Mechanics : An Application to Counting Problems	In this paper we present a generating function approach to two counting problems in elementary quantum mechanics . The first is to find the total ways of distributing identical particles among different states . The second is to find the degeneracies of energy levels in a quantum system with multiple degrees of freedom . Our approach provides an alternative to the methods in textbooks .
0711.2855	physics.data-an physics.bio-ph physics.geo-ph	Mitigating the effects of measurement noise on Granger causality	Computing Granger causal relations among bivariate experimentally observed time series has received increasing attention over the past few years . Such causal relations , if correctly estimated , can yield significant insights into the dynamical organization of the system being investigated . Since experimental measurements are inevitably contaminated by noise , it is thus important to understand the effects of such noise on Granger causality estimation . The first goal of this paper is to provide an analytical and numerical analysis of this problem . Specifically , we show that , due to noise contamination , ( 1 ) spurious causality between two measured variables can arise and ( 2 ) true causality can be suppressed . The second goal of the paper is to provide a denoising strategy to mitigate this problem . Specifically , we propose a denoising algorithm based on the combined use of the Kalman filter theory and the Expectation-Maximization ( EM ) algorithm . Numerical examples are used to demonstrate the effectiveness of the denoising approach .
0711.2864	physics.optics	Highly sensitive refractometer with photonic crystal fiber long-period grating	We present highly sensitive refractometers based on a long-period grating in a large mode area PCF . The maximum sensitivity is 1500 nm/RIU at a refractive index of 1.33 , the highest reported for any fiber grating . The minimal detectable index change is $ 2\times 10^ { -5 } $ . The high sensitivity is obtained by infiltrating the sample into the holes of the photonic crystal fiber to give a strong interaction between the sample and the probing field .
0711.2880	physics.soc-ph	Around the gap between sociophysics and sociology	Some basic sociophysical notions are described by a physicist , tentatively for a sociologically-oriented reader .
0711.2907	physics.gen-ph physics.med-ph	Displaying perfusion MRI images as color intensity projections	Dynamic susceptibility-weighted contrast-enhanced ( DSC ) MRI or perfusion-MRI plays an important role in the non-invasive assessment of tumor vascularity . However , the large number of images provided by the method makes display and interpretation of the results challenging . Current practice is to display the perfusion information as relative cerebral blood volume maps ( rCBV ) . Color intensity projections ( CIPs ) provides a simple , intuitive display of the perfusion-MRI data so that regional perfusion characteristics are intrinsically integrated into the anatomy structure the T2 images . The ease of use and quick calculation time of CIPs should allow it to be easily integrated into current analysis and interpretation pipelines .
0711.2924	physics.class-ph physics.comp-ph	On Constructing the Analytical Solutions for Localizations in a Slender Cylinder Composed of an Incompressible Hyperelastic Material	In this paper , we study the localization phenomena in a slender cylinder composed of an incompressible hyperelastic material subjected to axial tension . We aim to construct the analytical solutions based on a three-dimensional setting and use the analytical results to describe the key features observed in the experiments by others . Using a novel approach of coupled series-asymptotic expansions , we derive the normal form equation of the original governing nonlinear partial differential equations . By writing the normal form equation into a first-order dynamical system and with the help of the phase plane , we manage to solve two boundary-value problems analytically . The explicit solution expressions ( in terms of integrals ) are obtained . By analyzing the solutions , we find that the width of the localization zone depends on the material parameters but remains almost unchanged for the same material in the post-peak region . Also , it is found that when the radius-length ratio is relatively small there is a snap-back phenomenon . These results are well in agreement with the experimental observations . Through an energy analysis , we also deduce the preferred configuration and give a prediction when a snap-through can happen . Finally , based on the maximum-energy-distortion theory , an analytical criterion for the onset of material failure is provided .
0711.2957	physics.med-ph	Temporal evolution of mechanical properties of skeletal tissue regeneration in rabbits . An experimental study	Various mathematical models represent the effects of local mechanical environment on the regulation of skeletal regeneration . Their relevance relies on an accurate description of the evolving mechanical properties of the regenerating tissue . The object of this study was to develop an experimental model which made it possible to characterize the temporal evolution of the structural and mechanical properties during unloaded enchondral osteogenesis in the New Zealand rabbit , a standard animal model for studies of osteogenesis and chondrogenesis . A 25mm segment of tibial diaphysis was removed sub-periosteally from rabbits . The defect was repaired by the preserved periosteum . An external fixator was applied to prevent mechanical loading during osteogenesis . The regenerated skeletal tissues were studied by CT scan , histology and mechanical tests . The traction tests between 7 to 21 days post-surgery were done on formaldehyde-fixated tissue allowing to obtain force/displacement curves . The viscoelastic properties of the regenerating skeletal tissues were visualized throughout the repair process .
0711.2973	physics.gen-ph quant-ph	Emergence and Computation at the Edge of Classical and Quantum Systems	The problem of emergence in physical theories makes necessary to build a general theory of the relationships between the observed system and the observing system . It can be shown that there exists a correspondence between classical systems and computational dynamics according to the Shannon-Turing model . A classical system is an informational closed system with respect to the observer ; this characterizes the emergent processes in classical physics as phenomenological emergence . In quantum systems , the analysis based on the computation theory fails . It is here shown that a quantum system is an informational open system with respect to the observer and able to exhibit processes of observational , radical emergence . Finally , we take into consideration the role of computation in describing the physical world .
0711.2982	physics.flu-dyn physics.ao-ph	Thermodynamic inadmissibility of the incompressible hydrodynamics description of turbulent stratified fluid flows at low Mach numbers	The incompressible Navier-Stokes equations currently represent the primary model for describing stratified turbulent fluid flows at low Mach number . The validity of the incompressible assumption , however , has so far only been rigorously established for adiabatic motions . Here , we show from first principl es that the use of available energetics and thermodynamics considerations applied to a turbulent mixing event associated with stratified shear flow instability r efutes the widespread idea that the incompressible assumption is also valid when diabatic irreversible effects are important . The main consequence is that dynamics and thermodynamics are strongly coupled in stratified turbulence . This departs strongly from the currently accepted wisdom , and calls for a complete revisiting of the physical processes governing stratified turbulence at low Mach numbers .
0711.3052	physics.atm-clus	Suppressing the fragmentation of fragile molecules in helium nanodroplets by co-embedding with water : Possible role of the electric dipole moment	When fragile molecules such as glycine , polyglicine , alkanes , and alkanethiols are embedded in liquid helium nanodroplets , electron-impact ionization of the beam leads to fragmentation which is as extensive as that of isolated gas-phase molecules . However , it turns out that if a few molecules of water are co-embedded with the peptide and alkane chains , their fragmentation is drastically reduced or completely eliminated . On the other hand , the fragmentation of alkanethiols remains unaffected . On the basis of these observations , it is proposed that the fragmentation `` buffering '' effect may correlate with the magnitude of the impurity 's electric dipole moment , which steers the migration of the ionizing He^+ hole in the droplet .
