0705.0567	physics.flu-dyn hep-th math-ph math.MP quant-ph	Influence of the extent of the eigenstates of a system on the resonances formed through its coupling to a field	We examine resonances for two systems consisting of a particle coupled to a massless boson 's field . The field is the free field in the whole space . In the first system , the particle is confined inside a ball . We show that besides the usual energy levels of the particle , which have become complex through the coupling to the field , other resonances are to be taken into account if the ball 's radius is comparable to the particle 's Compton wavelength . In the second system , the particle is in a finite-depth square-well potential . We study the way the resonances ' width depends on the extent of the uncoupled particle's wave functions . In both cases , we limit ourselves to considering two levels of the particle only .
0705.0595	physics.gen-ph	Lochon Catalyzed D-D Fusion in Deuterated Palladium in the Solid State	Lochons ( local charged bosons or local electron pairs ) can form on D+ to give D- ( bosonic ions ) in Palladium Deuteride in the solid state . Such entities will occur at special sites or in linear channel owing to strong electron-phonon interaction or due to potential inversion on metallic electrodes . These lochons can catalyze D- - D+ fusion as a consequence of internal conversion leading to the formation of He-4 plus production of energy ( Q=23.8 MeV ) which is carried by the alpha particle and the ejected electron-pair . The reaction rate for this fusion process is calculated .
0705.0609	physics.ed-ph physics.gen-ph	The physical meaning of Lagrange multipliers	A rule to assign a physical meaning to Lagrange multipliers is discussed . Examples from mechanics , statistical mechanics and quantum mechanics are given .
0705.0616	physics.ins-det	Monitoring Air Moisture with Laser Absorption Spectroscopy	Determination of air density and the quantitative estimates of water vapour adsorbed or desorbed by the surface of mass standard , remain the principals sources of uncertainties when weighing mass standard made from stainless steel or super alloy . The classical method , for air density determination , use the so called CIPM-1981/91 formula and the measured air parameters . An other approach is based only on the results of comparisons , realized successively in air and in vacuum , between special artefacts . The distribution and the state of water molecules inside the chamber of mass comparator influence the results of weighing . Also , the instruments used for air moisture measurement are either , not very sensitive ( capacitive hygrometer ) or disturbing for environment ( dew-point hygrometer ) . To control that , a proposal method is given and observations of water vapour behaviour inside the enclosure for different conditions are reported . Keywords . mass metrology , air density , water vapour
0705.0633	physics.flu-dyn	Numerical study of liquid metal flow in a rectangular duct under the influence of a heterogenous magnetic field	The paper presents 3D numerical results for the laminar liquid metal flow in a rectangular duct compared with experimental results . It is shown that the magnetic interaction parameter $ N $ is the main parameter governing the flow provided turbulent pulsations are locally suppressed by magnetic field .
0705.0656	physics.atom-ph	High-precision calculations of In I and Sn II atomic properties	We use all-order relativistic many-body perturbation theory to study 5s^2 nl configurations of In I and Sn II . Energies , E1-amplitudes , and hyperfine constants are calculated using all-order method , which accounts for single and double excitations of the Dirac-Fock wave functions .
0705.0661	physics.med-ph physics.ins-det	SQUID-based instrumentation for ultra-low-field MRI	Magnetic resonance imaging at ultra-low fields ( ULF MRI ) is a promising new imaging method that uses SQUID sensors to measure the spatially encoded precession of pre-polarized nuclear spin populations at a microtesla-range measurement field . In this work , a seven-channel SQUID system designed for simultaneous 3D ULF MRI and magnetoencephalography ( MEG ) is described . The system includes seven second-order SQUID gradiometers , characterized by magnetic field resolutions of 1.2 - 2.8 fT/rtHz . It is also equipped with five sets of coils for 3D Fourier imaging with pre-polarization . Essential technical details of the design are discussed . The system 's ULF MRI performance is demonstrated by multi-channel 3D images of a preserved sheep brain acquired at 46 microtesla measurement field with pre-polarization at 40 mT . The imaging resolution is 2.5 mm x 2.5 mm x 5 mm . The ULF MRI images are compared to images of the same brain acquired using conventional high-field MRI . Different ways to improve imaging SNR are discussed .
0705.0672	physics.ins-det	Towards a new concept of photomultiplier based on silicon technology	In order to build a new concept of photomultiplier based on silicon technology , design and characterization of 5x5 arrays of a new generation of single photon avalanche diodes ( SPAD ) manufactured by ST-Microelectronics have been performed . Single photons sensitivity , dark noise and timing resolution of the SPAD- STM devices in several experimental conditions have been evaluated . Moreover , the effects arising from the multiple integration of many elements and the study of their common read-out have been deeply investigated .
0705.0675	physics.flu-dyn	Small scale aspects of flows in proximity of the turbulent/non-turbulent interface	The work reported below is a first of its kind study of the properties of turbulent flow without strong mean shear in a Newtonian fluid in proximity of the turbulent/non-turbulent interface , with emphasis on the small scale aspects . The main tools used are a three-dimensional particle tracking system ( 3D-PTV ) allowing to measure and follow in a Lagrangian manner the field of velocity derivatives and direct numerical simulations ( DNS ) . The comparison of flow properties in the turbulent ( A ) , intermediate ( B ) and non-turbulent ( C ) regions in the proximity of the interface allows for direct observation of the key physical processes underlying the entrainment phenomenon . The differences between small scale strain and enstrophy are striking and point to the definite scenario of turbulent entrainment via the viscous forces originating in strain .
0705.0713	physics.atom-ph	Spin-exchange collisions of submerged shell atoms below 1 Kelvin	Angular momentum changing collisions can be suppressed in atoms whose valence electrons are submerged beneath filled shells of higher principle quantum number . To determine whether spin-exchange collisions are suppressed in these '' submerged shell '' atoms , we measured spin-exchange collisions of six hyperfine states of Mn at temperatures below 1 K. Although the 3d valence electrons in Mn are submerged beneath a filled 4s orbital , we find that the spin exchange rate coefficients are similar to those of Na and H ( which are non-submerged shell atoms ) .
0705.0721	physics.chem-ph cond-mat.mtrl-sci cond-mat.other physics.comp-ph	Zero-variance zero-bias quantum Monte Carlo estimators of the spherically and system-averaged pair density	We construct improved quantum Monte Carlo estimators for the spherically- and system-averaged electron pair density ( i.e . the probability density of finding two electrons separated by a relative distance u ) , also known as the spherically-averaged electron position intracule density I ( u ) , using the general zero-variance zero-bias principle for observables , introduced by Assaraf and Caffarel . The calculation of I ( u ) is made vastly more efficient by replacing the average of the local delta-function operator by the average of a smooth non-local operator that has several orders of magnitude smaller variance . These new estimators also reduce the systematic error ( or bias ) of the intracule density due to the approximate trial wave function . Used in combination with the optimization of an increasing number of parameters in trial Jastrow-Slater wave functions , they allow one to obtain well converged correlated intracule densities for atoms and molecules . These ideas can be applied to calculating any pair-correlation function in classical or quantum Monte Carlo calculations .
