0709.0319	physics.gen-ph	On the Bohr radius relationship to spin-orbit interaction , spin magnitude , and Thomas precession	The dynamics of the spin-orbit interaction in atomic hydrogen are studied in a classical electrodynamics-like setting . A Rutherfordian atomic model is used assuming a circular electron orbit , without the quantum principle as imposed arbitrarily in the Bohr model , but with an ad hoc incorporation in the electron of intrinsic spin and associated magnetic dipole moment . Analyzing the motions of the electron spin and orbital angular momenta , it is found that in the presence of Thomas precession , the total angular momentum averaged over the orbit is not generally a constant of the motion . It is noted this differs from the finding of Thomas in a similar assessment of 1927 , and the reason for this difference is provided . It is found that although the total orbit-averaged angular momentum is not a constant of the motion , it precesses around a fixed axis similarly to the precession of the total angular momentum vector seen in spin-orbit coupling in quantum theory . The magnitude of the angular velocity of the total orbit-averaged angular momentum is seen to vanish only when the spin and orbital angular momenta are antiparallel and their mutual precession frequencies equate . It is then found , there is a unique radius where the mutual precession frequencies equate . Assuming the electron magnetic moment is the Bohr magneton , and an electron g-factor of two , this radius corresponds to where the orbital angular momentum is the reduced Planck 's constant . The orbit radius for stationary total angular momentum for the circular orbit model with nonzero orbital angular momentum is thus the ground-state radius of the Bohr model .
0709.0330	physics.gen-ph	Penrose Model potential , compared with Coleman-Weinberg Potential for early universe scalar evolution	We present an overview of Dr. Penrose 's model of a cyclic universe , minus the big crunch which relies upon black hole collection of matter after an a long term expansion phase from an initial big bang . We affirm that the suggested evolution equation presented at his lecture for his model meets requirements as to an emergent quintessence field from a vacuum state . We try to offer suggestions as to how to investigate his controversial conformal mapping of matter/energy via Hawkings radiation from a potentially infinite number of black holes to a new big bang . This is his 'ripples in a pond ' effect which we find highly unusual but worth serious study and investigation .
0709.0331	physics.ins-det	The use of cosmic muons in detecting heterogeneities in large volumes	The muon intensity attenuation method to detect heterogeneities in large matter volumes is analyzed . Approximate analytical expressions to estimate the collection time and the signal to noise ratio , are proposed and validated by Monte Carlo simulations . Important parameters , including point spread function and coordinate reconstruction uncertainty are also estimated using Monte Carlo simulations .
0709.0363	physics.optics	Electromagnetic cloaking by layered structure of homogeneous isotropic materials	Electromagnetic invisibility cloak requires material with anisotropic distribution of the constitutive parameters deduced from a geometrical transformation as first proposed by Pendry et al . [ Science 312 , 1780 ( 2006 ) ] . In this paper , we proposed a useful method to realize the required radius-dependent , anisotropic material parameters and to construct an electromagnetic cloak through concentric layered structure of thin , alternating layers of homogeneous isotropic materials . With proper design of the permittivity or the thickness ratio of the alternating layers , we demonstrated the low-reflection and power-flow bending properties of the proposed cloaking structure through rigorous analysis of the scattered electromagnetic fields . The proposed cloaking structure does not require anisotropy or inhomogeneity of the material constitutive parameters usually realized by metamaterials with subwavelength structured inclusions , therefore may lead to a practical path to an experimental demonstration of electromagnetic cloaking , especially in the optical range .
0709.0372	physics.flu-dyn physics.comp-ph	A coupled approximate deconvolution and dynamic mixed scale model for large-eddy simulation	Large-eddy simulations of incompressible Newtonian fluid flows with approximate deconvolution models based on the van Cittert method are reported . The Legendre spectral element method is used for the spatial discretization to solve the filtered Navier -- Stokes equations . A novel variant of approximate deconvolution models blended with a mixed scale model using a dynamic evaluation of the subgrid-viscosity constant is proposed . This model is validated by comparing the large-eddy simulation with the direct numerical simulation of the flow in a lid-driven cubical cavity , performed at a Reynolds number of 12'000 . Subgrid modeling in the case of a flow with coexisting laminar , transitional and turbulent zones such as the lid-driven cubical cavity flow represents a challenging problem . Moreover , the coupling with the spectral element method having very low numerical dissipation and dispersion builds a well suited framework to analyze the efficiency of a subgrid model . First- and second-order statistics obtained using this new model are showing very good agreement with the direct numerical simulation . Filtering operations rely on an invertible filter applied in a modal basis and preserving the C0-continuity across elements . No clipping on dynamic parameters was needed to preserve numerical stability .
0709.0375	physics.optics	Continuous Wave Photonic Crystal Laser in Ultraviolet Range	Great potential of photonic band-gap ( PBG ) structures for the development of continuous wave ultraviolet all-solid-state laser , including UV femtosecond pulse source , as well as for increase of output laser power at short-wave optical range is shown . The basic idea is a decrease of the laser threshold via suppression of the spontaneous emission in the active medium by means of embedding it into 2D or 3D PBG structure having the midgap frequency close to the frequency of the laser transition . Different schemes of 2D and 3D photonic crystal laser for ultraviolet range are proposed .
0709.0380	physics.data-an	Predictive protocol of flocks with small-world connection pattern	By introducing a predictive mechanism with small-world connections , we propose a new motion protocol for self-driven flocks . The small-world connections are implemented by randomly adding long-range interactions from the leader to a few distant agents , namely pseudo-leaders . The leader can directly affect the pseudo-leaders , thereby influencing all the other agents through them efficiently . Moreover , these pseudo-leaders are able to predict the leader 's motion several steps ahead and use this information in decision making towards coherent flocking with more stable formation . It is shown that drastic improvement can be achieved in terms of both the consensus performance and the communication cost . From the industrial engineering point of view , the current protocol allows for a significant improvement in the cohesion and rigidity of the formation at a fairly low cost of adding a few long-range links embedded with predictive capabilities . Significantly , this work uncovers an important feature of flocks that predictive capability and long-range links can compensate for the insufficiency of each other . These conclusions are valid for both the attractive/repulsive swarm model and the Vicsek model .
0709.0408	physics.gen-ph	Scalar theory of gravity as a pressure force	The theory starts from a tentative interpretation of gravity as Archimedes' thrust exerted on matter at the scale of elementary particles by an imagined perfect fluid ( `` ether '' ) : the gravity acceleration is expressed by a formula in which the `` ether pressure '' p_e plays the role of the Newtonian potential . The instantaneous propagation of Newtonian gravity is obtained with an incompressible ether , giving a field equation for p_e . For a compressible ether , this equation holds in the static case . The extension to non-static situations follows the lines of acoustics and leads to gravitational ( pressure ) waves . To account for metric effects , the modern version of the Lorentz-Poincare interpretation of special relativity is used . Einstein's equivalence principle ( EP ) is seen as a correspondence between the metric effects of gravity and those of uniform motion with respect to the ether : a gravitational contraction ( dilation ) of space ( time ) standards is assumed . This implies geodesic motion for test particles in a static field . The scalar field equation is now expressed in terms of the physical space and time metrics in the frame of ether . Since both metrics depend on p_e due to the EP , it becomes non-linear in p_e . In the spherical static situation , Schwarzschild 's exterior metric is predicted , but the interior metric differs from GR . Since pressure produces gravitation also in the investigated theory , no equilibrium is possible for very massive objects . But the gravitational collapse in free fall does not lead to any singularity . Moreover , gravitational waves , and even shock ones , can exist in vacuo also with spherical symmetry .
0709.0412	physics.gen-ph	Energy and equations of motion in a tentative theory of gravity with a privileged reference frame	Based on a tentative interpretation of gravity as a pressure force , a scalar theory of gravity was previously investigated . It assumes gravitational contraction ( dilation ) of space ( time ) standards . In the static case , the same Newton law as in special relativity was expressed in terms of these distorted local standards , and was found to imply geodesic motion . Here , the formulation of motion is reexamined in the most general situation . A consistent Newton law can still be defined , which accounts for the time variation of the space metric , but it is not compatible with geodesic motion for a time-dependent field . The energy of a test particle is defined : it is constant in the static case . Starting from 'dust ' , a balance equation is then derived for the energy of matter . If the Newton law is assumed , the field equation of the theory allows to rewrite this as a true conservation equation , including the gravitational energy . The latter contains a Newtonian term , plus the square of the relative rate of the local velocity of gravitation waves ( or that of light ) , the velocity being expressed in terms of absolute standards .
0709.0418	physics.bio-ph	Role of electrostatic interactions in the assembly of empty spherical viral capsids	We examine the role of electrostatic interactions in the assembly of empty spherical viral capsids . The charges on the protein subunits that make the viral capsid mutually interact and are expected to yield electrostatic repulsion acting against the assembly of capsids . Thus , attractive protein-protein interactions of non-electrostatic origin must act to enable the capsid formation . We investigate whether the interplay of repulsive electrostatic and attractive interactions between the protein subunits can result in the formation of spherical viral capsids of a preferred radius . For this to be the case , we find that the attractive interactions must depend on the angle between the neighboring protein subunits ( i.e . on the mean curvature of the viral capsid ) so that a particular angle ( s ) is ( are ) preferred energywise . Our results for the electrostatic contributions to energetics of viral capsids nicely correlate with recent experimental determinations of the energetics of protein-protein contacts in Hepatitis B virus [ P. Ceres and A. Zlotnick , Biochemistry { \bf 41 } , 11525 ( 2002 ) .
0709.0453	physics.ins-det	Powerful nanosecond light sources based on LEDs for astroparticle physics experiments	Powerful nanosecond light sources based on LEDs have been developed for use in astroparticle physics experiments . The light sources use either matrixes of ultra bright blue LEDs or a new generation high power blue LEDs . It 's shown that such light sources have light yield of up to 10**10 - 10**12 photons per pulse with very fast light emission kinetics . The described light sources are important for use in calibration systems of Cherenkov and scintillator detectors . The developed light sources are currently used successfully in a number of astroparticle experiments , namely : the TUNKA EAS experiment , the Baikal neutrino experiment etc .
0709.0458	physics.ins-det	A LED Flasher for TUNKA experiment	A LED flasher has been developed for TUNKA-133 EAS Cherenkov detector . A blue ultra bright InGaN LED is used as a light source in the flasher . The flasher's driver is based on a fast discharge of a small capacitor via a complementary pair of fast RF transistors . The light yield of the flasher is adjusted in the wide range of from 0 to up to 10**9 photons per pulse . The results of studies of the flasher 's amplitude and timing parameters and their stability are presented .
0709.0464	physics.plasm-ph	Beltrami States for Plasma Dynamics Models	The various plasma models - incompressible magnetohydrodynamic ( MHD ) model , compressible MHD model , incompressible Hall MHD model , compressible Hall MHD model , electron MHD model , compressible Hall MHD with electron inertia model - notwithstanding the diversity of the underlying physics , are shown to exhibit some common features in the Beltrami states like certain robustness with respect to the plasma compressibility effects ( albeit in the barotropy assumption ) and the { \it Bernoulli } condition . The Beltrami states for these models are deduced by minimizing the appropriate total energy while keeping the appropriate total helicity constant . A Hamiltonian formulation framework is used to carry out these variational problems .
0709.0486	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph	Enhancement of Intermediate-Field Two-Photon Absorption by Rationally-Shaped Femtosecond Pulses	We extend the powerful frequency-domain analysis of femtosecond two-photon absorption to the intermediate-field regime , which involves both two- and four-photon transitions . Consequently , we find a broad family of shaped pulses that enhance the absorption over the transform-limited pulse . It includes any spectral phase that is anti-symmetric around half the transition frequency . The spectrum is asymmetric around it . The theoretical framework and results for Na are verified experimentally . This work opens the door for rational femtosecond coherent control in a regime of considerable absorption yields .
0709.0490	physics.gen-ph	GW 's towards fundamental principles of GR	The physical non-existence of gravitational waves ( GW 's ) as a consequence of the non-existence in general relativity ( GR ) of physically privileged reference frames , and of the `` plasticity '' of relativistic notion of a coordinate system .
0709.0533	physics.ins-det	Harnessing bifurcations in tapping-mode atomic force microscopy to calibrate time-varying tip-sample force measurements	Torsional harmonic cantilevers allow measurement of time varying tip-sample forces in tapping-mode atomic force microscopy . Accuracy of these force measurements is important for quantitative nanomechanical measurements . Here we demonstrate a method to convert the torsional deflection signals into a calibrated force waveform with the use of non-linear dynamical response of the tapping cantilever . Specifically the transitions between steady oscillation regimes are used to calibrate the torsional deflection signals .
0709.0550	physics.gen-ph	Possible Outlet of Test on Violation of Pauli Exclusion Principle	The present experimental tests have proved high precisely the validity of the Pauli exclusion principle ( PEP ) in usual cases . The future experiments should be combined widely with various theories of hidden and obvious violation of PEP . Author think that known experiments and theories seem to imply the violation at high energy . Some possible tests have been proposed in particle physics , nuclei at high energy and astrophysics , etc. , in particular , the excited high-n atoms and multi-quark states . Moreover , the violation is possibly relevant to the nonlinear quantum theory , in which the present linear superposition principle may not hold . Finally , the possible violation at very low temperature is discussed . These experiments may be connected with tests of other basic principles , for example , the present wave property , possible decrease of entropy due to internal interactions in isolated systems , and PCT invariance , etc .
0709.0634	physics.ins-det	Detectors for Cosmic Rays on Ground and in Space	The origin of the cosmic rays has been a great mystery since they were discovered by Victor Hess in 1912 . AGASA 's observation of ultra-high-energy cosmic-rays ( UHECR ) possibly beyond the GZK ( Greisen , Zatsepin and Kuzmin ) cutoff stimulated the field in great deal . In addition , Kamiokande 's detection of neutrinos from SN1987A and the H.E.S.S . 's detection of TeV gamma-rays from supernova remnants demonstrated the viability of neutrino and TeV gamma-ray astronomy for cosmic-ray research . A new generation of currently-operating or soon-to-be-operating detectors for charged particles , gamma-rays and neutrinos from cosmos will get us even closer to understanding the nature and origin of cosmic rays . Detectors for UHECRs , gamma rays and neutrinos are of particular importance in order to study the origins of cosmic rays since these particles are free from the deflection due to magnetic fields . Detectors for antiparticles and gamma rays would be useful to detect cosmic rays originated from the decay of the dark matter in the Universe . I will review these cosmic-ray detectors with particular attention on the differences of ground-based , balloon-borne and satellite-borne detectors .
