0704.3312	physics.med-ph q-bio.NC	Artificial Tongue-Placed Tactile Biofeedback for perceptual supplementation : application to human disability and biomedical engineering	The present paper aims at introducing the innovative technologies , based on the concept of `` sensory substitution '' or `` perceptual supplementation '' , we are developing in the fields of human disability and biomedical engineering . Precisely , our goal is to design , develop and validate practical assistive biomedical and/technical devices and/or rehabilitating procedures for persons with disabilities , using artificial tongue-placed tactile biofeedback systems . Proposed applications are dealing with : ( 1 ) pressure sores prevention in case of spinal cord injuries ( persons with paraplegia , or tetraplegia ) ; ( 2 ) ankle proprioceptive acuity improvement for driving assistance in older and/or disabled adults ; and ( 3 ) balance control improvement to prevent fall in older and/or disabled adults . This paper presents results of three feasibility studies performed on young healthy adults .
0704.3351	physics.ins-det	Symbolic sensors : one solution to the numerical-symbolic interface	This paper introduces the concept of symbolic sensor as an extension of the smart sensor one . Then , the links between the physical world and the symbolic one are introduced . The creation of symbols is proposed within the frame of the pretopology theory . In order to adapt the sensor to the measurement context , a learning process has been used to provide an adaptive interpretation of the measurement . Finally , an example is presented in the case of a temperature measurement .
0704.3352	physics.ao-ph physics.flu-dyn	Theory of weakly damped free-surface flows : a new formulation based on potential flow solutions	Several theories for weakly damped free-surface flows have been formulated . In this paper we use the linear approximation to the Navier-Stokes equations to derive a new set of equations for potential flow which include dissipation due to viscosity . A viscous correction is added not only to the irrotational pressure ( Bernoulli 's equation ) , but also to the kinematic boundary condition . The nonlinear Schr\ '' odinger ( NLS ) equation that one can derive from the new set of equations to describe the modulations of weakly nonlinear , weakly damped deep-water gravity waves turns out to be the classical damped version of the NLS equation that has been used by many authors without rigorous justification .
0704.3353	physics.ins-det	Symbolic sensors	This paper deals with sensors which compute and report linguistic assessments of their values.Such sensors , called symbolic sensors are a natural extension of smart ones when working with control systems which use artificial intelligence based technics . After having recalled the smart sensor concepts , this paper introduces the symbolic sensor ones . Links between the physical world and the symbolic one are described . It is then shown how Zadeh's approximate reasoning theory provides a smart way to implement symbolic sensors . Finally , since the symbolic sensor is a general component , a functional adaptation to the measurement context is proposed .
0704.3356	physics.med-ph q-bio.NC	Pr\'evention des escarres chez les parapl\'egiques : une nouvelle approche par \'electrostimulation linguale	Pressure ulcers are recognized as a major health issue in individuals with spinal cord injuries and new approaches to prevent this pathology are necessary . An innovative health strategy is being developed through the use of computer and sensory substitution via the tongue in order to compensate for the sensory loss in the buttock area for individuals with paraplegia . This sensory compensation will enable individuals with spinal cord injuries to be aware of a localized excess of pressure at the skin/seat interface and , consequently , will enable them to prevent the formation of pressure ulcers by relieving the cutaneous area of suffering . This work reports an initial evaluation of this approach and the feasibility of creating an adapted behavior , with a change in pressure as a response to electro-stimulated information on the tongue . Obtained during a clinical study in 10 healthy seated subjects , the first results are encouraging , with 92 % success in 100 performed tests . These results , which have to be completed and validated in the paraplegic population , may lead to a new approach to education in health to prevent the formation of pressure ulcers within this population . Keywords : Spinal Cord Injuries , Pressure Ulcer , Sensory Substitution , Health Education , Biomedical Informatics .
0704.3365	physics.comp-ph physics.bio-ph	Wang-Landau molecular dynamics technique to search for low-energy conformational space of proteins	Multicanonical molecular dynamics ( MD ) is a powerful technique for sampling conformations on rugged potential surfaces such as protein . However , it is notoriously difficult to estimate the multicanonical temperature effectively . Wang and Landau developed a convenient method for estimating the density of states based on a multicanonical Monte Carlo method . In their method , the density of states is calculated autonomously during a simulation . In this paper we develop a set of techniques to effectively apply the Wang-Landau method to MD simulations . In the multicanonical MD , the estimation of the derivative of the density of states is critical . In order to estimate it accurately , we devise two original improvements . First , the correction for the density of states is made smooth by using the Gaussian distribution obtained by a short canonical simulation . Second , an approximation is applied to the derivative , which is based on the Gaussian distribution and the multiple weighted histogram technique . A test of this method was performed with small polypeptides , Met-enkephalin and Trp-cage , and it is demonstrated that Wang-Landau MD is consistent with replica exchange MD but can sample much larger conformational space .
0704.3376	physics.comp-ph physics.soc-ph	Flow of autonomous traffic on a single multi-lane street	We investigate the behaviour of an original traffic model . The model considers a single multi-lane street , populated by autonomous vehicles directed from either end to the other . Lanes have no intrinsic directionality , and the vehicles are inserted at random at either end and any lane . Collision avoidance is fully automatic and , to enhance the transport capacity of the street , vehicles form_trains_ in which they may travel at high speed quite close to the vehicle in front . We report on the transit times for vehicles under a wide variety of conditions : vehicle insertion probability & imbalance and their maximum speed distribution . We also outline an interesting feature of the model , that the complex interactions of many vehicles are considerably more powerful than a simple `` keep left '' directive which each vehicle should obey .
0704.3401	physics.plasm-ph physics.optics	Harmonic Generation from Laser-Irradiated Clusters	The harmonic emission from cluster nanoplasmas subject to short , intense infrared laser pulses is analyzed by means of particle-in-cell simulations . A pronounced resonant enhancement of the low-order harmonic yields is found when the Mie plasma frequency of the ionizing and expanding cluster resonates with the respective harmonic frequency . We show that a strong , nonlinear resonant coupling of the cluster electrons with the laser field inhibits coherent electron motion , suppressing the emitted radiation and restricting the spectrum to only low-order harmonics . A pump-probe scheme is suggested to monitor the ionization dynamics of the expanding clusters .
0704.3419	physics.space-ph	Zakharov simulation study of spectral features of on-demand Langmuir turbulence in an inhomogeneous plasma	We have performed a simulation study of Langmuir turbulence in the Earth's ionosphere by means of a Zakharov model with parameters relevant for the F layer . The model includes dissipative terms to model collisions and Landau damping of the electrons and ions , and a linear density profile , which models the ionospheric plasma inhomogeneity whose length scale is of the order 10 -- 100 km . The injection of energy into the system is modeled by a constant source term in the Zakharov equation . Langmuir turbulence is excited `` on-demand '' in controlled ionospheric modification experiments where the energy is provided by an HF radio beam injected into the overhead ionospheric plasma . The ensuing turbulence can be studied with radars and in the form of secondary radiation recorded by ground-based receivers . We have analyzed spectral signatures of the turbulence for different sets of parameters and different altitudes relative to the turning point of the linear Langmuir mode where the Langmuir frequency equals the local plasma frequency . By a parametric analysis , we have derived a simple scaling law , which links the spectral width of the turbulent frequency spectrum to the physical parameters in the ionosphere . The scaling law provides a quantitative relation between the physical parameters ( temperatures , electron number density , ionospheric length scale , etc . ) and the observed frequency spectrum . This law may be useful for interpreting experimental results .
0704.3430	physics.atom-ph	Prospects for precision measurements of atomic helium using direct frequency comb spectroscopy	We analyze several possibilities for precisely measuring electronic transitions in atomic helium by the direct use of phase-stabilized femtosecond frequency combs . Because the comb is self-calibrating and can be shifted into the ultraviolet spectral region via harmonic generation , it offers the prospect of greatly improved accuracy for UV and far-UV transitions . To take advantage of this accuracy an ultracold helium sample is needed . For measurements of the triplet spectrum a magneto-optical trap ( MOT ) can be used to cool and trap metastable 2^3S state atoms . We analyze schemes for measuring the two-photon $ 2^3S \to 4^3S $ interval , and for resonant two-photon excitation to high Rydberg states , $ 2^3S \to 3^3P \to n^3S , D $ . We also analyze experiments on the singlet-state spectrum . To accomplish this we propose schemes for producing and trapping ultracold helium in the 1^1S or 2^1S state via intercombination transitions . A particularly intriguing scenario is the possibility of measuring the $ 1^1S \to 2^1S $ transition with extremely high accuracy by use of two-photon excitation in a magic wavelength trap that operates identically for both states . We predict a `` triple magic wavelength '' at 412 nm that could facilitate numerous experiments on trapped helium atoms , because here the polarizabilities of the 1^1S , 2^1S and 2^3S states are all similar , small , and positive .
0704.3447	physics.optics	Real Time Turbulent Video Perfecting by Image Stabilization and Super-Resolution	Image and video quality in Long Range Observation Systems ( LOROS ) suffer from atmospheric turbulence that causes small neighbourhoods in image frames to chaotically move in different directions and substantially hampers visual analysis of such image and video sequences . The paper presents a real-time algorithm for perfecting turbulence degraded videos by means of stabilization and resolution enhancement . The latter is achieved by exploiting the turbulent motion . The algorithm involves generation of a reference frame and estimation , for each incoming video frame , of a local image displacement map with respect to the reference frame ; segmentation of the displacement map into two classes : stationary and moving objects and resolution enhancement of stationary objects , while preserving real motion . Experiments with synthetic and real-life sequences have shown that the enhanced videos , generated in real time , exhibit substantially better resolution and complete stabilization for stationary objects while retaining real motion .
0704.3466	physics.gen-ph physics.space-ph	Optimal Electrostatic Space Tower ( Mast , New Space Elevator )	Author offers and researched the new and revolutionary inflatable electrostatic AB space towers ( mast , new space elevator ) up to one hundred twenty thousands kilometers ( or more ) in height . The main innovation is filling the tower by electron gas , which can create pressure up one atmosphere , has negligible small weight and surprising properties . The suggested mast has following advantages in comparison with conventional space elevator : 1 . Electrostatic AB tower may be built from Earth surface without the employment of any rockets . That decreases the cost of electrostatic mast by thousands of times . 2 . One can have any height and has a big control load capacity . 3 . Electrostatic tower can have the height of a geosynchronous orbit ( 36,000 km ) WITHOUT the additional top cable as the space elevator ( up 120,000 - 160,000 km ) and counterweight ( equalizer ) of hundreds of tons . 4 . The offered mast has less total mass than conventional space elevator . 5 . The offered tower can have the high-speed electrostatic climbers moved by high-voltage electricity from Earth 's surface . 6 . The electrostatic mast can bend in any needed direction when we give the necessary electric voltage in the required parts of the extended mast . 7 . Control mast has stability for any altitude . Three projects 100 km , 36,000km ( GEO ) , 120,000 km are computed and presented .
