0709.2407	physics.optics	Assessment method for photo-induced waveguides	A method to probe the guiding characteristics of waveguides formed in real-time is proposed and evaluated . It is based on the analysis of the time dependent light distribution observed at the exit face of the waveguide while progressively altering its index profile and probed by a large diameter optical beam . A beam propagation method is used to model the observed dynamics . The technique is applied to retrieve the properties of soliton-induced waveguides .
0709.2415	physics.class-ph physics.gen-ph	Maxwell equations in Riemannian space-time , geometry effect on material equations in media	The known possibility to consider the ( vacuum ) Maxwell equations in a curved space-time as Maxwell equations in flat space-time ( Mandel'stam L.I. , Tamm I.E . ) taken in an effective media the properties of which are determined by metrical structure of the curved model is studied . Metrical structure of the curved space-time generates effective constitutive equations for electromagnetic fields , the form of four corresponding symmetrical tensors is found explicitly for general case of an arbitrary Riemannian space - time . Four constitutive tensors are not independent and obey some additional constraints between them . Several simple examples are specified in detail : itis given geometrical modeling of the anisotropic media ( magnetic crystals ) and the geometrical modeling of a uniform media in moving reference frame in the Minkowsky electrodynamics -- the latter is realized trough the use of a non-diagonal metrical tensor determined by 4-vector velocity of the moving uniform media . Also the effective material equations generated by geometry of space of constant curvature ( Lobachevsky and Riemann models ) are determined .
0709.2424	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Quantum path interference in the wavelength dependence of high-harmonic generation	We investigate the dependence of the intensity of radiation due to high-harmonic generation ( HHG ) as a function of the wavelength of the fundamental driver field . Superimposed on a smooth power-law dependence observed previously we find surprisingly strong and rapid fluctuations on a fine wavelength scale . We identify the origin of these fluctuations in terms of quantum path interferences with up to five returning orbits significantly contributing .
0709.2453	physics.class-ph physics.gen-ph physics.optics	About Superluminal motions and Special Relativity : A Discussion of some recent Experiments , and the solution of the Causal Paradoxes	Some experiments , performed at Berkeley , Cologne , Florence , Vienna , Orsay , Rennes , etc. , led to the claim that something seems to travel with a group velocity larger than the speed c of light in vacuum . Various other experimental results seem to point in the same direction : For instance , localized wavelet- type solutions to Maxwell equations have been found , both theoretically and experimentally , that travel with superluminal speed . [ Even muonic and electronic neutrinos [ it has been proposed ] might be `` tachyons '' , since their square mass appears to be negative ] . With regard to the first-mentioned experiments , it was recently claimed by Guenter Nimtz that those results with evanescent waves ( or tunneling photons ) imply superluminal signal and impulse transmission , and therefore violate Einstein causality . In this note we want to stress that , on the contrary , all such results do not place relativistic causality in jeopardy , even if they referred to actual tachyonic motions : In fact , Special Relativity can cope even with superluminal objects and waves . For instance , it is possible ( at least in microphysics ) to solve also the known causal paradoxes , devised for faster than light motion , although this is not widely recognized yet . Here we show , in detail and rigorously , how to solve the oldest causal paradox , originally proposed by Tolman , which is the kernel of many further tachyon paradoxes ( like J.Bell 's , F.A.E.Pirani 's , J.D.Edmonds ' and others ' ) . The key to the solution is a careful application of tachyon mechanics , as it unambiguously follows from special relativity . At Last , in one of the two Appendices , we propose how to evaluate the group-velocity in the case of evanescent waves . [ PACS nos . : 03.30.+p ; 03.50.De ; 41.20.Jb ; 73.40.Gk ; 84.40.Az ; 42.82.Et ]
