0710.4388	physics.optics	Resolving the wave-vector and the refractive index from the coefficient of reflectance	We resolve the existing controversy concerning the selection of the sign of the normal-to-the-interface component of the wave-vector $ k_z $ of an electromagnetic wave in an active ( gain ) medium . Our method exploits the fact that no ambiguity exists in the case of a { \em film } of the active medium since its coefficient of reflectance is invariant under the inversion of the sign of $ k_z $ . Then we show that the limit of the infinite film thickness determines a unique and physically consistent choice of the wave-vector and the refractive index . Practically important implications of the theory are identified and discussed .
0710.4428	physics.plasm-ph physics.space-ph	Nonlinear theory of mirror instability near threshold	An asymptotic model based on a reductive perturbative expansion of the drift kinetic and the Maxwell equations is used to demonstrate that , near the instability threshold , the nonlinear dynamics of mirror modes in a magnetized plasma with anisotropic ion temperatures involves a subcritical bifurcation , leading to the formation of small-scale structures with amplitudes comparable with the ambient magnetic field .
0710.4429	physics.atm-clus physics.atom-ph	On photoionization of the subvalent subshells of noble gas endohedral atoms	We demonstrate strong interference patterns in the photoionization cross-section of the subvalent subshells of noble gas ( NG ) endohedral atoms NG @ F. This interference is a result of common action of three factors : the effect of neighboring atomic subshells , reflection of photoelectron waves by the fullerene F shell and resonance modification of the incoming photon beam by the complex effect under the action of the F electrons . We have considered the outer ns-subshells for Ne , Ar , Kr and Xe noble gas atoms . The polarization of the fullerene shell is expressed via the F total photoabsorption cross section . The photoelectron reflection from the static F potential is taken into account in the frame of the so-called bubble potential that is a spherical zero -- thickness type potential . It is assumed in the derivations that NG is centrally located in the fullerene . It is assumed also , in accordance with the available experimental data , that the fullerene radius is much bigger than the atomic radius and the thickness of the fullerene shell . These assumptions permit , as demonstrated recently , the NG @ F photoionization cross section to be presented as a product of the NG subvalent cross section and two calculated factors that account for polarization of the F electron shell and reflection of photoelectrons by the fullerene static potential .
0710.4446	physics.hist-ph	Comment on the history of the stretched exponential function	The original article of Rudolf Kohlrausch ( 1854 ) on stretched exponentials and their application to describe relaxation phenomena has been often misquoted in the literature after its rediscovery around 1984 . We discuss here this fact and attempt to set the record straight .
0710.4449	physics.soc-ph	Characterization of researchers in condensed matter physics using simple quantity based on h-index	Analysis of citation records of 52 active and productive condensed matter physicists shows that the ratio of h-index to the mean age of h most highly cited publications is a reliable quantity that allows meaningful comparison of scientists of different age .
0710.4505	physics.optics	Microdeflectometry - a novel tool to acquire 3D microtopography with nanometer height resolution	We introduce `` microdeflectometry '' , a novel technique for measuring the microtopography of specular surfaces . The primary data is the local slope of the surface under test . Measuring the slope instead of the height implies high information efficiency and extreme sensitivity to local shape irregularities . The lateral resolution can be better than one micron whereas the resulting height resolution is in the range of one nanometer . Microdeflectometry can be supplemented by methods to expand the depth of field , with the potential to provide quantitative 3D imaging with SEM-like features .
0710.4511	physics.atom-ph astro-ph physics.optics	An optical phase-locking with large and tunable frequency difference based on vertical-cavity surface-emitting laser	We present a novel technique to phase-lock two lasers with controllable frequency difference . In our setup , one sideband of a current modulated Vertical-Cavity Surface-Emitting Laser ( VCSEL ) is phase locked to the master laser by injection seeding , while another sideband of the VCSEL is used to phase lock the slave laser . The slave laser is therefore locked in phase with the master laser , with a frequency difference tunable up to about 35 GHz . The sideband suppression rate of the slave laser is more than 30dB at 30 uW seed power . The heterodyne spectrum between master and slave has a linewidth of less than 1 Hz . A coherent population trapping resonance of rubidium is achieved using such beams .
0710.4516	physics.soc-ph cs.CL	The predictability of letters in written english	We show that the predictability of letters in written English texts depends strongly on their position in the word . The first letters are usually the least easy to predict . This agrees with the intuitive notion that words are well defined subunits in written languages , with much weaker correlations across these units than within them . It implies that the average entropy of a letter deep inside a word is roughly 4 times smaller than the entropy of the first letter .
0710.4592	physics.bio-ph physics.data-an q-bio.PE	Stochastic extinction of epidemics in large populations and role of vaccinations	We investigate stochastic extinction in an epidemic model and the impact of random vaccinations in large populations formulated in terms of an optimal escape path . We find that different random vaccination strategies can have widely different results in decreasing expected time till extinction , for the same total amount of vaccines used . Vaccination strategies are considered in terms of two parameters : average frequency of vaccinations , given by $ \gamma $ , and the amplitude of the vaccinations , $ \epsilon $ , where $ \epsilon \ll 1 $ refers to the proportion of the population being vaccinated at some particular instant . It is found that while the average number of individuals vaccinated per unit time , $ \gamma \epsilon $ , is kept constant , the particular values of $ \gamma $ and $ \epsilon $ can play a highly significant role in increasing the chance of epidemic extinction . The findings suggest that expected time till extinction can be significantly shortened if less frequent vaccinations occur in larger groups , corresponding to low $ \gamma $ , high $ \epsilon $ strategy .
