0705.3097	physics.gen-ph	Extending the redshift-distance relation in Cosmological General Relativity to higher redshifts	The redshift-distance modulus relation , the Hubble Diagram , derived from Cosmological General Relativity has been extended to arbitrarily large redshifts . Numerical methods were employed and a density function was found that results in a valid solution of the field equations at all redshifts . The extension has been compared to 302 type Ia supernova data as well as to 69 Gamma-ray burst data . The latter however do not not truly represent a `standard candle ' as the derived distance modulii are not independent of the cosmology used . Nevertheless the analysis shows a good fit can be achieved without the need to assume the existence of dark matter . The Carmelian theory is also shown to describe a universe that is always spatially flat . This results from the underlying assumption of the energy density of a cosmological constant $ \Omega_ { \Lambda } = 1 $ , the result of vacuum energy . The curvature of the universe is described by a \textit { spacevelocity } metric where the energy content of the curvature at any epoch is $ \Omega_K = \Omega_ { \Lambda } - \Omega = 1-\Omega $ , where $ \Omega $ is the matter density of the universe . Hence the total density is always $ \Omega_K + \Omega = 1 $
0705.3102	physics.ins-det	Track reconstruction in the emulsion-lead target of the OPERA experiment using the ESS microscope	The OPERA experiment , designed to conclusively prove the existence of $ \rm \nu_\mu \to \nu_\tau $ oscillations in the atmospheric sector , makes use of a massive lead-nuclear emulsion target to observe the appearance of $ \rm \nu_\tau $ 's in the CNGS $ \rm \nu_\mu $ beam . The location and analysis of the neutrino interactions in quasi real-time required the development of fast computer-controlled microscopes able to reconstruct particle tracks with sub-micron precision and high efficiency at a speed of 20 cm^2 / h. This paper describes the performance in particle track reconstruction of the European Scanning System , a novel automatic microscope for the measurement of emulsion films developed for OPERA .
0705.3132	physics.flu-dyn	A Corrsin type approximation for Lagrangian fluid Turbulence	In Lagrangian turbulence one is faced with the puzzle that 2D Navier-Stokes flows are nearly as intermittent as in three dimensions although no intermittency is present in the inverse cascade in 2D Eulerian turbulence . In addition , an inertial range is very difficult to detect and it is questionable whether it exists at all . Here , we investigate the transition of Eulerian to Lagrangian probability density functions ( PDFs ) which leads to a new type of Lagrangian structure function . This possesses an extended inertial range similar to the case of tracer particles in a frozen turbulent velocity field . This allows a connection to the scaling of Eulerian transversal structure functions .
0705.3144	physics.comp-ph physics.flu-dyn	Impact of the floating-point precision and interpolation scheme on the results of DNS of turbulence by pseudo-spectral codes	In this paper we investigate the impact of the floating-point precision and interpolation scheme on the results of direct numerical simulations ( DNS ) of turbulence by pseudo-spectral codes . Three different types of floating-point precision configurations show no differences in the statistical results . This implies that single precision computations allow for increased Reynolds numbers due to the reduced amount of memory needed . The interpolation scheme for obtaining velocity values at particle positions has a noticeable impact on the Lagrangian acceleration statistics . A tri-cubic scheme results in a slightly broader acceleration probability density function than a tri-linear scheme . Furthermore the scaling behavior obtained by the cubic interpolation scheme exhibits a tendency towards a slightly increased degree of intermittency compared to the linear one .
0705.3157	physics.gen-ph	Two evolutionary lineages : Machiavellian and Bohrian intelligence	Two evolutionary lineages : Machiavellian and Bohrian intelligence Mutation and natural selection are the two most basic processes of evolution , yet the study of their interplay remains a challenge for theoretical and empirical research . Darwinian evolution favors genotypes with high replication rates , a process called survival of the fittest representing lineage of the Machiavellian inteligence . According to quasi-species theory , selection favors the cloud of genotypes , interconnected by mutation , whose average replication rate is highest : mutation acts as a selective agent to shape the entire genome so that is robust with respect to mutation . Thus survival of the flattest and inventivest representing lineage of the Bohrian intelligence at high mutation rates . Quasi-species theory predicts that , under appropriate conditions ( high mutation pressure ) , such a mutation can be fixed in an evolving population , despite its lower replication rate .
0705.3176	physics.gen-ph	Analysis of evidence of Mars life	Gillevinia straata , the scientific name [ 1 , 2 ] recognizing the first extraterrestrial living form ever nomenclated , as well as the existence of a new biological kingdom , Jakobia , in a new biosphere -Marciana- of what now has become the living system Solaria , is grounded on old evidence reinterpreted in the light of newly acquired facts . The present exposition provides a summary overview of all these grounds , outlined here as follows . A more detailed paper is being prepared for publication .
0705.3183	physics.class-ph	Magnification of Subwavelength Field Distributions at Microwave Frequencies Using a Wire Medium Slab Operating in the Canalization Regime	Magnification of subwavelength field distributions using a wire medium slab operating in the canalization regime is demonstrated using numerical simulations . The magnifying slab is implemented by radially enlarging the distance between adjacent wires , and the operational frequency is tuned to coincide with the Fabry-Perot resonance condition . The near-field distribution of a complex-shaped source is canalized over an electrical distance corresponding roughly to $ 3\lambda $ , and the distribution details are magnified by a factor of three . The operation of the slab is studied at several frequencies deviating from the Fabry-Perot resonance .
0705.3191	physics.gen-ph	Why E = mc^2 Emerges in the Process of Neutron Capture	This paper is a short commentary on the 2005 paper in Nature by S. Rainville et al. , which claimed to be `` the most precise direct test of the famous equation '' , E = mc^2 . This communication is directed only to the readers who are familiar with the earlier papers by the author on the subject of mass-energy equivalence .
0705.3211	physics.optics	Directional Emission from an Optical Microdisk Resonator with a Point Scatterer	We present a new design of dielectric microcavities supporting modes with large quality factors and highly directional light emission . The key idea is to place a point scatterer inside a dielectric circular microdisk . We show that , depending on the position and strength of the scatterer , this leads to strongly directional modes in various frequency regions while preserving the high Q-factors reminiscent of the whispering gallery modes of the microdisk without scatterer . The design is very appealing due to its simplicity , promising a cleaner experimental realisation than previously studied microcavity designs on the one hand and analytic tractability based on Green 's function techniques and self-adjoint extension theory on the other .
0705.3215	physics.soc-ph	On Automorphism Groups of Networks	We consider the size and structure of the automorphism groups of a variety of empirical `real-world ' networks and find that , in contrast to classical random graph models , many real-world networks are richly symmetric . We relate automorphism group structure to network topology and discuss generic forms of symmetry and their origin in real-world networks .
0705.3218	physics.chem-ph physics.bio-ph	Stern-Volmer Modeling of Steady-State Forster Energy Transfer Between Dilute , Freely Diffusing Membrane-Bound Fluorophores	Two different metrics are used to assess Forster resonance energy transfer ( FRET ) between fluorophores in the steady state : ( 1 ) acceptor-quenching of donor fluorescence , E ( a.k.a . transfer efficiency ) ; and ( ii ) donor-excited acceptor fluorescence , F-A-Dex . While E is still more widely used , F-A-Dex has been gaining in popularity for practical reasons among experimentalists who study biomembranes . Here , for the special case of membrane-bound fluorophores , we present a substantial body of experimental evidence that justifies the use of simple Stern-Volmer expressions when modeling either FRET metric under dilute-probe conditions . We have also discovered a dilute-regime correspondence between our Stern-Volmer expression for E and Wolber and Hudson 's series approximation for steady-state Forster quenching in 2D . This novel correspondence allows us to interpret each of our 2D quenching constants in terms of both ( i ) an effective Forster distance , and ( ii ) two maximum acceptor-concentration limits , each of which defines its own useful experimental regime . Taken together , our results suggest a three-step strategy toward designing more effective steady-state FRET experiments for the study of biomembranes .
0705.3224	physics.soc-ph	Spreading gossip in social networks	We study a simple model of information propagation in social networks , where two quantities are introduced : the spread factor , which measures the average maximal fraction of neighbors of a given node that interchange information among each other , and the spreading time needed for the information to reach such fraction of nodes . When the information refers to a particular node at which both quantities are measured , the model can be taken as a model for gossip propagation . In this context , we apply the model to real empirical networks of social acquaintances and compare the underlying spreading dynamics with different types of scale-free and small-world networks . We find that the number of friendship connections strongly influences the probability of being gossiped . Finally , we discuss how the spread factor is able to be applied to other situations .
0705.3225	physics.ins-det	An approximation of the ideal scintillation detector line shape with a generalized gamma distribution	An approximation of the real line shape of a scintillation detector with a generalized gamma distribution is proposed . The approximation describes the ideal scintillation line shape better than the conventional normal distribution . Two parameters of the proposed function are uniquely defined by the first two moments of the detector response .
0705.3234	physics.atom-ph cond-mat.str-el physics.optics	Development of an apparatus for cooling 6Li-87Rb Fermi-Bose mixtures in a light-assisted magnetic trap	We describe an experimental setup designed to produce ultracold trapped gas clouds of fermionic 6Li and bosonic 87Rb . This combination of alkali metals has the potential to reach deeper Fermi degeneracy with respect to other mixtures since it allows for improved heat capacity matching which optimizes sympathetic cooling efficiency . Atomic beams of the two species are independently produced and then decelerated by Zeeman slowers . The slowed atoms are collected into a magneto-optical trap and then transferred into a quadrupole magnetic trap . An ultracold Fermi gas with temperature in the 10^-3 T_F range should be attainable through selective confinement of the two species via a properly detuned laser beam focused in the center of the magnetic trap .
0705.3243	physics.soc-ph	Bias reduction in traceroute sampling : towards a more accurate map of the Internet	Traceroute sampling is an important technique in exploring the internet router graph and the autonomous system graph . Although it is one of the primary techniques used in calculating statistics about the internet , it can introduce bias that corrupts these estimates . This paper reports on a theoretical and experimental investigation of a new technique to reduce the bias of traceroute sampling when estimating the degree distribution . We develop a new estimator for the degree of a node in a traceroute-sampled graph ; validate the estimator theoretically in Erdos-Renyi graphs and , through computer experiments , for a wider range of graphs ; and apply it to produce a new picture of the degree distribution of the autonomous system graph .
0705.3266	physics.optics	Far field imaging by a planar lens : diffraction versus superresolution	We resolve the long standing controversy regarding the imaging by a planar lens made of left-handed media and demonstrate theoretically that its far field image has a fundamentally different origin depending on the relationship between losses { inside } the lens and the wavelength of the light $ \lambda $ . At small enough $ \lambda $ the image is always governed by diffraction theory , and the resolution is independent of the absorption if both Im $ \epsilon \ll 1 $ and Im $ \mu \ll 1 $ . For any finite $ \lambda $ , however , a critical absorption exists below which the superresolution regime takes place , though this absorption is extremely low and can hardly be achieved . We demonstrate that the transition between diffraction limited and superresolution regimes is governed by { the } universal parameter combining absorption , wavelength , and lens thickness . Finally , we show that this parameter is related to the resonant excitation of the surface plasma waves .
0705.3268	physics.atom-ph cond-mat.other	Atomtronic circuits of diodes and transistors	We illustrate that open quantum systems composed of neutral , ultracold atoms in one-dimensional optical lattices can exhibit behavior analogous to semiconductor electronic circuits . A correspondence is demonstrated for bosonic atoms , and the experimental requirements to realize these devices are established . The analysis follows from a derivation of a quantum master equation for this general class of open quantum systems .
