0712.1423	physics.chem-ph	Rich methane laminar flames doped with light unsaturated hydrocarbons . Part III : cyclopentene	In line with the studies presented in the parts I and II of this paper , the structure of a laminar rich premixed methane flame doped with cyclopentene has been investigated . The gases of this flame contains 15.3 % ( molar ) of methane , 26.7 % of oxygen and 2.4 % cyclopentene corresponding to an equivalence ratio of 1.79 and a ratio C5H8 / CH4 of 16 % . The flame has been stabilized on a burner at a pressure of 6.7 kPa using argon as dilutant , with a gas velocity at the burner of 36 cm/s at 333 K. The temperature ranged from 627 K close to the burner up to 2027 K. Quantified species included usual methane C0-C2 combustion products , but also propyne , allene , propene , propane , 1-butene , 1,3-butadiene , 1,2-butadiene , vinylacetylene , diacetylene , cyclopentadiene , 1,3-pentadiene , benzene and toluene . A new mechanism for the oxidation of cyclopentene has been proposed . The main reaction pathways of consumption of cyclopentene and of formation of benzene and toluene have been derived from flow rate analyses .
0712.1424	physics.bio-ph physics.gen-ph	Force spectroscopy on DNA by FM-AFM	We present imaging and force spectroscopy measurements of DNA molecules adsorbed on functionalized mica . By means of Non-Contact mode AFM ( NC-AFM ) in Ultra High Vacuum ( UHV ) , the frequency shift ( \Delta f ) versus separation ( z ) curves were measured providing a quantitative measurement of both force and energy of the tip-DNA interaction . Similarly , topographic images of the adsorbed DNA molecules in constant frequency shift mode were collected . The high resolution force measurements confirm the imaging contrast difference between the substrate and DNA . The force curves measured along the DNA molecule can be divided into two classes showing marked differences in the minimum of the interaction force and energy , indicating that NC-AFM could deliver chemical contrast along the DNA molecule .
0712.1433	physics.chem-ph	Experimental and modeling study of the autoignition of cyclopentane	Ignition delay times of cyclopentene-oxygen-argon mixtures were measured behind reflected shock waves . Mixtures contained 0.5 or 1 % of hydrocarbons for equivalence ratios ranging from 0.5 to 1.5 . Reflected shock waves conditions were : temperatures from 1300 to 1700 K and pressures from 7 to 9 atm . When comparing to previous results obtained under similar conditions , it can be observed that the reactivity of cyclopentene is much lower than that of cyclohexene , but very close to that of cyclopentane . A kinetic mechanism recently proposed for the combustion of cyclopentene in a flame has been used to model these results and a satisfactory agreement has been obtained . The main reaction pathways have been derived from flow rate , simulated temporal profiles of products and sensitivity analyses .
0712.1466	physics.flu-dyn	Theoretical Criteria for the Occurrence of Turbulence in Burger's Equation	Throughout the history of the study of turbulence in fluid dynamics , there has yet to arise a unique definition or theoretical criterion for this important phenomenon . There have been interesting conjectures made by Ruelle [ 2 ] , Muriel [ 3 ] , and Getreuer , Albano and Muriel [ 6 ] , however , attempting to provide the sufficient criteria for the onset of turbulence . In this paper , a classic equation in fluid dynamics , Burger 's equation , is solved in one and two dimensions , and these conjectures are illustrated . This illustration supports these conjectures by showing that the proposed criteria do arise mathematically from the solutions of an equation modelling fluid flows .
0712.1467	physics.optics physics.bio-ph	Heterodyne holographic microscopy of gold particles	We report experimental results on heterodyne holographic microscopy of subwavelength-sized gold particles . The apparatus uses continuous green laser illumination of the metal beads in a total internal reflection configuration for dark-field operation . Detection of the scattered light at the illumination wavelength on a charge-coupled device array detector enables 3D localization of brownian particles in water
0712.1474	physics.bio-ph	Quantum entanglement in the voltage dependent sodium channel can reproduce the salient features of neuronal action potential initiation	We investigate the effects of a quantum entanglement regime within an ion conducting molecule ( ion channel ) of the neuronal plasma membrane on the onset dynamics of propagating nerve pulses ( action potentials ) . In particular , we model the onset parameters of the sodium current in the Hodgkin Huxley equation as three similar but independent probabilistic mechanisms which become quantum entangled . The underlying physics is general and can involve entanglement between various degrees of freedom underlaying ion transition states or 'gating states ' during conduction , e.g . Na $ ^+ $ ions in different channel locations , or different 'affinity ' states of ions with atoms lining the sub-regions of the channel protein ( 'filter-states ' ) . We find that the 'quantum corrected ' Hodgkin Huxley equation incorporating entangled systems states can reproduce action potential pulses with the critical onset dynamics observed recently in neocortical neurons in vivo by Naundorf et al . [ Nature { \bf 440 } , 1060 ( 20 April 2006 ) ] . Interestingly , the suggested entanglement term can also slow down action potential initiation .
0712.1526	physics.atom-ph	Cold SO_2 molecules by Stark deceleration	We produce SO_2 molecules with a centre of mass velocity near zero using a Stark decelerator . Since the initial kinetic energy of the supersonic SO_2 molecular beam is high , and the removed kinetic energy per stage is small , 326 deceleration stages are necessary to bring SO_2 to a complete standstill , significantly more than in other experiments . We show that in such a decelerator possible loss due to coupling between the motional degrees of freedom must be considered . Experimental results are compared with 3D Monte-Carlo simulations and the quantum state selectivity of the Stark decelerator is demonstrated .
0712.1531	physics.gen-ph	Binding Energies of the Deuteron , the Neutron and the Alpha Particle from a Theoretical Geometric Model	We assume a triple geometric structure for the electromagnetic nuclear interaction . This nuclear electromagnetism is used to calculate the binding energies of the deuteron and the neutron . The corresponding Pauli quantum wave equation in a geometric theory , with the SU ( 2 ) electromagnetic coupling instead of the standard `` minimal '' coupling , contains a 1/r to-the-fourth-power , short-range attractive magnetic potential term . This term , produced by the odd part of the electromagnetic potential , may be responsible for a strong nuclear interaction . An approximation for the resultant wave equation leads to the modified Mathieu equation . Completely theoretical calculations give 2.205 Mev , 0.782 Mev and 27.6 Mev for the binding energies of the deuteron , the neutron and the alpha particle respectively . These values admit correction factors due to the approximations made .
0712.1538	physics.gen-ph	Massive Connection Bosons	It is shown that geometric connection field excitations acquire mass terms from a geometric background substratum related to the structure of space-time . Commutation relations in the electromagnetic su ( 2 ) sector of the connection limit the number of possible masses . Calculated results , within corrections of order alpha , are very close to the experimental masses of the intermediate W , Z bosons .
0712.1577	physics.ed-ph	A time of flight method to measure the speed of sound using a stereo sound card	We present an inexpensive apparatus for measuring the speed of sound , with a time of flight method , using a computer with a stereo sound board . Students measure the speed of sound by timing the delay between the arrivals of a pulse to two microphones placed at different distances from the source . It can serve as a very effective demonstration , providing a quick measurement of the speed of sound in air ; we have used it with great success in Open Days in our Department . It can also be used for a full fledged laboratory determination of the speed of sound in air .
0712.1586	physics.chem-ph cond-mat.mtrl-sci physics.atom-ph	Excitation energies from ground-state density-functionals by means of generator coordinates	The generator-coordinate method is a flexible and powerful reformulation of the variational principle . Here we show that by introducing a generator coordinate in the Kohn-Sham equation of density-functional theory , excitation energies can be obtained from ground-state density functionals . As a viability test , the method is applied to ground-state energies and various types of excited-state energies of atoms and ions from the He and the Li isoelectronic series . Results are compared to a variety of alternative DFT-based approaches to excited states , in particular time-dependent density-functional theory with exact and approximate potentials .
0712.1587	physics.atom-ph	A planar multipole ion trap	We report on the realisation of a chip-based multipole ion trap manufactured using micro-electromechanical systems ( MEMS ) technology . It provides ion confinement in an almost field-free volume between two planes of radiofrequency electrodes , deposited on glass substrates , which allows for optical access to the trap . An analytical model of the effective trapping potential is presented and compared with numerical calculations . Stable trapping of argon ions is achieved and a lifetime of 16s is measured . Electrostatic charging of the chip surfaces is studied and found to agree with a numerical estimate .
0712.1598	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech	The Price of Anarchy in Transportation Networks : Efficiency and Optimality Control	Uncoordinated individuals in human society pursuing their personally optimal strategies do not always achieve the social optimum , the most beneficial state to the society as a whole . Instead , strategies form Nash equilibria which are often socially suboptimal . Society , therefore , has to pay a price of anarchy for the lack of coordination among its members . Here we assess this price of anarchy by analyzing the travel times in road networks of several major cities . Our simulation shows that uncoordinated drivers possibly waste a considerable amount of their travel time . Counterintuitively , simply blocking certain streets can partially improve the traffic conditions . We analyze various complex networks and discuss the possibility of similar paradoxes in physics .
0712.1618	physics.optics	Cavity Optomechanics	The coupling of mechanical and optical degrees of freedom via radiation pressure has been a subject of early research in the context of gravitational wave detection . Recent experimental advances have allowed studying for the first time the modifications of mechanical dynamics provided by radiation pressure . This paper reviews the consequences of back-action of light confined in whispering-gallery dielectric micro-cavities , and presents a unified treatment of its two manifestations : notably the parametric instability ( parametric amplification ) and radiation pressure back-action cooling . Parametric instability offers a novel `` photonic clock '' which is driven purely by the pressure of light . In contrast , radiation pressure cooling can surpass existing cryogenic technologies and offers cooling to phonon occupancies below unity and provides a route towards cavity Quantum Optomechanics
