0712.3336	physics.bio-ph	Cardiac Alternans Arising from an Unfolded Border-Collision Bifurcation	Following an electrical stimulus , the transmembrane voltage of cardiac tissue rises rapidly and remains at a constant value before returning to the resting value , a phenomenon known as an action potential . When the pacing rate of a periodic train of stimuli is increased above a critical value , the action potential undergoes a period-doubling bifurcation , where the resulting alternation of the action potential duration is known as alternans in the medical literature . Existing cardiac models treat alternans either as a smooth or as a border-collision bifurcation . However , recent experiments in paced cardiac tissue reveal that the bifurcation to alternans exhibits hybrid smooth/nonsmooth behaviors , which can be qualitatively described by a model of so-called unfolded border-collision bifurcation . In this paper , we obtain analytical solutions of the unfolded border-collision model and use it to explore the crossover between smooth and nonsmooth behaviors . Our analysis shows that the hybrid smooth/nonsmooth behavior is due to large variations in the system 's properties over a small interval of the bifurcation parameter , providing guidance for the development of future models .
0712.3339	physics.class-ph	Rectification in synthetic conical nanopores : a one-dimensional Poisson-Nernst-Planck modeling	Ion transport in biological and synthetic nanochannels is characterized by phenomena such as ion current fluctuations and rectification . Recently , it has been demonstrated that nanofabricated synthetic pores can mimic transport properties of biological ion channels [ P. Yu . Apel , { \it et al . } , Nucl . Instr . Meth . B { \bf 184 } , 337 ( 2001 ) ; Z. Siwy , { \it et al . } , Europhys . Lett . { \bf 60 } , 349 ( 2002 ) ] . Here , the ion current rectification is studied within a reduced 1D Poisson-Nernst-Planck ( PNP ) model of synthetic nanopores . A conical channel of a few $ \mathrm { nm } $ to a few hundred of nm in diameter , and of few $ \mu $ m long is considered in the limit where the channel length considerably exceeds the Debye screening length . The rigid channel wall is assumed to be weakly charged . A one-dimensional reduction of the three-dimensional problem in terms of corresponding entropic effects is put forward . The ion transport is described by the non-equilibrium steady-state solution of the 1D Poisson-Nernst-Planck system within a singular perturbation treatment . An analytic formula for the approximate rectification current in the lowest order perturbation theory is derived . A detailed comparison between numerical results and the singular perturbation theory is presented . The crucial importance of the asymmetry in the potential jumps at the pore ends on the rectification effect is demonstrated . This so constructed 1D theory is shown to describe well the experimental data in the regime of small-to-moderate electric currents .
0712.3399	physics.acc-ph physics.ins-det	Introduction to the Photon Collider	The purpose of this Introduction , presented at PHOTON2007 , is to provide an overview of the basic principles , possible parameters , some technical aspects and the physics program of the photon collider and discuss its status within the ILC project .
0712.3488	physics.ed-ph	Teaching statistical physics by thinking about models and algorithms	We discuss several ways of illustrating fundamental concepts in statistical and thermal physics by considering various models and algorithms . We emphasize the importance of replacing students ' incomplete mental images by models that are physically accurate . In some cases it is sufficient to discuss the results of an algorithm or the behavior of a model rather than having students write a program .
0712.3572	physics.data-an hep-ex hep-ph hep-th physics.soc-ph	A Quantitative Measure of Experimental Scientific Merit	Experimental program review in our field may benefit from a more quantitative framework within which to quantitatively discuss the scientific merit of a proposed program of research , and to assess the scientific merit of a particular experimental result . This article proposes explicitly such a quantitative framework . Examples of the use of this framework in assessing the scientific merit of particular avenues of research at the energy frontier in many cases provide results in stark contradiction to accepted wisdom . The experimental scientific figure of merit proposed here has the potential for informing future choices of research direction in our field , and in other subfields of the physical sciences .
0712.3577	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Extraction of the species dependent dipole moment from high-order harmonic spectra in rare gas atoms	Based on high-order harmonic generation ( HHG ) spectra obtained from solving the time-dependent Schrodinger equation for atoms , we established quantitatively that the HHG yield can be expressed as the product of a returning electron wave packet and the photo-recombination cross sections , and the shape of the returning wave packet is shown to be largely independent of the species . By comparing the HHG spectra generated from different targets under identical laser pulses , accurate structural information , including the phase of the recombination amplitude , can be retrieved . This result opens up the possibility of studying the target structure of complex systems , including their time evolution , from the HHG spectra generated by short laser pulses .
0712.3591	physics.flu-dyn math.DS nlin.CD	Droplet traffic in microfluidic networks : A simple model for understanding and designing	We propose a simple model to analyze the traffic of droplets in microfluidic `` dual networks '' . Such functional networks which consist of two types of channels , namely those accessible or forbidden to droplets , often display a complex behavior characteristic of dynamical systems . By focusing on three recently proposed configurations , we offer an explanation for their remarkable behavior . Additionally , the model allows us to predict the behavior in different parameter regimes . A verification will clarify fundamental issues , such as the network symmetry , the role of the driving conditions , and of the occurrence of reversible behavior . The model lends itself to a fast numerical implementation , thus can help designing devices , identifying parameter windows where the behavior is sufficiently robust for a devices to be practically useful , and exploring new functionalities .
0712.3592	physics.comp-ph physics.flu-dyn	Tunable-slip boundaries for coarse-grained simulations of fluid flow	On the micro- and nanoscale , classical hydrodynamic boundary conditions such as the no-slip condition no longer apply . Instead , the flow profiles exhibit `` slip `` at the surface , which is characterized by a finite slip length ( partial slip ) . We present a new , systematic way of implementing partial-slip boundary conditions with arbitrary slip length in coarse-grained computer simulations . The main idea is to represent the complex microscopic interface structure by a spatially varying effective viscous force . An analytical equation for the resulting slip length can be derived for planar and for curved surfaces . The comparison with computer simulations of a DPD ( dissipative particle dynamics ) fluid shows that this expression is valid from full-slip to no-slip .
0712.3621	physics.atom-ph	Relativistic corrections to transition frequencies of Ag I , Dy I , Ho I , Yb II , Yb III , Au I and Hg II and search for variation of the fine structure constant	Dependence of transition frequencies on the fine structure constant $ \alpha=e^2/\hbar c $ is calculated for several many-electron systems which are used or planned to be used in the laboratory search for the time variation of the fine structure constant . In systems with a large number of electrons in open shells ( from 11 to 15 ) the relative effects of the variation may be strongly enhanced . For the transitions which were considered before the results are in good agreement with previous calculations .
