0712.3845	physics.plasm-ph astro-ph	Acceleration of dust particles by low-frequency Alfv\'en waves	We investigate the efficiency of acceleration of charged dust particles by low-frequency Alfv\'en waves in nonlinear approximation . We show that the longitudinal acceleration of dust particles is proportional to the square of the soliton amplitude $ O ( |b_m|^2 ) $ , while the transversal acceleration is of $ O ( |b_m| ) $ . In the conditions of the interstellar medium the resulting velocity of dust particles can reach 0.3 to 1 km s $ ^ { -1 } $ .
0712.3852	physics.data-an cond-mat.stat-mech hep-lat physics.comp-ph	From Data to Probability Densities without Histograms	When one deals with data drawn from continuous variables , a histogram is often inadequate to display their probability density . It deals inefficiently with statistical noise , and binsizes are free parameters . In contrast to that , the empirical cumulative distribution function ( obtained after sorting the data ) is parameter free . But it is a step function , so that its differentiation does not give a smooth probability density . Based on Fourier series expansion and Kolmogorov tests , we introduce a simple method , which overcomes this problem . Error bars on the estimated probability density are calculated using a jackknife method . We give several examples and provide computer code reproducing them . You may want to look at the corresponding figures 4 to 9 first .
0712.3853	physics.flu-dyn	The Rayleigh-Taylor instability and internal waves in quantum plasmas	Influence of quantum effects on the internal waves and the Rayleigh-Taylor instability in plasma is investigated . It is shown that quantum pressure always stabilizes the RT instability . The problem is solved both in the limit of short-wavelength perturbations and exactly for density profiles with layers of exponential stratification . In the case of stable stratification , quantum pressure modifies the dispersion relation of the inertial waves . Because of the quantum effects , the internal waves may propagate in the transverse direction , which was impossible in the classical case . A specific form of pure quantum internal waves is obtained , which do not require any external gravitational field .
0712.3888	physics.optics	Orthogonalization Properties of Linear Deterministic Polarization Elements	The conditions under which a linear anisotropic polarization element orthogonalizes several polarization states of input totally polarized light were studied in the paper . The criterion for orthogonalization was obtained in the form of inequality for anisotropy parameters . Orthogonalization properties of polarization elements with the most important anisotropy types were investigated . The parameters under which orthogonalization occurs , and the states that are orthogonalized were found . The loci of these states on the Poincare sphere were given for sake of illustration in each case .
0712.3891	physics.class-ph	The Dynamics of Relativistic Length Contraction and the Ehrenfest Paradox	Relativistic kinematics is usually considered only as a manifestation of pseudo-Euclidean ( Lorentzian ) geometry of space-time . However , as it is explicitly stated in General Relativity , the geometry itself depends on dynamics , specifically , on the energy-momentum tensor . We discuss a few examples , which illustrate the dynamical aspect of the length-contraction effect within the framework of Special Relativity . We show some pitfalls associated with direct application of the length contraction formula in cases when an extended object is accelerated . Our analysis reveals intimate connections between length contraction and the dynamics of internal forces within the accelerated system . The developed approach is used to analyze the correlation between two congruent disks - one stationary and one rotating ( the Ehrenfest paradox ) . Specifically , we consider the transition of a disk from the state of rest to a spinning state under the applied forces . It reveals the underlying physical mechanism in the corresponding transition from Euclidean geometry of stationary disk to Lobachevsky 's ( hyperbolic ) geometry of the spinning disk in the process of its rotational boost . A conclusion is made that the rest mass of a spinning disk or ring of a fixed radius must contain an additional term representing the potential energy of non-Euclidean circumferential deformation of its material . Possible experimentally observable manifestations of Lobachevsky 's geometry of rotating systems are discussed .
