0709.1998	physics.class-ph	A Boussinesq system for two-way propagation of interfacial waves	The theory of internal waves between two layers of immiscible fluids is important both for its applications in oceanography and engineering , and as a source of interesting mathematical model equations that exhibit nonlinearity and dispersion . A Boussinesq system for two-way propagation of interfacial waves in a rigid lid configuration is derived . In most cases , the nonlinearity is quadratic . However , when the square of the depth ratio is close to the density ratio , the coefficients of the quadratic nonlinearities become small and cubic nonlinearities must be considered . The propagation as well as the collision of solitary waves and/or fronts is studied numerically .
0709.2012	physics.ins-det physics.acc-ph	Simulation of LiCAS Error Propagation	Linear Collider Alignment and Survey ( LiCAS ) R & D group is proposing a novel automated metrology instrument dedicated to align and monitor the mechanical stability of a future linear high energy e+e- collider . LiCAS uses Laser Straightness Monitors ( LSM ) and Frequency Scanning Interferometry ( FSI ) for straightness and absolute distance measurements , respectively . This paper presents detailed simulations of a LiCAS system operating inside a Rapid Tunnel Reference Surveyor ( RTRS train ) . With the proposed design it is feasible to achieve the required vertical accuracy of the order of 200 micons over 600 m tunnel sections meeting the specification for the TESLA collider .
0709.2022	physics.optics	Tunneling mediated by conical waves in a 1D lattice	The nonlinear propagation of 3D wave-packets in a 1D Bragg-induced band-gap system , shows that tranverse effects ( free space diffraction ) affect the interplay of periodicity and nonlinearity , leading to the spontaneous formation of fast and slow conical localized waves . Such excitation corresponds to enhanced nonlinear transmission ( tunneling ) in the gap , with peculiar features which differ on the two edges of the band-gap , as dictated by the full dispersion relationship of the localized waves .
0709.2108	physics.data-an cond-mat.stat-mech physics.soc-ph	Robustness of community structure in networks	The discovery of community structure is a common challenge in the analysis of network data . Many methods have been proposed for finding community structure , but few have been proposed for determining whether the structure found is statistically significant or whether , conversely , it could have arisen purely as a result of chance . In this paper we show that the significance of community structure can be effectively quantified by measuring its robustness to small perturbations in network structure . We propose a suitable method for perturbing networks and a measure of the resulting change in community structure and use them to assess the significance of community structure in a variety of networks , both real and computer generated .
0709.2110	physics.ao-ph	The climate version of the Eta regional forecast model . 1 . Evaluation of consistency between the Eta model and HadAM3P global model	The regional climate model prepared from Eta WS forecast model has been integrated over South America with the horizontal resolution of 40 km for the period of 1960-1990 . The model was forced at its lateral boundaries by the outputs of HadAM3P . The data of HadAM3P represent simulation of modern climate with the resolution about 150 km . In order to prepare climate regional model from the Eta forecast model multiple modifications and corrections were made in the original model . The run of climate Eta model was made on the supercomputer SX-6 . The detailed analysis of the results of dynamical downscaling experiment includes an investigation of a consistency between the regional and AGCM models as well as of ability of the regional model to resolve important features of climate fields on the finer scale than that resolved by AGCM . In this work the results of the investigation of a consistency between the output fields of the Eta model and HadAM3P are presented . The geopotential , temperature and wind fields of both models were analysed . For the evaluation of the likeness of these two models outputs , there were used Fourier analysis of time series , consistency index , constituted from linear regression coefficients , time mean and space mean models ' arithmetic difference and root mean square difference , dispersion analysis , and some others characteristics . This investigation demonstrates that there are not significant differences in behaviour and spatial arragement of large-scale structures of the two models . Also , the regional model characteristics do not have considerable positive or negative trend during integration time in relation to the global model characteristics . From the total analysis we can affirm that in the description of large-scale climate structures these two models are in consistency .
0709.2123	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.dis-nn	Impact of community structure on information transfer	The observation that real complex networks have internal structure has important implication for dynamic processes occurring on such topologies . Here we investigate the impact of community structure on a model of information transfer able to deal with both search and congestion simultaneously . We show that networks with fuzzy community structure are more efficient in terms of packet delivery that those with pronounced community structure . We also propose an alternative packet routing algorithm which takes advantage of the knowledge of communities to improve information transfer and show that in the context of the model an intermediate level of community structure is optimal . Finally , we show that in a hierarchical network setting , providing knowledge of communities at the level of highest modularity will improve network capacity by the largest amount .
0709.2191	physics.class-ph physics.gen-ph physics.optics	On the Localized superluminal Solutions to the Maxwell Equations	In the first part of this article the various experimental sectors of physics in which Superluminal motions seem to appear are briefly mentioned , after a sketchy theoretical introduction . In particular , a panoramic view is presented of the experiments with evanescent waves ( and/or tunneling photons ) , and with the `` Localized superluminal Solutions '' ( SLS ) to the wave equation , like the so-called X-shaped waves . In the second part of this paper we present a series of new SLSs to the Maxwell equations , suitable for arbitrary frequencies and arbitrary bandwidths : some of them being endowed with finite total energy . Among the others , we set forth an infinite family of generalizations of the classic X-shaped wave ; and show how to deal with the case of a dispersive medium . Results of this kind may find application in other fields in which an essential role is played by a wave-equation ( like acoustics , seismology , geophysics , gravitation , elementary particle physics , etc . ) . This e-print , in large part a review , was prepared for the special issue on `` Nontraditional Forms of Light '' of the IEEE JSTQE ( 2003 ) ; and a preliminary version of it appeared as Report NSF-ITP-02-93 ( KITP , UCSB ; 2002 ) . Further material can be found in the recent e-prints arXiv:0708.1655v2 [ physics.gen-ph ] and arXiv:0708.1209v1 [ physics.gen-ph ] . The case of the very interesting ( and more orthodox , in a sense ) subluminal Localized Waves , solutions to the wave equations , will be dealt with in a coming paper . [ Keywords : Wave equation ; Wave propagation ; Localized solutions to Maxwell equations ; Superluminal waves ; Bessel beams ; Limited-dispersion beams ; Electromagnetic wavelets ; X-shaped waves ; Finite-energy beams ; Optics ; Electromagnetism ; Microwaves ; Special relativity ]
