0706.1985	physics.space-ph physics.ed-ph	Examining the Location of the Magnetopause in an Undergraduate Lab	Integrating areas of current research into undergraduate physics labs can be a difficult task . The location of the magnetopause is one problem that can be examined with no prior exposure to space physics . The magnetopause location can be viewed as a pressure balance between the dynamic pressure of the solar wind and the magnetic pressure of the magnetosphere . In this lab students examine the magnetopause location using simulation results from BAT-R-US global MHD code run at NASA 's Community Coordinated Modeling Center . Students also analyze data from several spacecraft to find magnetopause crossings . The students get reasonable results from this lab as well as exposure to the tools and techniques of space physics .
0706.1988	physics.ed-ph astro-ph	Lectures on Astronomy , Astrophysics , and Cosmology	These lecture notes were prepared as an aid to students enrolled in ( UG ) Astronomy 320 , in the 2007 Spring semester , at UW-Milwaukee . They are for study purposes only .
0706.2058	physics.chem-ph	Thermal stability of n-dodecane : experiments and kinetic modelling	The thermal decomposition of n-dodecane , a component of some jet fuels , has been studied in a jet-stirred reactor at temperatures from 793 to 1093 K , for residence times between 1 and 5 s and at atmospheric pressure . Thermal decomposition of hydrocarbon fuel prior the entrance in the combustion chamber is an envisaged way to cool the wall of hypersonic vehicles . The products of the reaction are mainly hydrogen , methane , ethane , 1,3-butadiene and 1-alkenes from ethylene to 1-undecene . For higher temperatures and residence times acetylene , allene , propyne , cyclopentene , 1,3-cyclopentadiene and aromatic compounds from benzene to pyrene through naphthalene have also been observed . A previous detailed kinetic model of the thermal decomposition of n-dodecane generated using EXGAS software has been improved and completed by a sub-mechanism explaining the formation and the consumption of aromatic compounds .
0706.2060	physics.chem-ph	The autoignition of cyclopentane and cyclohexane in a shock tube	Ignition delay times of cyclohexane-oxygen-argon and cyclopentane-oxygen-argon mixtures have been measured in a shock tube , the onset of ignition being detected by OH radical emission . Mixtures contained 0.5 or 1 % of hydrocarbon for equivalence ratios ranging from 0.5 to 2 . Reflected shock waves allowed temperatures from 1230 to 1800 K and pressures from 7.3 to 9.5 atm to be obtained . These measurements have shown that cyclopentane is much less reactive than cyclohexane , as for a given temperature the observed autoignition delay times were about ten times higher for the C5 compound compared to the C6 . Detailed mechanisms for the combustion of cyclohexane and cyclopentane have been proposed to reproduce these results . The elementary steps included in the kinetic models of the oxidation of cyclanes are close to those proposed to describe the oxidation of acyclic alkanes and alkenes . Consequently , it has been possible to obtain these models by using an improved version of software EXGAS , a computer package developed to perform the automatic generation of detailed kinetic models for the gas-phase oxidation and combustion of linear and branched alkanes and alkenes . Nevertheless , the modelling of the oxidation of cyclanes requires to consider new types of generic reactions , and especially to define new correlations for the estimation of the rate constants . Ab initio calculations have been used to better know some of the rate constants used in the case of cyclopentane . The main reaction pathways have been derived from flow rate and sensitivity analyses .
0706.2061	physics.chem-ph	Extension of the composite CBS-QB3 method to singlet diradical calculations	The composite CBS-QB3 method is widely used to obtain accurate energies of molecules and radicals although its use in the case of singlet diradicals gives rise to some difficulties . The problem is related to the parameterized correction this method introduces to account for spin-contamination . We report a new term specifically designed to describe singlet diradicals separated by at least one CH2 unit . As a test case , we have computed the formation enthalpy of a series of diradicals that includes hydrocarbons as well as systems involving heteroatoms ( nitrogen , oxygen ) . The resulting CBS-QB3 energies are very close to experiment .
0706.2062	physics.chem-ph	Kinetic modelling of a surrogate diesel fuel applied to 3D auto-ignition in HCCI engines	The prediction of auto-ignition delay times in HCCI engines has risen interest on detailed chemical models . This paper described a validated kinetic mechanism for the oxidation of a model Diesel fuel ( n-decane and & # 945 ; -methylnaphthalene ) . The 3D model for the description of low and high temperature auto-ignition in engines is presented . The behavior of the model fuel is compared with that of n-heptane . Simulations show that the 3D model coupled with the kinetic mechanism can reproduce experimental HCCI and Diesel engine results and that the correct modeling of auto-ignition in the cool flame region is essential in HCCI conditions .
0706.2064	physics.chem-ph	Modelling of the gas-phase oxidation of cyclohexane	This paper presents a modeling study of the oxidation of cyclohexane from low to intermediate temperature ( 650-1050 K ) , including the negative temperature coefficient ( NTC ) zone . A detailed kinetic mechanism has been developed using computer-aided generation . This comprehensive low-temperature mechanism involves 513 species and 2446 reactions and includes two additions of cyclohexyl radicals to oxygen , as well as subsequent reactions . The rate constants of the reactions involving the formation of bicyclic species ( isomerizations , formation of cyclic ethers ) have been evaluated from literature data . This mechanism is able to satisfactorily reproduce experimental results obtained in a rapid-compression machine for temperatures ranging from 650 to 900 K and in a jet-stirred reactor from 750 to 1050 K. Flow-rate analyses have been performed at low and intermediate temperatures .
0706.2066	physics.chem-ph	Primary reactions of the thermal decomposition of tricyclodecane	In order to better understand the thermal decomposition of polycyclanes , the pyrolysis of tricyclodecane has been studied in a jet-stirred reactor at temperatures from 848 to 933 K , for residence times between 0.5 and 6 s and at atmospheric pressure , in order to obtain a conversion between 0.01 and 25 % . The main products of the reaction are hydrogen , methane , ethylene , ethane , propene , 1,3-cyclopentadiene , cyclopentene , benzene , 1,5-hexadiene , toluene and 3-cyclopentyl-cyclopentene . A primary mechanism containing all the possible initiation steps , including those involving diradicals , as well as propagation reactions has been developed and allows experimental results to be satisfactorily modeled . The main reaction pathways of consumption of tricyclodecane and of formation of the main products have been derived from flow rate and sensitivity analyses .
0706.2067	physics.chem-ph	Use of detailed kinetic mechanisms for the prediction of autoignitions	This paper describes how automatically generated detailed kinetic mechanisms are obtained for the oxidation of alkanes and how these models could lead to a better understanding of autoignition and cool flame risks at elevated conditions . Examples of prediction of the occurrence of different autoignition phenomena , such as cool flames or two-stage ignitions are presented depending on the condition of pressure , temperature and mixture composition . Three compounds are treated , a light alkane , propane , and two heavier ones , n-heptane and n-decane .
0706.2068	physics.chem-ph	Experimental study of the structure of rich premixed 1,3-butadiene/CH4/O2/Ar flame	The structure of a laminar rich premixed 1,3-C4H6/CH4/O2/Ar flame have been investigated . 1,3-Butadiene , methane , oxygen and argon mole fractions are 0.033 ; 0.2073 ; 0.3315 , and 0.4280 , respectively , for an equivalent ratio of 1.80 . The flame has been stabilized on a burner at a pressure of 6.7 kPa ( 50 Torr ) . The concentration profiles of stable species were measured by gas chromatography after sampling with a quartz probe . Quantified species included carbon monoxide and dioxide , methane , oxygen , hydrogen , ethane , ethylene , acetylene , propyne , allene , propene , cyclopropane , 1,3-butadiene , butenes , 1-butyne , vinylacetylene , diacetylene , C5 compounds , benzene , and toluene . The temperature was measured thanks to a thermocouple in PtRh ( 6 % ) -PtRh ( 30 % ) settled inside the enclosure and ranged from 900 K close to the burner up to 2100 K .
0706.2115	physics.bio-ph q-bio.GN	RNA polymerase motors on DNA track : effects of traffic congestion on RNA synthesis	RNA polymerase ( RNAP ) is an enzyme that synthesizes a messenger RNA ( mRNA ) strand which is complementary to a single-stranded DNA template . From the perspective of physicists , an RNAP is a molecular motor that utilizes chemical energy input to move along the track formed by a ssDNA . In some circumstances , which are described in this paper , a large number of RNAPs move simultaneously along the same track . We refer to such collective movements of the RNAPs as RNAP traffic because of the similarities between the collective dynamics of the RNAPs on ssDNA track and that of vehicles in highway traffic . In this paper we develop a theoretical model for RNAP traffic by incorporating the steric interactions between RNAPs as well as the mechano-chemical cycle of individual RNAPs during the elongation of the mRNA . By a combination of analytical and numerical techniques , we calculate the rates of mRNA synthesis and the average density profile of the RNAPs on the ssDNA track . We also suggest novel experiments for testing our theoretical predictions .
0706.2123	physics.gen-ph	Extending the abilities of the Minkowski spacetime diagram	A two-dimensional Minkowski spacetime diagram is neatly represented on a Euclidean ordinary plane . However the Euclidean lengths of the lines on the diagram do not correspond to the true values of physical quantities in spacetime , except for those referring to the stationary reference frame . In order to extend its abilities to other inertial reference frames , we derive a factor which , multiplied by the magnitude of the actually displayed values ( on the diagram ) , leads to the corresponding true measured values by any other inertial observers . Doing so , the student can infer from the Euclidean diagram plot the expressions that account for Lorentz length contraction , time dilation and also Lorentz Transformations just by using regular trigonometry .
0706.2148	physics.atom-ph	High-harmonic generation in diatomic molecules : a quantum-orbit analysis of the interference patterns	We perform a detailed analysis of high-order harmonic generation in diatomic molecules within the strong-field approximation , with emphasis on quantum-interference effects . Specifically , we investigate how the different types of electron orbits , involving one or two centers , affect the interference patterns in the spectra . We also briefly address the influence of the choice of gauge , and of the initial and final electronic bound states on such patterns . For the length-gauge SFA and undressed bound states , there exist additional terms , which can be interpreted as potential energy shifts . If , on the one hand , such shifts alter the potential barriers through which the electron initially tunnels , and may lead to a questionable physical interpretation of the features encountered , on the other hand they seem to be necessary in order to reproduce the overall maxima and minima in the spectra . Indeed , for dressed electronic bound states in the length gauge , or undressed bound states in the velocity gauge , for which such shifts are absent , there is a breakdown of the interference patterns . In order to avoid such a problem , we provide an alternative pathway for the electron to reach the continuum , by means of an additional attosecond-pulse train . A comparison of the purely monochromatic case with the situation for which the attosecond pulses are present suggests that the patterns are due to the interference between the electron orbits which finish at different centers , regardless of whether one or two centers are involved .
0706.2165	physics.ed-ph	A Research-Based Curriculum for Teaching the Photoelectric Effect	Physics faculty consider the photoelectric effect important , but many erroneously believe it is easy for students to understand . We have developed curriculum on this topic including an interactive computer simulation , interactive lectures with peer instruction , and conceptual and mathematical homework problems . Our curriculum addresses established student difficulties and is designed to achieve two learning goals , for students to be able to ( 1 ) correctly predict the results of photoelectric effect experiments , and ( 2 ) describe how these results lead to the photon model of light . We designed two exam questions to test these learning goals . Our instruction leads to better student mastery of the first goal than either traditional instruction or previous reformed instruction , with approximately 85 % of students correctly predicting the results of changes to the experimental conditions . On the question designed to test the second goal , most students are able to correctly state both the observations made in the photoelectric effect experiment and the inferences that can be made from these observations , but are less successful in drawing a clear logical connection between the observations and inferences . This is likely a symptom of a more general lack of the reasoning skills to logically draw inferences from observations .
0706.2173	physics.plasm-ph physics.space-ph	Theoretical Resolution of Magnetic Reconnection in High Energy Plasmas	The formation of macroscopic reconnected magnetic structures ( islands ) have been observed in advanced experiments on weakly collisional , well confined plasmas while established theories of the drift-tearing modes , which depend strongly on the electron temperature gradient and can describe the formation of these structures , had predicted practically inaccessible excitation thresholds for them in these regimes . The relevant theoretical dilemma is resolved as mesoscopic modes that depend critically on the ratio of the transverse ( to the magnetic field ) to the longitudinal thermal conductivity $ { D^e_ { \perp } /D^e_ { \| } $ , can produce large scale magnetic reconnection . These modes are envisioned to emerge from a background , which can be coherent , of collisionless microscopic reconnecting modes driven by the electron temperature gradient , that create a sequence of adjacent strings of magnetic islands and increase considerably the ratio $ { D^e_ { \perp } /D^e_ { \| } $ over its classical value . The mesoscopic reconnecting mode is treated by a singular perturbation analysis involving three asymptotic regions and the small parameters $ { ( D^e_ { \perp } /D^e_ { \| } ) } ^ { 1/4 } $ and $ { \epsilon } ^ { 1/4 } _ { * } $ , where $ { \epsilon } _ { * } { \equiv } D_m/D_A $ , $ D_m $ is the magnetic diffusion coefficient , $ D_A\sim\texttt { v } ^ { 2 } _ { A } r_ { Te } / ( D_Bk_ { \perp } ) $ , $ r_ { Te } \equiv ( -d\texttt { ln } T_e/dr ) ^ { -1 } $ , $ k_ { \perp } $ is the transverse mode number , $ \texttt { v } ^ { 2 } _ { A } =B^ { 2 } / ( 4\pi { nm } _ { i } ) } $ and $ D_B=cT_e/ ( eB ) $ .
0706.2182	physics.gen-ph physics.atom-ph	New AB-Thermonuclear Reactor for Aerospace	There are two main methods of nulcear fusion : inertial confinement fusion ( ICF ) and magnetic confinement fusion ( MCF ) . Existing thermonuclear reactors are very complex , expensive , large , and heavy . They can not achieve the Lawson creterion . The author offers an innovation . ICF has on the inside surface of the shell-shaped combustion chamber a covering of small Prism Reflectors ( PR ) and plasma reflector . These prism reflectors have a noteworthy advantage , in comparison with conventional mirror and especially with conventional shell : they multi-reflect the heat and laser radiation exactly back into collision with the fuel target capsule ( pellet ) . The plasma reflector reflects the Bremsstrahlung radiation . The offered innovation decreases radiation losses , creates significant radiation pressure and increases the reaction time . The Lawson criterion increases by hundreds of times . The size , cost , and weight of a typical installation will decrease by tens of times . The author is researching the efficiency of these innovations . Keywords : Thermonuclear reactor , Multi-reflex AB-thermonuclear reactor , aerospace thermonuclear engine . This work is presented as paper AIAA-2006-7225 to Space-2006 Conference , 19-21 September , 2006 , San Jose , CA , USA .
0706.2194	physics.flu-dyn physics.ao-ph	Nonlinear wave-wave interactions in stratified flows : Direct numerical simulations	To investigate the formation mechanism of energy spectra of internal waves in the oceans , direct numerical simulations are performed . The simulations are based on the reduced dynamical equations of rotating stratified turbulence . In the reduced dynamical equations only wave modes are retained , and vortices and horizontally uniform vertical shears are excluded . Despite the simplifications , our simulations reproduce some key features of oceanic internal-wave spectra : accumulation of energy at near-inertial waves and realistic frequency and horizontal wavenumber dependencies . Furthermore , we provide evidence that formation of the energy spectra in the inertial subrange is dominated by scale-separated interactions with the near-inertial waves . These findings support oceanographers ' intuition that spectral energy density of internal waves is the result of predominantly wave-wave interactions .
