0711.1958	physics.atom-ph	Intrinsic channel closing in strong-field single ionization of H2	The ionization of H2 in intense laser pulses is studied by numerical integration of the time-dependent Schr\ '' odinger equation for a single-active-electron model including the vibrational motion . The electron kinetic-energy spectra in high-order above-threshold ionization are strongly dependent on the vibrational quantum number of the created H2+ ion . For certain vibrational states , the electron yield in the mid-plateau region is strongly enhanced . The effect is attributed to channel closings , which were previously observed in atoms by varying the laser intensity .
0711.1964	physics.atom-ph	Selective reflection spectroscopy of a vapour at a calcium fluoride interface	Fluoride materials exhibit surface resonances located in the thermal infrared . This makes them interesting to search for a fundamental temperature dependence of the atom-surface interaction , originating in the near-field thermal emissivity of the surface . Preliminary selective reflection experiments performed on a special Cs vapour cell that includes a CaF2 interface show a temperature dependence , yet to be analyzed
0711.1968	physics.optics nlin.PS	Ring surface waves in thermal nonlinear media	We address ring-shaped surface waves supported by defocusing thermal media with circular cross-section . Such waves exist because of the balance between repulsion from the interface and deflection of light from the bulk medium due to defocusing nonlocal nonlinearity . The properties of such surface waves are determined by the geometry of the sample . Nodeless ring surface waves are stable for all values of their winding number , while surface waves with a small number of azimuthal nodes can be metastable .
0711.1976	physics.gen-ph	Is Quantum Mechanics needed to explain consciousness ?	In this short comment to a recent contribution by E. Manousakis [ 1 ] it is argued that the reported agreement between the measured time evolution of conscious states during binocular rivalry and predictions derived from quantum mechanical formalisms does not require any direct effect of QM . The recursive consumption analysis process in the Ouroboros Model can yield the same behavior .
0711.2003	physics.plasm-ph hep-ph nucl-th	Plasma Electromagnetic Fluctuations as an Initial Value Problem	Fluctuations of electric and magnetic fields in the collisionless plasma are found as a solution of the initial value linearized problem . The plasma initial state is on average stationary and homogeneous . When the state is stable , the initial fluctuations decay exponentially and in the long time limit a stationary spectrum of fluctuations is established . For the equilibrium plasma it reproduces the spectrum obtained from the fluctuation-dissipation relation . Fluctuations in the unstable two-stream system are also discussed .
0711.2040	physics.optics	Slow-light effect in dual-periodic photonic lattice	We present analytical and numerical study of photonic lattice with short- and long-range harmonic modulations of the refractive index . Such structures can be prepared experimentally with holographic photolithography . In the spectral region of photonic bandgap of the underlying single-periodic crystal , we observe a series of bands with anomalously small dispersion . The related slow-light effect is attributed to the long-range modulation in the photonic lattice , that leads to formation of an array of evanescently-coupled high- $ Q $ cavities . The band structure of the lattice is studied with several techniques : ( i ) transfer matrix approach ; ( ii ) analysis of resonant coupling in process of band folding ; ( iii ) effective medium approach based on coupled-mode theory ; and ( iv ) Bogolyubov-Mitropolsky approach . The latter method , commonly used in the studies of nonlinear oscillators , was employed to investigate the behavior of the eigen-function envelopes and the band structure of our dual-periodic photonic lattice . We show that reliable results can be obtained even in the case of large refractive index modulation .
0711.2051	physics.optics physics.atom-ph	Comment on `` Angular dependence of Dicke-narrowed electromagnetically induced transparency resonances ''	We demonstrate that the experimental results reported by M. Shuker , O. Firstenberg , R. Pugatch , A. Ben-Kish,1 A. Ron , and N. Davidson , Phys . Rev . A { \bf 76 } , 023813 ( 2007 ) as Dicke narrowing of electromagnetically induced transparency , does not match with theory .
0711.2052	physics.optics	Computation and visualization of photonic quasicrystal spectra via Blochs theorem	Previous methods for determining photonic quasicrystal ( PQC ) spectra have relied on the use of large supercells to compute the eigenfrequencies and/or local density of states ( LDOS ) . In this manuscript , we present a method by which the energy spectrum and the eigenstates of a PQC can be obtained by solving Maxwells equations in higher dimensions for any PQC defined by the standard cut-and-project construction , to which a generalization of Blochs theorem applies . In addition , we demonstrate how one can compute band structures with defect states in the higher-dimensional superspace with no additional computational cost . As a proof of concept , these general ideas are demonstrated for the simple case of one-dimensional quasicrystals , which can also be solved by simple transfer-matrix techniques .
