0707.3693	physics.bio-ph	Thermodynamic model of interaction of small ligands with DNA	We have managed to correlate the stability constants of complex formation , which can be registered in equilibrium state , to the dynamic characteristic of the complex lifetime . Thus , the principal concept of molecular biophysics regarding biomolecule , structure-dynamics-function can be reformatted as structure-stability-function . It should be specially noted that such an approach highly simplifies end widens the time interval of investigation of dynamic characteristics of macromolecules . Study of hydration energy and hydration number by kinetic curves of water desorption from Na-DNA humidified fibers by glow discharge atomic spectral analysis of hydrogen allowed us to reveal that after transition of DNA from B form to unordered state the activation energy of hydrated water desorption increases by 0.65kcal/Mole of water . This increase of energy is 0.1 kcal/Mole for transition from B to C form ( from 20 to 10 water molecules per nucleotide ) and 0.55 kcal/Mole for the one from C form to A unordered state ( from 10 to 5 molecules per nucleotide ) . Simultaneous use of UDS and AES allows identifying the number of Wrong Watson-Crick pairs in DNA . The quantitative analysis is based on increase of informativity of UDS via its combination with atomic-emission spectroscopy . The number of the total metal-induced tautomerization makes six hundred per million base pairs of DNA . Such approach enables estimation of risk factors during clinical check-ups and evaluation of DNA suitability for nanotechnological purposes .
0707.3696	physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Towards journalometrical analysis of a scientific periodical : a case study	In this paper we use several approaches to analyse a scientific journal as a complex system and to make a possibly more complete description of its current state and evolution . Methods of complex networks theory , statistics , and queueing theory are used in this study . As a subject of the analysis we have chosen the journal `` Condensed Matter Physics '' ( http : //www.icmp.lviv.ua/journal/ ) . In particular , based on the statistical data regarding the papers published in this journal since its foundation in 1993 up to now we have composed the co-authorship network and extracted its main quantitative characteristics . Further , we analyse the priorities of scientific trends reflected in the journal and its impact on the publications in other editions ( the citation ratings ) . Moreover , to characterize an efficiency of the paper processing , we study the time dynamics of editorial processing in terms of queueing theory and human activity analysis .
0707.3796	physics.chem-ph math-ph math.MP	Methods of Modern Differential Geometry in Quantum Chemistry : TD Theories on Grassmann and Hartree-Fock Manifolds	Hamiltonian and Schrodinger evolution equations on finite-dimensional projective space are analyzed in detail . Hartree-Fock ( HF ) manifold is introduced as a submanifold of many electron projective space of states . Evolution equations , exact and linearized , on this manifold are studied . Comparison of matrices of linearized Schrodinger equations on many electron projective space and on the corresponding HF manifold reveals the appearance in the HF case a constraining matrix that involves matrix elements of many-electron Hamiltonian between HF state and double excited determinants . Character of dependence of transition energies on the matrix elements of constraining matrix is established by means of perturbation analysis . It is demonstrated that success of time-dependent HF theory in calculation of transition energies is mainly due to the wrong behavior of these energies as functions of matrix elements of constraining matrix as compared with the exact transition energies
0707.3820	physics.plasm-ph	Structure and Vertical Modes in Finite 2D Plasma Crystals	In this research , formation of finite two-dimensional ( 2D ) plasma crystals was numerically simulated . The structure was investigated for systems with various Debye length and it was found there is a transition from a complete hexagonal structure to a structure with concentric rings on the outer edge and hexagonal lattice in the interior as the Debye length increases . The vertical as well as horizontal oscillation modes thermally excited in the 2D dust coulomb clusters were investigated . The horizontal mode spectra is shown to agree with published results while the vertical mode spectra obtained from numerical simulation and analytical method agree with one another . The frequency of the vertical modes is shown to have a maximum corresponding to the whole system acting as a solid plane . For low frequency modes , the largest amplitude particle motion is concentrated in a few inner rings with the outer rings remaining almost motionless in contrast to the horizontal modes for which the strongest motion of the particles is concentrated in the inner rings at high frequencies .
0707.3825	physics.atm-clus	Emergence of noncollinear magnetic ordering in small magnetic clusters : Mn $ _n $ and As @ Mn $ _n $	Using first-principles density functional calculations , we have studied the magnetic ordering in pure Mn $ _n $ ( $ n=2- $ 10 , 13 , 15 , 19 ) and As @ Mn $ _n $ ( $ n=1- $ 10 ) clusters . Although , for both pure and doped manganese clusters , there exists many collinear and noncollinear isomers close in energy , the smaller clusters with $ n\leqslant $ 5 have collinear magnetic ground state and the emergence of noncollinear ground states is seen for $ n\geqslant $ 6 clusters . Due to strong $ p-d $ hybridization in As @ Mn $ _n $ clusters , the binding energy is substantially enhanced and the magnetic moment is reduced compared to the corresponding pure Mn $ _n $ clusters .
0707.3828	physics.atm-clus	Structure , bonding and magnetism in cobalt clusters	The structural , electronic and magnetic properties of Co $ _n $ clusters ( $ n=2- $ 20 ) have been investigated using density functional theory within the pseudopotential plane wave method . An unusual hexagonal growth pattern has been observed in the intermediate size range , $ n=15- $ 20 . The cobalt atoms are ferromagnetically ordered and the calculated magnetic moments are found to be higher than that of corresponding hcp bulk value , which are in good agreement with the recent Stern-Gerlach experiments . The average coordination number is found to dominate over the average bond length to determine the effective hybridization and consequently the cluster magnetic moment .
0707.3841	physics.class-ph	Poynting 's theorem for planes waves at an interface : a scattering matrix approach	We apply the Poynting theorem to the scattering of monochromatic electromagnetic planes waves with normal incidence to the interface of two different media . We write this energy conservation theorem to introduce a natural definition of the scattering matrix S. For the dielectric-dielectric interface the balance equation lead us to the energy flux conservation which express one of the properties of S : it is a unitary matrix . For the dielectric-conductor interface the scattering matrix is no longer unitary due to the presence of losses at the conductor . However , the dissipative term appearing in the Poynting theorem can be interpreted as a single absorbing mode at the conductor such that a whole S , satisfying flux conservation and containing this absorbing mode , can be defined . This is a simplest version of a model introduced in the current literature to describe losses in more complex systems .
0707.3846	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Quantum statistical measurements of an atom laser beam	We describe a scheme , operating in a manner analogous to a reversed Raman output coupler , for measuring the phase-sensitive quadrature statistics of an atom laser beam . This scheme allows for the transferral of the atomic field statistics to an optical field , for which the quantum statistics may then be measured using the well-developed technology of optical homodyne measurement .
