0801.0048	physics.gen-ph physics.data-an physics.med-ph	A robust and reliable method for detecting signals of interest in multiexponential decays	The concept of rejecting the null hypothesis for definitively detecting a signal was extended to relaxation spectrum space for multiexponential reconstruction . The novel test was applied to the problem of detecting the myelin signal , which is believed to have a time constant below 40ms , in T2 decays from MRI 's of the human brain . It was demonstrated that the test allowed the detection of a signal in a relaxation spectrum using only the information in the data , thus avoiding any potentially unreliable prior information . The test was implemented both explicitly and implicitly for simulated T2 measurements . For the explicit implementation , the null hypothesis was that a relaxation spectrum existed that had no signal below 40ms and that was consistent with the T2 decay . The confidence level by which the null hypothesis could be rejected gave the confidence level that there was signal below the 40ms time constant . The explicit implementation assessed the test 's performance with and without prior information where the prior information was the nonnegative relaxation spectrum assumption . The test was also implemented implicitly with a data conserving multiexponential reconstruction algorithm that used left invertible matrices and that has been published previously . The implicit and explicit implementations demonstrated similar characteristics in detecting the myelin signal in both the simulated and experimental T2 decays , providing additional evidence to support the close link between the two tests . [ Full abstract in paper ]
0801.0053	physics.chem-ph	Non-Equilibrium Thermodynamics formalism for Marcus cross-exchange electron transfer reaction rates	The cross-exchange electron transfer expression arising from Marcus theory is deduced using Onsager 's non-equilibrium Thermodynamics formalism .
0801.0058	physics.bio-ph cond-mat.soft	Ionic Cloud Distribution close to a Charged Surface in the Presence of Salt	Despite its importance , the understanding of ionic cloud distribution close to a charged macroion under physiological salt conditions has remained very limited especially for strongly coupled systems with , for instance , multivalent counterions . Here we present a formalism that predicts both counterion and coion distributions in the vicinity of a charged macroion for an arbitrary amount of added salt and in both limits of mean field and strong coupling . The distribution functions are calculated explicitly for ions next to an infinite planar charged wall . We present a schematic phase diagram identifying different physical regimes in terms of electrostatic coupling parameter and bulk salt concentration .
0801.0060	physics.optics	Deflection of Ultra Slow Light by Earth Gravity on Laboratory Length Scale	The high speed of light in vacuo together with the weakness of Earth gravity rules out any experimental detection of gravitational deflection of light on the laboratory length scale . Recent advances in coherent optics that produce ultra slow light in highly dispersive media with the group velocities down to ~102 ms-1 , or even less , however , open up this possibility . In this work , we present a theoretical study for a possible laboratory observation of the deflection of such an ultra slow light in the highly dispersive medium under Earth gravity . Our general relativistic calculation is based on the Gordon optical metric modified so as to include dispersion . The calculated linear vertical deflection turns out to be ~0.1 mm for a horizontal traversal of 0.1 m , and a group speed vg ~ 102 ms-1 . Experimental realizability and some conceptual points involved will be briefly discussed .
0801.0099	physics.gen-ph quant-ph	Reply to `On a recent proposal of faster than light quantum communication '	In a recent paper the author proposed the possibility of an experiment to perform faster-than-light communication via the collapse of the quantum wave-function . This was analyzed by Bassi and Ghirardi , and it is believed that this analysis itself merits a detailed examination .
0801.0107	physics.plasm-ph physics.space-ph	Kinetic dissipation and anisotropic heating in a turbulent collisionless plasma	The kinetic evolution of the Orszag-Tang vortex is studied using collisionless hybrid simulations . In the magnetohydrodynamic regime this vortex leads rapidly to broadband turbulence . Significant differences from MHD arise at small scales , where the fluid scale energy dissipates into heat almost exclusively through the magnetic field because the protons are decoupled from the magnetic field . Although cyclotron resonance is absent , the protons heat preferentially in the plane perpendicular to the mean field , as in the corona and solar wind . Effective transport coefficients are calculated .
