0711.2566	physics.atom-ph	Resonances in Ps-H scattering	The best 3-channel projectile-inelastic [ H ( 1s ) +Ps ( 1s,2s,2p ) ] close-coupling approximation ( CCA ) is performed for positronium ( Ps ) and hydrogen ( H ) collision considering both the atoms in ground states at the incident channel . The s-wave elastic phase shifts and cross sections in the singlet and triplet channels and the total ( or integrated ) cross section are studied below inelastic threshold . Resonances in singlet channel using 2-channel and 3-channel projectile-inelastic CCAs confirm earlier prediction [ 1 ] . A resonance in triplet channel using 3-channel projectile-inelastic CCA is a new addition .
0711.2577	physics.med-ph	Monte Carlo Simulation and Experimental Characterization of a Dual Head Gamma Camera	The GEANT4 Monte Carlo simulation and experimental characterization of the Siemens E.Cam Dual Head gamma camera hosted in the Particular Hospital of Algarve have been done . Imaging tests of thyroid and other phantoms have been made `` in situ '' and compared with the results obtained with the Monte Carlo simulation .
0711.2578	physics.atom-ph	Target-ionization with exchange in Ps-atom scattering	A proposal is made by the University College of London Group [ 1 ] for measuring the target-ionization cross sections in Ps and atom scattering . We calculate the corresponding theoretical data for Ps-H and Ps-He systems including the effect of exchange on Coulomb-Born approximation for the projectile-elastic and projectile-inelastic processes and report the total target-ionization cross sections for the first time .
0711.2614	physics.ins-det	Measurement of surface alpha-acrivity of different samples with ion pulse ionization chamber	The construction of an ion pulse ionization chamber aimed at measuring ultra-low levels of surface alpha-activity of different samples is described . The results of measurement carried out with alpha-source and copper samples and light-reflecting film VM2000 are presented .
0711.2648	physics.optics cond-mat.other	Surface Plasmon mediated near-field imaging and optical addressing in nanoscience	We present an overview of recent progress in plasmonics . We focus our study on the observation and excitation of surface plasmon polaritons ( SPPs ) with optical near-field microscopy . We discuss in particular recent applications of photon scanning tunnelling microscope ( PSTM ) for imaging of SPP propagating in metal and dielectric wave guides . We show how near-field scanning optical microscopy ( NSOM ) can be used to optically and actively address remotely nano-objects such as quantum dots . Additionally we compare results obtained with near-field microscopy to those obtained with other optical far-field methods of analysis such as leakage radiation microscopy ( LRM ) .
0711.2662	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Electromagnetically induced transparency at high optical power	We observe electromagnetically induced transparency ( EIT ) in Rb vapor at various optical intensities , starting from below saturation to several times the saturation intensity . The observed Lorentzian width of the EIT signal is very small . Solving the time dependant density matrix equation of motion with a phenomenological decay constant , we find an expression suitable in explaining the EIT signal . In this experimental observation and theoretical analysis intensity of EIT signal and its Lorentzian width increases with Rabi frequency of optical field .
0711.2663	physics.atom-ph physics.optics	Wide range and highly sensitive atomic magnetometry with Rb vapor	We have developed a technique in which Rb atomic response to weak magnetic field is high and an efficient rotation of linearly polarized laser beam results in efficient magnetometry . 85Rb isotope has been used for the magnetometry in an ordinary vapor cell without any paraffin coating to its inner wall . A linear regime of Faraday rotation of about 25 microT has been observed with atomic number density within the vapor cell of about 10^9 cm-3 .
0711.2665	physics.comp-ph physics.bio-ph	Parallel multiscale modeling of biopolymer dynamics with hydrodynamic correlations	We employ a multiscale approach to model the translocation of biopolymers through nanometer size pores . Our computational scheme combines microscopic Molecular Dynamics ( MD ) with a mesoscopic Lattice Boltzmann ( LB ) method for the solvent dynamics , explicitly taking into account the interactions of the molecule with the surrounding fluid . We describe an efficient parallel implementation of the method which exhibits excellent scalability on the Blue Gene platform . We investigate both dynamical and statistical aspects of the translocation process by simulating polymers of various initial configurations and lengths . For a representative molecule size , we explore the effects of important parameters that enter in the simulation , paying particular attention to the strength of the molecule-solvent coupling and of the external electric field which drives the translocation process . Finally , we explore the connection between the generic polymers modeled in the simulation and DNA , for which interesting recent experimental results are available .
0711.2693	physics.gen-ph	Transformation equations for the kinetic energy of the same particle : Filling the gap in special relativity literature	Transformation equations for the kinetic energy of a tardyon are derived in the limits of classical and of special relativity theory . Two formulas are presented . In the first one the energy of the particle in one of the involved reference frames is presented as a function of its proper energy , of the relative velocity of the two frames and of its speed in the second one . In the second one the kinetic energy in one of the involved reference frames is expressed as a function of its kinetic energy in the second one of its proper energy , of the relative velocity of the involved inertial reference frames and of its velocity relative to that frame . The obtained results are extended to the case of a photon that moves under the same geometrical conditions , recovering the formulas that account for the relativistic Doppler Effect , illustrating the behavior of a transformation equation when it should account for the properties of an electron and for those of a photon as well .
