0707.4064	physics.soc-ph	Local Leaders in Random Networks	We consider local leaders in random uncorrelated networks , i.e . nodes whose degree is higher or equal than the degree of all of their neighbors . An analytical expression is found for the probability of a node of degree $ k $ to be a local leader . This quantity is shown to exhibit a transition from a situation where high degree nodes are local leaders to a situation where they are not when the tail of the degree distribution behaves like the power-law $ \sim k^ { -\gamma_c } $ with $ \gamma_c=3 $ . Theoretical results are verified by computer simulations and the importance of finite-size effects is discussed .
0707.4084	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.dis-nn	Local structure of directed networks	Previous work on undirected small-world networks established the paradigm that locally structured networks tend to have high density of short loops . On the other hand , many realistic networks are directed . Here we investigate the local organization of directed networks and find , surprisingly , that real networks often have very few short loops as compared to random models . We develop a theory and derive conditions for determining if a given network has more or less loops than its randomized counterpart . These findings carry broad implications for structural and dynamical processes sustained by directed networks .
0707.4086	physics.atom-ph	The electron electric dipole moment enhancement factors of Rubidium and Caesium atoms	The enhancement factors of the electric dipole moment ( EDM ) of the ground states of two paramagnetic atoms ; rubidium ( Rb ) and caesium ( Cs ) which are sensitive to the electron EDM are computed using the relativistic coupled-cluster theory and our results are compared with the available calculations and measurements . The possibility of improving the limit for the electron EDM using the results of our present work is pointed out .
0707.4087	physics.data-an	Non-independent continuous time random walks	The usual development of the continuous time random walk ( CTRW ) assumes that jumps and time intervals are a two-dimensional set of independent and identically distributed random variables . In this paper we address the theoretical setting of non-independent CTRW 's where consecutive jumps and/or time intervals are correlated . An exact solution to the problem is obtained for the special but relevant case in which the correlation solely depends on the signs of consecutive jumps . Even in this simple case some interesting features arise such as transitions from unimodal to bimodal distributions due to correlation . We also develop the necessary analytical techniques and approximations to handle more general situations that can appear in practice .
0707.4122	physics.ins-det	The ATLAS Level-1 Trigger : Status of the System and First Results from Cosmic-Ray Data	The ATLAS detector at CERN 's Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) will be exposed to proton-proton collisions from beams crossing at 40 MHz . At the design luminosity of 10^34 cm^-2 s^-1 there are on average 23 collisions per bunch crossing . A three-level trigger system will select potentially interesting events in order to reduce the read-out rate to about 200 Hz . The first trigger level is implemented in custom-built electronics and makes an initial fast selection based on detector data of coarse granularity . It has to reduce the rate by a factor of 10^4 to less than 100 kHz . The other two consecutive trigger levels are in software and run on PC farms . We present an overview of the first-level trigger system and report on the current installation status . Moreover , we show analysis results of cosmic-ray data recorded in situ at the ATLAS experimental site with final or close-to-final hardware .
0707.4132	physics.class-ph physics.ed-ph	Comment on `` On an identity for the volume integral of the square of a vector field ''	Stewart has provided a position-space derivation of an identity for the volume integral of the square of a vector field that was quoted by Gubarev , Stodolsky and Zakharov . In this comment , I provide a momentum-space derivation of this result , generalized to the scalar product of two complex vector fields . This approach demonstrates the effective use of the Fourier transform technique in the context of vector analysis at a level suitable for undergraduate instruction .
0707.4144	physics.med-ph	The grid-dose-spreading algorithm for dose distribution calculation in heavy charged particle radiotherapy	A new variant of the pencil-beam ( PB ) algorithm for dose distribution calculation for radiotherapy with protons and heavier ions , the grid-dose spreading ( GDS ) algorithm , is proposed . The GDS algorithm is intrinsically faster than conventional PB algorithms due to approximations in convolution integral , where physical calculations are decoupled from simple grid-to-grid energy transfer . It was effortlessly implemented to a carbon-ion radiotherapy treatment planning system to enable realistic beam blurring in the field , which was absent with the broad-beam ( BB ) algorithm . For a typical prostate treatment , the slowing factor of the GDS algorithm relative to the BB algorithm was 1.4 , which is a great improvement over the conventional PB algorithms with a typical slowing factor of several tens . The GDS algorithm is mathematically equivalent to the PB algorithm for horizontal and vertical coplanar beams commonly used in carbon-ion radiotherapy while dose deformation within the size of the pristine spread occurs for angled beams , which was within 3 mm for a single proton pencil beam of $ 30^\circ $ incidence , and needs to be assessed against the clinical requirements and tolerances in practical situations .
0707.4161	physics.geo-ph physics.gen-ph physics.space-ph	Magnetic Field Generation in Planets and Satellites by Natural Nuclear Fission Reactors	One of the most fundamental problems in physics has been to understand the nature of the mechanism that generates the geomagnetic field and the magnetic fields of other planets and satellites . For decades , the dynamo mechanism , thought to be responsible for generating the geomagnetic field and other planetary magnetic fields , has been ascribed to convection in each planet's iron-alloy core . Recently , I described the problems inherent in Earth-core convection and proposed instead that the geomagnetic field is produced by a dynamo mechanism involving convection , not in the fluid core , but in the electrically conductive , fluid , fission-product sub-shell of a natural nuclear fission reactor at the center of the Earth , called the georeactor . Here I set forth in detail the commonality in the Solar System of the matter like that of the inside of the Earth , which is my basis for generalizing the concept of planetary magnetic field generation by natural planetocentric nuclear fission reactors .
0707.4192	physics.atom-ph	Improved Lewenstein model for high-order harmonic generation of atoms and molecules with scattering wavefunctions	We demonstrate a simple method to improve the Lewenstein model for the description of high-order harmonic generation ( HHG ) . It is shown that HHG spectra can be expressed as the product of a returning electron wave packet and the photo-recombination cross sections , where the former can be extracted from the Lewenstein model . By replacing plane waves with scattering waves in the calculation of recombination matrix elements , we showed that the resulting HHG spectra agree well with those from solving the time-dependent Schr\ '' odinger equation . The improved model can be used for quantitative calculations of high harmonics generated by molecules .
