0705.4342	physics.soc-ph	Network Growth via Preferential Attachment based on Prisoner 's Dilemma Game	In this article we discuss network growth based on Prisoner 's Dilemma ( PD ) where palyers on nodes in a network palay with its linked players . The players estimate total profits in the PD . When a new node is attached , the node make linkes to nodes in the network with the probabilities in proportion to the profits made by the game . Iterating this process , a network grows . We investigate properties of this type of growing networks , especially the degree distribution and time-depending strategy distribution by running computer simulation . We also find a sort of phase transition in the strategy distributions . For these phenomena given by computer simulation , theoretical studies are also carried out .
0705.4359	physics.gen-ph	Is the universe really expanding	The redshift of galaxies is in general explained by the expansion of space . The flat space time theory of gravitation suggests an additional interpretation . In this theory gravitation is explained analogously to Maxwell 's theory on a flat space-time metric and gravitation is described by a field ( potentials ) with which the proper time ( atomic time ) is defined . In addition to the proper time in the universe , the oberserver 's time is stated . The oberserver 's time interval is absolute whereas the interval of the proper time is time dependent . In particular , atomic clocks at distant objects are going slower than clocks at present . This explains the redshift of distant objects without assuming an expanding universe .
0705.4378	physics.hist-ph physics.pop-ph	Einstein and early 20th Century avant-garde art : points of contact ?	Art history linked some early 20th Century avant-garde visual art movements to contemporary systems of ideas in mathematics and theoretical physics . One of the proposed connections is the one that might have existed between Cubism and Relativity , or more precisely , between Picasso and Einstein . The suggested links are similarity ( in a weak version ) or identity ( in a strong version ) in matters of space , time and simultaneity . It is possible , however , that these supposed links of Einstein and avant-garde art movements were more the product of the imagination of historians and critics , than the result of connections between painters and scientists . On the one hand , the visual arts ( in contrast to music , as far as we now ) were of no interest to Einstein , who , moreover , did not seem inclined or knowledgeable enough to appreciate advanced forms . On the other hand , Einstein 's theories fell outside the artists ' ken , let alone their understanding , although there are firm clues pointing to the fact that repercussions of those theories in the press and in literary circles could have fired the imagination of some artists .
0705.4388	physics.hist-ph physics.pop-ph	From Newton to Einstein : the birth of Special Relativity	Physics was in crisis at the beginning of the twentieth century because the newborn Maxwell 's electromagnetism defied mechanistic preconceptions . Albert Einstein understood that the solution to the crisis required an audacious reworking of the concepts of space and time . Special Relativity deeply modified our way of regarding space and time , in order to harmonize electromagnetism with the principle of relativity . As a consequence , lengths and elapsed times were stripped of the invariant character that classical Physics conferred them ; in their place , the speed of light acquired that privileged status . Such revolutionary change forced Einstein to reformulate Newtonian mechanics , a step that led him to discover the mass-energy equivalence .
0705.4412	physics.med-ph	Aid to Percutaneous Renal Access by Virtual Projection of the Ultrasound Puncture Tract onto Fluoroscopic Images	Background and Purpose : Percutaneous renal access in the context of percutaneous nephrolithotomy ( PCNL ) is a difficult technique , requiring rapid and precise access to a particular calix . We present a computerized system designed to improve percutaneous renal access by projecting the ultrasound puncture tract onto fluoroscopic images . Materials and Methods : The system consists of a computer and a localizer allowing spatial localization of the position of the various instruments . Without any human intervention , the ultrasound nephrostomy tract is superimposed in real time onto fluoroscopic images acquired in various views . Results : We tested our approach by laboratory experiments on a phantom . Also , after approval by our institution 's Ethics Committee , we validated this technique in the operating room during PCNL in one patient . Conclusion : Our system is reliable , and the absence of image-processing procedures makes it robust . We have initiated a prospective study to validate this technique both for PCNL specialists and as a learning tool .
0705.4416	physics.bio-ph	Physical Aspects of Cancer Invasion	Invasiveness , one of the hallmarks of tumor progression , represents the tumor 's ability to expand into the host tissue by means of several complex biochemical and biomechanical processes . Since certain aspects of the problem present a striking resemblance with well known physical mechanisms , such as the mechanical insertion of a solid inclusion in an elastic material specimen [ 1 , 2 ] or a water drop impinging on a surface [ 3 ] , we propose here an analogy between these physical processes and a cancer system 's invasive branching into the surrounding tissue . Accounting for its solid and viscous properties , we present a unifying concept that the tumor behaves as a granular solid . While our model has been explicitly formulated for multicellular tumor spheroids in vitro , it should also contribute to a better understanding of tumor invasion in vivo .
0705.4420	physics.plasm-ph	Non equilibrium velocity distributions of H- ions in H2 plasmas and photodetachment measurements	A theoretical study of the energy distribution function of the negative hydrogen ion H- in typical conditions for multicusp ion sources is presented . The case of H/H2 mixture is studied by a Monte Carlo solution of the kinetic equation for H- transport . A simple analytical model is obtained for the case of a fully dissociated H plasma and uniform reduced electric field ( E/N ) . Results are in good agreement with the two-group distribution deduced from laser photodetachment experiments and explain the low energy group as an effect of the charge exchange collisions of negative ions with H atoms .
0705.4425	physics.atom-ph	High-precision study of Cs polarizabilities	We present results of the first-principles calculation of Cs dipole static polarizabilities for the Ns ( N = 6 - 12 ) , Np_j ( N = 6 - 10 ) , and Nd_j ( N = 5 - 10 ) states using the relativistic all-order method . In our implementation of the all-order method , single and double excitations of Dirac-Fock wave functions are included to all orders in perturbation theory . Additional calculations are carried out for the dominant terms and the uncertainties of our final values are estimated for all states . A comprehensive review of the existing theoretical and experimental studies of the Cs polarizabilities is also carried out . Our results are compared with other values where they are available . These calculations provide a theoretical benchmark for a large number of Cs polarizabilities .
0705.4428	physics.atom-ph	Electron electric dipole moment experiment using electric-field quantized slow cesium atoms	A proof-of-principle electron electric dipole moment ( e-EDM ) experiment using slow cesium atoms , nulled magnetic fields , and electric field quantization has been performed . With the ambient magnetic fields seen by the atoms reduced to less than 200 pT , an electric field of 6 MV/m lifts the degeneracy between states of unequal mF and , along with the low ( approximately 3 m/s ) velocity , suppresses the systematic effect from the motional magnetic field . The low velocity and small residual magnetic field have made it possible to induce transitions between states and to perform state preparation , analysis , and detection in regions free of applied static magnetic and electric fields . This experiment demonstrates techniques that may be used to improve the e-EDM limit by two orders of magnitude , but it is not in itself a sensitive e-EDM search , mostly due to limitations of the laser system .
0705.4441	physics.hist-ph physics.pop-ph	Philosophy and Relativity	With his General Theory of Relativity , Albert Einstein produced a revolution in our conception of reality and of the knowledge we can obtain from it . This revolution can be viewed from philosophy as leading to one of the great paradigms in the history of thought which , together with the Aristotelian and the Newtonian paradigms , embodied the different ways of conceiving the universe and our access to it . The comparison among these three paradigms allows us to understand how the human being has progressively lost his central place in the cosmos , not only in physical terms , but also in an epistemic sense , regarding his power of knowledge about reality .
0705.4445	physics.soc-ph	Quality functions in community detection	Community structure represents the local organization of complex networks and the single most important feature to extract functional relationships between nodes . In the last years , the problem of community detection has been reformulated in terms of the optimization of a function , the Newman-Girvan modularity , that is supposed to express the quality of the partitions of a network into communities . Starting from a recent critical survey on modularity optimization , pointing out the existence of a resolution limit that poses severe limits to its applicability , we discuss the general issue of the use of quality functions in community detection . Our main conclusion is that quality functions are useful to compare partitions with the same number of modules , whereas the comparison of partitions with different numbers of modules is not straightforward and may lead to ambiguities .
0705.4446	physics.hist-ph physics.pop-ph	Einstein against quantum mechanics : randomness , ignorance and our ignorance about randomness	Albert Einstein made fundamental contributions to the development of quantum mechanics . However , he was never satisfied with the quantum worldview . In fact , during most of his life he attempted to find inconsistencies and paradoxes within quantum mechanics . His famous quote `` God does not play dice '' shows how disturbing was to Einstein one of the most important aspects of quantum mechanics : non-determinism . In this paper we will present the basic concepts of quantum mechanics , we will describe Einstein 's attempts to destroy it and we will discuss why we can nowadays state that , in this regard , Albert Einstein was not right .
0705.4450	physics.optics physics.plasm-ph	Stokes-vector evolution in a weakly anisotropic inhomogeneous medium	Equation for evolution of the four-component Stokes vector in weakly anisotropic and smoothly inhomogeneous media is derived on the basis of quasi-isotropic approximation of the geometrical optics method , which provides consequent asymptotic solution of Maxwell equations . Our equation generalizes previous results , obtained for the normal propagation of electromagnetic waves in stratified media . It is valid for curvilinear rays with torsion and is capable to describe normal modes conversion in the inhomogeneous media . Remarkably , evolution of the Stokes vector is described by the Bargmann-Michel-Telegdi equation for relativistic spin precession , whereas the equation for the three-component Stokes vector resembles the Landau-Lifshitz equation for spin precession in ferromegnetic systems . General theory is applied for analysis of polarization evolution in a magnetized plasma . We also emphasize fundamental features of the non-Abelian polarization evolution in anisotropic inhomogeneous media and illustrate them by simple examples .
0705.4455	physics.gen-ph physics.class-ph	Is Quantum Mechanics Incompatible with Newton 's First Law	Quantum mechanics ( QM ) clearly violates Newton 's First Law of Motion ( NFLM ) in the quantum domain for one of the simplest problems , yielding an effect in a force-free region much like the Aharonov-Bohm effect . In addition , there is an incompatibility between the predictions of QM in the classical limit , and that of classical mechanics ( CM ) with respect to NFLM . A general argument is made that such a disparity may be found commonly for a wide variety of quantum predictions in the classical limit . Alternatives to the Schrodinger equation are considered that might avoid this problem . The meaning of the classical limit is examined . Critical views regarding QM by Schrodinger , Bohm , Bell , Clauser , and others are presented to provide a more complete perspective .
0705.4508	physics.gen-ph	The unification of Pythagorean theorem for electronic orbitals with Kepler 's law for planetary orbits	In the context of two-dimensional spacetime within a helium atom , both 1s electrons are characterized by wave functions that observe duality equation . They are symmetric , orthogonal and interwoven , forming a dynamic rope structure at any moment . Instead of elliptical orbit of planets around the sun , electronic orbitals take the form of matter state transformation cycle . While the kinematic movement of planets is governed by Kepler 's first law , electronic transformation obeys Pythagorean theorem , both being equivalent in physical principle . The atomic spacetime is a continuous medium of electron clouds in synchronized differential and integral processes that are implemented by smooth trigonometry . In order to integrate this new approach with conventional physics , the author translates the pattern of electronic motion in the atomic spacetime into spherical volume undulation in Euclidean geometry and calculates the probability density of an electron within the sphere from the classical perspective . From the primary wave function of a 1s electron , the author also tries to derive the mathematical expression of central force that guides the surrounding bodies along the orbits . The result is exciting and surprising that questions the exactness of the venerable Coulomb 's law .
