0712.1303	physics.geo-ph physics.data-an	Aftershock identification	Earthquake aftershock identification is closely related to the question `` Are aftershocks different from the rest of earthquakes ? '' We give a positive answer to this question and introduce a general statistical procedure for clustering analysis of seismicity that can be used , in particular , for aftershock detection . The proposed approach expands the analysis of Baiesi and Paczuski [ PRE , 69 , 066106 ( 2004 ) ] based on the space-time-magnitude nearest-neighbor distance $ \eta $ between earthquakes . We show that for a homogeneous Poisson marked point field with exponential marks , the distance $ \eta $ has Weibull distribution , which bridges our results with classical correlation analysis for unmarked point fields . We introduce a 2D distribution of spatial and temporal components of $ \eta $ , which allows us to identify the clustered part of a point field . The proposed technique is applied to several synthetic seismicity models and to the observed seismicity of Southern California .
0712.1307	physics.chem-ph	Arsenic uptake by gypsum and calcite : Modeling and probing by neutron and x-ray scattering	Here we report on two structural studies performed on As-doped gypsum ( CaSO4 2H2O ) and calcite ( CaCO3 ) , using neutron ( D20-ILL ) and x-ray ( ID11-ESRF ) diffraction data and EXAFS ( BM8-ESRF ) . The aim of this study is to determine whether As gets into the bulk of gypsum and calcite structures or is simply adsorbed on the surface . Different mechanisms of substitution are used as hypotheses . The combined Rietveld analysis of neutron and x-ray diffraction data shows an expansion of the unit cell volume proportional to the As concentration within the samples . DFT-based simulations confirm the increase of the unit cell volume proportional to the amount of carbonate or sulphate groups substituted . Interpolation of the experimental Rietveld data allows us to distinguish As substituted within the structure from that adsorbed on the surface of both minerals .
0712.1312	physics.ao-ph	A delay differential model of ENSO variability : Parametric instability and the distribution of extremes	We consider a delay differential equation ( DDE ) model for El-Nino Southern Oscillation ( ENSO ) variability . The model combines two key mechanisms that participate in ENSO dynamics : delayed negative feedback and seasonal forcing . We perform stability analyses of the model in the three-dimensional space of its physically relevant parameters . Our results illustrate the role of these three parameters : strength of seasonal forcing $ b $ , atmosphere-ocean coupling $ \kappa $ , and propagation period $ \tau $ of oceanic waves across the Tropical Pacific . Two regimes of variability , stable and unstable , are separated by a sharp neutral curve in the $ ( b , \tau ) $ plane at constant $ \kappa $ . The detailed structure of the neutral curve becomes very irregular and possibly fractal , while individual trajectories within the unstable region become highly complex and possibly chaotic , as the atmosphere-ocean coupling $ \kappa $ increases . In the unstable regime , spontaneous transitions occur in the mean `` temperature '' ( { \it i.e . } , thermocline depth ) , period , and extreme annual values , for purely periodic , seasonal forcing . The model reproduces the Devil 's bleachers characterizing other ENSO models , such as nonlinear , coupled systems of partial differential equations ; some of the features of this behavior have been documented in general circulation models , as well as in observations . We expect , therefore , similar behavior in much more detailed and realistic models , where it is harder to describe its causes as completely .
