0712.3965	physics.ao-ph math.NA physics.comp-ph	Data Assimilation for Wildland Fires : Ensemble Kalman filters in coupled atmosphere-surface models	Two wildland fire models are described , one based on reaction-diffusion-convection partial differential equations , and one based on semi-empirical fire spread by the level let method . The level set method model is coupled with the Weather Research and Forecasting ( WRF ) atmospheric model . The regularized and the morphing ensemble Kalman filter are used for data assimilation .
0712.3985	physics.optics	Time delays and energy transport velocities in three dimensional ideal cloaking	We obtained the energy transport velocity distribution for a three dimensional ideal cloak explicitly . Near the operation frequency , the energy transport velocity has rather peculiar distribution . The velocity along a line joining the origin of the cloak is a constant , while the velocity approaches zero at the inner boundary of the cloak . A ray pointing right into the origin of the cloak will experience abrupt changes of velocities when it impinges on the inner surface of the cloak . This peculiar distribution causes infinite time delays for the ideal cloak within a geometric optics description .
0712.3992	physics.soc-ph q-fin.ST	Two Fractal Overlap Time Series : Earthquakes and Market Crashes	We find prominent similarities in the features of the time series for the ( model earthquakes or ) overlap of two Cantor sets when one set moves with uniform relative velocity over the other and time series of stock prices . An anticipation method for some of the crashes have been proposed here , based on these observations .
0712.3994	physics.bio-ph physics.med-ph	Computational study of the vibrating disturbances to the lung function	Frequently during its lifetime a human organism is subjected to the acoustical and similar to them vibrating impacts . Under the certain conditions such influence may cause physiological changes in the organs functioning . Thus the study of the oscillatory mechanical impacts to the organism is very important task of the numerical physiology . It allows to investigate the endurance limits of the organism and to develop protective measures in order to extend them . The noise nuisances affects to the most parts of the organism disrupting their functions . The vibrating disturbances caused to the lung function as one of the most sensitive to the acoustical impacts is considered in this work . The model proposed to describe the air motion in trachea-bronchial tree is based on the one dimensional no-linear theory including mass and momentum conservation for the air flow in flexible tubes .
0712.4029	physics.gen-ph	Elements of Radio Waves	We present a summary of the basic properties of the radio wave generation , propagation and reception , with a special attention to the gigahertz bandwidth region which is of interest for wireless sensor networks . We also present some measurement results which use the so-called RSSI indicator in order to track how the field strength varies with position and distance of the transceivers . We hope the paper may be useful to anyone who looks for a quick review of the fundamentals of electromagnetic theory with application to antennas .
0712.4031	physics.soc-ph	The Dynamics of a Mobile Phone Network	The empirical study of network dynamics has been limited by the lack of longitudinal data . Here we introduce a quantitative indicator of link persistence to explore the correlations between the structure of a mobile phone network and the persistence of its links . We show that persistent links tend to be reciprocal and are more common for people with low degree and high clustering . We study the redundancy of the associations between persistence , degree , clustering and reciprocity and show that reciprocity is the strongest predictor of tie persistence . The method presented can be easily adapted to characterize the dynamics of other networks and can be used to identify the links that are most likely to survive in the future .
0712.4042	physics.data-an hep-ex physics.ins-det	Applying Bayesian Neural Networks to Event Reconstruction in Reactor Neutrino Experiments	A toy detector has been designed to simulate central detectors in reactor neutrino experiments in the paper . The electron samples from the Monte-Carlo simulation of the toy detector have been reconstructed by the method of Bayesian neural networks ( BNN ) and the standard algorithm , a maximum likelihood method ( MLD ) , respectively . The result of the event reconstruction using BNN has been compared with the one using MLD . Compared to MLD , the uncertainties of the electron vertex are not improved , but the energy resolutions are significantly improved using BNN . And the improvement is more obvious for the high energy electrons than the low energy ones .
0712.4045	physics.geo-ph physics.ao-ph physics.data-an physics.plasm-ph	On two approaches to the building of local models for electron density based on Irkutsk digizond data	In the paper the step-by-step principles for making local model of electron density are described . They are based on modulation principle - electron density dependence on time is a product of a number of temporal variations caused by solar radiation , magnetic activity , Earth orientation and unknown additional periodical processes ( not a sum , as they suppose sometimes when making such models ) . A multiranges modulation principle is also suggested , that allows automatically extend the set of parameters by using new ones , obtained by filtration ( or averaging ) of basic set of parameters over the time . In the paper we describe two approaches to the model creation - descriptional and predictional ones . To test the approach three different models were created for daily electron density logarithm using the described principles . We have used the data of Irkutsk digisonde over the period 2003-2007 years for testing . It becomes clear that a non-optimal choice of the number of model parameters could increase prediction error , inspite the error over the set , used for analysis , will decrease . It is shown that one year prediction has accuracy about 9-23 % depending on the height , and the highest error corresponds to the height about 200km . From the modelling we could also see that with increasing of the height the number of parameters increases , and this could be caused by inaccuracy of the model or by not taking additional physical mechanisms into consideration .
