0712.3904	physics.acc-ph	Comment on `` Feasibility of an electron-based crystalline undulator ''	Tabrizi et al . [ physics/0701342 ] discuss the feasibility of an electron-based crystal undulator ( e-CU ) by planar channeling of 50 GeV electrons through a periodically bent crystal . We show that their scheme is not feasible . First , their undulator parameter is K > > 1 always , which destroys photon interference . Second , they overestimate the electron dechanneling length in e-CU by an order of magnitude , which shortens the number N of e-CU periods from 5-15 ( as they hope ) to just 1-2 . This kills their e-CU concept again . We made first simulation of electron channeling in undulated crystal and conclude that an electron-based crystal wiggler is feasible with wiggler strength K=10 and number of periods N=2 .
0712.3906	physics.soc-ph	Optimization in task -- completion networks	We discuss the collective behavior of a network of individuals that receive , process and forward to each other tasks . Given costs they store those tasks in buffers , choosing optimally the frequency at which to check and process the buffer . The individual optimizing strategy of each node determines the aggregate behavior of the network . We find that , under general assumptions , the whole system exhibits coexistence of equilibria and hysteresis .
0712.3918	physics.class-ph	Digital Image Mechanical Identification ( DIMI )	A continuous pathway from digital images acquired during a mechanical test to quantitative identification of a constitutive law is presented herein based on displacement field analysis . From images , displacement fields are directly estimated within a finite element framework . From the latter , the application of the equilibrium gap method provides the means for rigidity field evaluation . In the present case , a reconditioned formulation is proposed for a better stability . Last , postulating a specific form of a damage law , a linear system is formed that gives a direct access to the ( non-linear ) damage growth law in one step . The two last procedures are presented , validated on an artificial case , and applied to the case of a biaxial tension of a composite sample driven up to failure . A quantitative estimate of the quality of the determination is proposed , and in the last application , it is shown that no more than 7 % of the displacement field fluctuations are not accounted for by the determined damage law .
0712.3929	physics.bio-ph physics.geo-ph	Epileptic Seizures : Quakes of the brain ?	The concept of universality proposes that dynamical systems with the same power law behaviors are equivalent at large scales . We test this hypothesis on the Earth 's crust and the epileptic brain , and discover that power laws also govern the distributions of seizure energies and recurrence times . This robust correspondence is extended over seven statistics , including the direct and inverse Omori laws . We also verify in an animal seizure model the earthquake-driven hypothesis that power law statistics co-exist with characteristic scales , as coupling between constitutive elements increases towards the synchronization regime . These observations point to the universality of the dynamics of coupled threshold oscillators for systems even as diverse as Earth and brain and suggest a general strategy for forecasting seizures , one of neurosciences ' grails .
