0709.1755	physics.chem-ph nlin.CD	Dynamical tunneling in molecules : Quantum routes to energy flow	Dynamical tunneling , introduced in the molecular context , is more than two decades old and refers to phenomena that are classically forbidden but allowed by quantum mechanics . On the other hand the phenomenon of intramolecular vibrational energy redistribution ( IVR ) has occupied a central place in the field of chemical physics for a much longer period of time . Although the two phenomena seem to be unrelated several studies indicate that dynamical tunneling , in terms of its mechanism and timescales , can have important implications for IVR . Examples include the observation of local mode doublets , clustering of rotational energy levels , and extremely narrow vibrational features in high resolution molecular spectra . Both the phenomena are strongly influenced by the nature of the underlying classical phase space . This work reviews the current state of understanding of dynamical tunneling from the phase space perspective and the consequences for intramolecular vibrational energy flow in polyatomic molecules .
0709.1764	physics.optics	`` Slow Light '' and `` Slow Current ''	It is shown that the effect of hole-burning under conditions of coherent population oscillations as well as the light pulse delay in a saturable absorber ( a modification of the `` slow light '' effect ) can be interpreted , in a comprehensive way , in terms of { \it intensity spectrum } of the light and { \it intensity-related susceptibility } of the non-linear medium . The physical content of these effects is illustrated by a simple electric circuit with a non-linear resistor which realizes a full analog of the saturable absorber . In this case the effect of hole-burning in the absorption spectrum of the medium is converted in to the effect of hole-burning in the frequency dependence of resistance of the non-linear resistor and the effect of `` slow light '' -- in to the effect of `` slow current '' .
0709.1773	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	Deformation potential dominated phonons in ZnS quantum dots	Strong deformation potential ( DP ) dominated Raman spectra are reported for quantum confined cubic ZnS nanoclusters under off-resonance conditions allowed only in quantum dots . A flurry of zone boundary phonons is demonstrated in the scattering process . Transverse optic ( TO ) mode in the multi-phonon process shows only even order overtones suggesting the dominance of a two-phonon process ( having large DP value in ZnS ) and its integral multiples . Two-phonon TO modes corresponding to A1 and B2 symmetries are also demonstrated under off-resonance conditions which are allowed only in quantum dots .
0709.1792	physics.geo-ph physics.ins-det	On the influence of time and space correlations on the next earthquake magnitude	A crucial point in the debate on feasibility of earthquake prediction is the dependence of an earthquake magnitude from past seismicity . Indeed , whilst clustering in time and space is widely accepted , much more questionable is the existence of magnitude correlations . The standard approach generally assumes that magnitudes are independent and therefore in principle unpredictable . Here we show the existence of clustering in magnitude : earthquakes occur with higher probability close in time , space and magnitude to previous events . More precisely , the next earthquake tends to have a magnitude similar but smaller than the previous one . A dynamical scaling relation between magnitude , time and space distances reproduces the complex pattern of magnitude , spatial and temporal correlations observed in experimental seismic catalogs .
0709.1800	physics.bio-ph cond-mat.stat-mech physics.pop-ph q-bio.SC	Molecular motors : design , mechanism and control	Biological functions in each animal cell depend on coordinated operations of a wide variety of molecular motors . Some of the these motors transport cargo to their respective destinations whereas some others are mobile workshops which synthesize macromolecules while moving on their tracks . Some other motors are designed to function as packers and movers . All these motors require input energy for performing their mechanical works and operate under conditions far from thermodynamic equilibrium . The typical size of these motors and the forces they generate are of the order of nano-meters and pico-Newtons , respectively . They are subjected to random bombardments by the molecules of the surrounding aqueous medium and , therefore , follow noisy trajectories . Because of their small inertia , their movements in the viscous intracellular space exhibits features that are characteristics of hydrodynamics at low Reynold 's number . In this article we discuss how theoretical modeling and computer simulations of these machines by physicists are providing insight into their mechanisms which engineers can exploit to design and control artificial nano-motors .
0709.1844	physics.plasm-ph	A summary of the beatwave experiments at Ecole Polytechnique	We present a summary of the beatwave particle acceleration program developed at Ecole Polytechnique . In dedicated experiments , plasma formation , plasma wave generation and saturation , and particle acceleration were successively studied and understood in detail . A maximum energy gain of 1.3 MeV was obtained , which is compatible with an accelerating gradient of 0.7 GV/m .
0709.1858	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.stat-mech q-bio.PE	Adaptive Coevolutionary Networks : A Review	Adaptive networks appear in many biological applications . They combine topological evolution of the network with dynamics in the network nodes . Recently , the dynamics of adaptive networks has been investigated in a number of parallel studies from different fields , ranging from genomics to game theory . Here we review these recent developments and show that they can be viewed from a unique angle . We demonstrate that all these studies are characterized by common themes , most prominently : complex dynamics and robust topological self-organization based on simple local rules .
0709.1891	physics.flu-dyn	Wind and boundary layers in Rayleigh-Benard convection . Part 2 : boundary layer character and scaling	The effect of the wind of Rayleigh-Benard convection on the boundary layers is studied by direct numerical simulation of an L/H=4 aspect-ratio domain with periodic side boundary conditions for Ra= { 10^5 , 10^6 , 10^7 } and Pr=1 . It is shown that the kinetic boundary layers on the top- and bottom plate have some features of both laminar and turbulent boundary layers . A continuous spectrum , as well as significant forcing due to Reynolds stresses indicates undoubtedly a turbulent character , whereas the classical integral boundary layer parameters -- the shape factor and friction factor ( the latter is shown to be dominated by the pressure gradient ) -- scale with Reynolds number more akin to laminar boundary layers . This apparent dual behavior is caused by the large influence of plumes impinging onto and detaching from the boundary layer . The plume-generated Reynolds stresses have a negligible effect on the friction factor at the Rayleigh numbers we consider , which indicates that they are passive with respect to momentum transfer in the wall-parallel direction . However , the effect of Reynolds stresses can not be neglected for the thickness of the kinetic boundary layer . Using a conceptual wind model , we find that the friction factor C_f should scale proportional to the thermal boundary layer thickness as C_f ~ lambda_Theta , while the kinetic boundary layer thickness lambda_u scales inversely proportional to the thermal boundary layer thickness and wind Reynolds number lambda_u ~ lambda_Theta^ { -1 } Re^ { -1 } . The predicted trends for C_f and \lambda_u are in agreement with DNS results .
0709.1900	physics.atom-ph	Quantum Chaos and Regularity in Ultracold Fermi Gases	Quantum fluctuation of the energy is studied for an ultracold gas of interacting fermions trapped in a three-dimensional potential . Periodic-orbit theory is explored , and energy fluctuations are studied versus particle number for generic regular and chaotic systems , as well for a system defined by a harmonic confinement potential . Temperature effects on the energy fluctuations are investigated .
0709.1906	physics.optics	Factorization of Numbers with the temporal Talbot effect : Optical implementation by a sequence of shaped ultrashort pulses	We report on the successful operation of an analogue computer designed to factor numbers . Our device relies solely on the interference of classical light and brings together the field of ultrashort laser pulses with number theory . Indeed , the frequency component of the electric field corresponding to a sequence of appropriately shaped femtosecond pulses is determined by a Gauss sum which allows us to find the factors of a number .
0709.1939	physics.flu-dyn	Non-local interactions in hydrodynamic turbulence at high Reynolds numbers : the slow emergence of scaling laws	We analyze the data stemming from a forced incompressible hydrodynamic simulation on a grid of 2048^3 regularly spaced points , with a Taylor Reynolds number of Re~1300 . The forcing is given by the Taylor-Green flow , which shares similarities with the flow in several laboratory experiments , and the computation is run for ten turnover times in the turbulent steady state . At this Reynolds number the anisotropic large scale flow pattern , the inertial range , the bottleneck , and the dissipative range are clearly visible , thus providing a good test case for the study of turbulence as it appears in nature . Triadic interactions , the locality of energy fluxes , and structure functions of the velocity increments are computed . A comparison with runs at lower Reynolds numbers is performed , and shows the emergence of scaling laws for the relative amplitude of local and non-local interactions in spectral space . The scalings of the Kolmogorov constant , and of skewness and flatness of velocity increments , performed as well and are consistent with previous experimental results . Furthermore , the accumulation of energy in the small-scales associated with the bottleneck seems to occur on a span of wavenumbers that is independent of the Reynolds number , possibly ruling out an inertial range explanation for it . Finally , intermittency exponents seem to depart from standard models at high Re , leaving the interpretation of intermittency an open problem .
0709.1948	physics.data-an physics.bio-ph	Information theoretic approach to interactive learning	The principles of statistical mechanics and information theory play an important role in learning and have inspired both theory and the design of numerous machine learning algorithms . The new aspect in this paper is a focus on integrating feedback from the learner . A quantitative approach to interactive learning and adaptive behavior is proposed , integrating model- and decision-making into one theoretical framework . This paper follows simple principles by requiring that the observer 's world model and action policy should result in maximal predictive power at minimal complexity . Classes of optimal action policies and of optimal models are derived from an objective function that reflects this trade-off between prediction and complexity . The resulting optimal models then summarize , at different levels of abstraction , the process 's causal organization in the presence of the learner 's actions . A fundamental consequence of the proposed principle is that the learner 's optimal action policies balance exploration and control as an emerging property . Interestingly , the explorative component is present in the absence of policy randomness , i.e . in the optimal deterministic behavior . This is a direct result of requiring maximal predictive power in the presence of feedback .
0709.1953	physics.chem-ph	Charge-transfer photodissociation of adsorbed molecules via electron image states	The 248nm and 193nm photodissociation of submonolayer quantities of CH $ _3 $ Br and CH $ _3 $ I adsorbed on thin layers of n-hexane indicate that the dissociation is caused by dissociative electron attachment from sub-vacuum level photoelectrons created in the copper substrate . The characteristics of this photodissociation -- translation energy distributions and coverage dependences show that the dissociation is mediated by an image potential state which temporarily traps the photoelectrons near the n-hexane -- vacuum interface , and then the charge transfers from this image state to the affinity level of a co-adsorbed halomethane which then dissociates .
0709.1973	physics.atm-clus cond-mat.stat-mech	Density of states of helium droplets	Accurate analytical expressions for the state densities of liquid He-4 droplets are derived , incorporating the ripplon and phonon degrees of freedom . The microcanonical temperature and the ripplon angular momentum level density are also evaluated . The approach is based on inversions and systematic expansions of canonical thermodynamic properties .
0709.1981	physics.data-an	Street-based Topological Representations and Analyses for Predicting Traffic Flow in GIS	It is well received in the space syntax community that traffic flow is significantly correlated to a morphological property of streets , which are represented by axial lines , forming a so called axial map . The correlation co-efficient ( R square value ) approaches 0.8 and even a higher value according to the space syntax literature . In this paper , we study the same issue using the Hong Kong street network and the Hong Kong Annual Average Daily Traffic ( AADT ) datasets , and find surprisingly that street-based topological representations ( or street-street topologies ) tend to be better representations than the axial map . In other words , vehicle flow is correlated to a morphological property of streets better than that of axial lines . Based on the finding , we suggest the street-based topological representations as an alternative GIS representation , and the topological analyses as a new analytical means for geographic knowledge discovery .
