0710.2195	physics.plasm-ph	A Statistical Description of Parametric Instabilities with an Incoherent Pump	The effect on parametric instability growth of pump wave incoherence is treated by deriving a set of equations governing the space-time evolution of the ensemble-average coupled-mode amplitudes and intensities . Particular attention is paid to establishing the regions of validity of the statistical description . Thresholds , growth rates , and amplification rates are given for both spatially and temporally incoherent pump waves . Both absolutely and convectively unstable modes are considered . The statistical results are verified where appropriate by numerical integration of the coupled-mode equations with different models of pump incoherence .
0710.2219	physics.class-ph cond-mat.other gr-qc physics.gen-ph	Forces and momenta caused by electromagnetic waves in magnetoelectric media	We analyse the propagation of electromagnetic waves in magnetoelectric media . Recently , Feigel has predicted that such a medium may `` extract momentum from vacuum '' in the sense that the total momentum of the virtual waves ( vacuum fluctuations of the electromagnetic field ) is nontrivial . Our aim is to check the feasibility of this effect . The crucial point in our study is an assumption of the finite size of the magnetoelectric sample , which allows us to reduce the calculation of the momenta and forces of the electromagnetic waves acting on the sample to the vacuum region outside of the medium . In this framework , we demonstrate that , in contrast to Feigel , the total force caused by the virtual is zero , with an appropriate count of the modes that should be taken into account in this effect . Furthermore , we find that the two irreducible parts of the magnetoelectric matrix behave differently in the possible Feigel effect . Going beyond the original scheme of the virtual electromagnetic waves , we propose an experimental scheme which is suitable for the measurement of the magnetoelectric susceptibilities of the medium with the help of real electromagnetic waves .
0710.2228	physics.soc-ph cs.CY cs.IR physics.data-an	Recommendation model based on opinion diffusion	Information overload in the modern society calls for highly efficient recommendation algorithms . In this letter we present a novel diffusion based recommendation model , with users ' ratings built into a transition matrix . To speed up computation we introduce a Green function method . The numerical tests on a benchmark database show that our prediction is superior to the standard recommendation methods .
0710.2240	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph	The radiative lifetime of metastable CO ( $ a^3\Pi , v=0 $ )	We present a combined experimental and theoretical study on the radiative lifetime of CO in the $ a^3\Pi_ { 1,2 } , v=0 $ state . CO molecules in a beam are prepared in selected rotational levels of this metastable state , Stark-decelerated and electrostatically trapped . From the phosphorescence decay in the trap , the radiative lifetime is measured to be $ 2.63\pm0.03 $ ms for the $ a^3\Pi_1 , v=0 , J=1 $ level . From spin-orbit coupling between the $ a^3\Pi $ and the $ A^1\Pi $ state a 20 % longer radiative lifetime of 3.16 ms is calculated for this level . It is concluded that coupling to other $ ^1\Pi $ states contributes to the observed phosphorescence rate of metastable CO .
0710.2255	physics.flu-dyn physics.ao-ph	A phase-space study of jet formation in planetary-scale fluids	The interaction between planetary waves and an arbitrary zonal flow is studied from a phase-space viewpoint . Using the Wigner distribution , a planetary wave Vlasov equation is derived that includes the contribution of the mean flow to the zonal potential vorticity gradient . This equation is applied to the problem of planetary wave modulational instability , where it is used to predict a fastest growing mode of finite wavenumber . A wave-mean flow numerical model is used to test the analytical predictions , and an intuitive explanation of modulational instability and jet asymmetry is given via the motion of planetary wavepackets in phase space .
0710.2256	physics.optics	Integral transformation solution of free-space cylindrical vector beams and prediction of modified-Bessel-Gaussian vector beams	A unified description of the free-space cylindrical vector beams is presented , which is an integral transformation solution to the vector Helmholtz equation and the transversality condition . The amplitude 2-form of the angular spectrum involved in this solution can be arbitrarily chosen . When one of the two elements is zero , we arrive at either transverse-electric or transverse-magnetic beam mode . In the paraxial condition , this solution not only includes the known $ J_1 $ Bessel-Gaussian vector beam and the axisymmetric Laguerre-Gaussian vector beam that were obtained by solving the paraxial wave equations , but also predicts two new kinds of vector beam , called the modified-Bessel-Gaussian vector beam .
0710.2276	physics.optics	Optical coupling of fundamental whispering gallery modes in bi-spheres	What will happen if two identical microspheres , with fundamental whispering gallery modes excited in each of them , become optically coupled ? Conventional wisdom based on coupled-mode arguments says that two new modes , bonding and anti-bonding , with two split frequencies would be formed . In this paper we demonstrate , using exact multi-sphere Mie theory , that in reality an attempt to couple two fundamental modes of microspheres would result in a complex multi-resonance optical response with the field distribution significantly deviating from predictions of coupled-mode type theories .
0710.2299	physics.hist-ph	On Boltzmann 's genius and thermodynamics	A recent essay [ 1 ] reminds us of how richly Boltzmann deserves to be admiringly commemorated for the originality of his ideas on the occasion of his 150th birthday . Without any doubt , the scientific community owes Boltzmann a great debt of gratitude for his ingenious and pathfinding contributions . However , the essay chooses to illustrate this important memorial by statements and inferences that perhaps are questionable today even to Boltzmann himself . I will comment only on three issues .
0710.2321	physics.class-ph cond-mat.soft	Acoustic Probing of the Jamming Transition in an Unconsolidated Granular Medium	Experiments with acoustic waves guided along the mechanically free surface of an unconsolidated granular packed structure provide information on the elasticity of granular media at very low pressures that are naturally controlled by the gravitational acceleration and the depth beneath the surface . Comparison of the determined dispersion relations for guided surface acoustic modes with a theoretical model reveals the dependencies of the elastic moduli of the granular medium on pressure . The experiments confirm recent theoretical predictions that relaxation of the disordered granular packing through non-affine motion leads to a peculiar scaling of shear rigidity with pressure near the jamming transition corresponding to zero pressure . Unexpectedly , and in disagreement with the most of the available theories , the bulk modulus depends on pressure in a very similar way to the shear modulus .
0710.2334	physics.chem-ph physics.comp-ph	Off-center impurity in alkali halides : reorientation , electric polarization and pairing to F center . III . Numerical calculations	We carried out numerical calculations by an extended-Hueckel program in order to check the analytical results reported in the preceding Part I and Part II . We typically consider alkali halide clusters composed of some tens of constituent atoms to calculate electronic energies under static conditions or versus the displacements of particular atoms . Among other things , the off-center displacement of substitutional Li+ impurity in most alkali halides is evidenced . The trigonometric profile of the rotational barriers is also confirmed for KCl .
0710.2339	physics.atom-ph physics.plasm-ph	Recombination of H3+ Ions in the Afterglow of a He-Ar-H2 Plasma	Recombination of H3+ with electrons was studied in a low temperature plasma in helium . The plasma recombination rate is driven by two body , H3+ + e , and three-body , H3+ + e + He , processes with the rate coefficients 7.5x10^ { -8 } cm3/s and 2.8x10^ { -25 } cm6/s correspondingly at 260K . The two-body rate coefficient is in excellent agreement with results from storage ring experiments and theoretical calculations . We suggest that the three-body recombination involves formation of highly excited Rydberg neutral H3 followed by an l- or m- changing collision with He . Plasma electron spectroscopy indicates the presence of H3 .
0710.2355	physics.flu-dyn physics.gen-ph	Parametric internal waves in a compressible fluid	We describe the effect of vibration on a confined volume of fluid which is density stratified due to its compressibility . We show that internal gravity-acoustic waves can be parametrically destabilized by the vibration . The resulting instability is similar to the classic Faraday instability of surface waves , albeit modified by the compressible nature of the fluid . It may be possible to observe experimentally near a gas-liquid critical point .
0710.2362	physics.bio-ph	Application of multifractal wavelet analysis to spontaneous fermentation processes	An algorithm is presented here to get more detailed information , of mixed culture type , based exclusively on the biomass concentration data for fermentation processes . The analysis is performed with only the on-line measurements of the redox potential being available . It is a two-step procedure which includes an Artificial Neural Network ( ANN ) that relates the redox potential to the biomass concentrations in the first step . Next , a multifractal wavelet analysis is performed using the biomass estimates of the process . In this context , our results show that the redox potential is a valuable indicator of microorganism metabolic activity during the spontaneous fermentation . In this paper , the detailed design of the multifractal wavelet analysis is presented , as well as its direct experimental application at the laboratory level
0710.2365	physics.chem-ph physics.atom-ph	Detection of nuclear magnetic resonance with an anisotropic magnetoresistive sensor	We report detection of nuclear magnetic resonance ( NMR ) using an anisotropic magnetoresistive ( AMR ) sensor . A `` remote-detection '' arrangement was used , in which protons in flowing water were pre-polarized in the field of a superconducting NMR magnet , adiabatically inverted , and subsequently detected with an AMR sensor situated downstream from the magnet and the adiabatic inverter . AMR sensing is well suited for NMR detection in microfluidic `` lab-on-a-chip '' applications .
0710.2373	physics.ins-det	A Silicon-Tungsten ECal with Integrated Electronics	We summarize recent R & D progress for a silicon-tungsten electromagnetic calorimeter ( ECal ) with integrated electronics , designed to meet the ILC physics requirements .
