0705.2482	physics.optics	Lasing from single , stationary , dye-doped glycerol/water microdroplets located on a superhydrophobic surface	We report laser emission from single , stationary , Rhodamine B-doped glycerol/water microdroplets located on a superhydrophobic surface . In the experiments , a pulsed , frequency-doubled Nd : YAG laser operating at 532 nm was used as the excitation source . The microdroplets ranged in diameter from a few to 20 um . Lasing was achieved in the red-shifted portion of the dye emission spectrum with threshold fluences as low as 750 J/cm2 . Photobleaching was observed when the microdroplets were pumped above threshold . In certain cases , multimode lasing was also observed and attributed to the simultaneous lasing of two modes belonging to different sets of whispering gallery modes .
0705.2488	physics.flu-dyn math-ph math.MP	On dynamics of velocity vector potential in incompressible fluids	An elegant quaternionic formulation is given for the Lagrangian advection equation for velocity vector potential in fluid dynamics . At first we study the topological significance of a restricted conserved quantity viz. , stream-helicity and later more realistic configuration of open streamlines is figured out . Also , using Clebsch parameterisation of the velocity vector potential yet another physical significance for the stream-helicity is provided . Finally we give a Nambu-Poisson formalism of the Lagrangian advection equation for velocity vector potential .
0705.2497	physics.soc-ph	Spatial Characteristics of Joint Application Networks in Japanese Patents	Technological innovation has extensively been studied to make firms sustainable and more competitive . Within this context , the most important recent issue has been the dynamics of collaborative innovation among firms . We therefore investigated a patent network , especially focusing on its spatial characteristics . The results can be summarized as follows . ( 1 ) The degree distribution in a patent network follows a power law . A firm can then be connected to many firms via hubs connected to the firm . ( 2 ) The neighbors' average degree has a null correlation , but the clustering coefficient has a negative correlation . The latter means that there is a hierarchical structure and bridging different modules may shorten the paths between the nodes in them . ( 3 ) The distance of links not only indicates the regional accumulations of firms , but the importance of time it takes to travel , which plays a key role in creating links . ( 4 ) The ratio of internal links in cities indicates that we have to consider the existing links firms have to facilitate the creation of new links .
0705.2508	physics.atom-ph	Theorie des longitudinalen Atomstrahl-Spinechos und paritaetsverletzende Berry-Phasen in Atomen	We present a nonrelativistic theory for the quantum mechanical description of longitudinal atomic beam spin echo experiments , where a beam of neutral atoms is subjected to static electric and magnetic fields . The atomic wave function is the solution of a matrix-valued Schroedinger equation and can be written as superposition of local ( atomic ) eigenstates of the potential matrix . The position- and time-dependent amplitude function of each eigenstate represents an atomic wave packet and can be calculated in a series expansion with a master formula that we derive . The zeroth order of this series expansion describes the adiabatic limit , whereas the higher order contributions contain the mixing of the eigenstates and the corresponding amplitude functions . We give a tutorial for the theoretical description of longitudinal atomic beam spin echo experiments and for the so-called Fahrplan model , which is a visualisation tool for the propagation of wave packets of different atomic eigenstates . As an example for the application of our theory , we study parity violating geometric ( Berry- ) phases . In this context , we define geometric flux densities , which for certain field configurations can be used to illustrate geometric phases in a vector diagram . Considering an example with a specific field configuration , we prove the existence of a parity violating geometric phase .
0705.2517	physics.ao-ph	Midlatitude Cirrus Clouds and Multiple Tropopauses from a 2002-2006 Climatology over the SIRTA Observatory	This study present a comparison of lidar observations of midlatitude cirrus clouds over the SIRTA observatory between 2002 and 2006 with multiple tropopauses ( MT ) retrieved from radiosounding temperature profiles . The temporal variability of MT properties ( frequency , thickness ) are discussed . Results show a marked annual cycle , with MT frequency reaching its lowest point in May ( ~18 % occurrence of MT ) and slowly rising to more than 40 % in DJF . The average thickness of the MT also follows an annual cycle , going from less than 1 km in spring to 1.5 km in late autumn . Comparison with lidar observations show that cirrus clouds show a preference for being located close below the 1st tropopause . When the cloud top is above the 1st tropopause ( 7 % of observations ) , in 20 % of cases the cloud base is above it as well , resulting in a cirrus cloud `` sandwiched '' between the two tropopauses . Compared to the general distribution of cirrus , cross-tropopause cirrus show a higher frequency of large optical depths , while inter-tropopause cirrus show almost exclusively low optical depths ( Tau < 0.03 in 90 % of cases ) typical of subvisible clouds . Results suggest the occurrence of inter-tropopause cirrus clouds is correlated with the frequency of multiple tropopauses .
0705.2523	physics.bio-ph	Applications of nanoparticles of gamma Fe2O3 for hyperthermia in E.coli by Nd : YAG laser	The paper explores the use of nanoparticles of gamma Fe2O3 for hyperthermia treatment of living organisms by absorption of 1064 nm radiations from Nd : YAG laser . Escherichia coli cells have been used as the model system for demonstrating the effect wherein lysine is used as an interface between the cell walls and the nanoparticles . Scanning Electron Microscopic observations have , exclusively , proved that attachment of nanoparticles of iron oxide along with lysine alone is responsible for absorption of above radiations . The quantitative estimation has been provided by growth rate measurements and protein assessment of the cells . The nanoparticles of gamma Fe2O3 were synthesized by DC arc plasma assisted gas phase condensation .
0705.2529	physics.optics	Surface waves on metal-dielectric boundaries on the frequency of $ \omega_ { pl } $	Surface optical plasmons on metal-dielectric boundaries of various shapes are studied . The study features by the exploration of plasmons of the frequency that is larger than $ \omega_ { pl } /\sqrt { 2 } $ and approximately equal to $ \omega _ { pl } $ . These plasmons exist on thin films , thin cylinders , and on spheres . Such a plasmon does not exist on a single surface . For applications the use of plasmons of the ~ $ \omega_ { pl } $ frequency means the promotion of nanophotonics devices into a short wavelength range . For Ag this means the promotion to the wavelength of 140 nm .
0705.2558	physics.gen-ph	Invariance Mechanics - A new direction for quantum gravity	This paper has been withdrawn by the author .
0705.2560	physics.soc-ph	Anomalous lifetime distributions and topological traps in ordering dynamics	We address the role of community structure of an interaction network in ordering dynamics , as well as associated forms of metastability . We consider the voter and AB model dynamics in a network model which mimics social interactions . The AB model includes an intermediate state between the two excluding options of the voter model . For the voter model we find dynamical metastable disordered states with a characteristic mean lifetime . However , for the AB dynamics we find a power law distribution of the lifetime of metastable states , so that the mean lifetime is not representative of the dynamics . These trapped metastable states , which can order at all time scales , originate in the mesoscopic network structure .
0705.2568	physics.gen-ph	Reexamining the Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen experiment , photon correlation and Bell 's inequality	The purpose of this article is to show that the introduction of hidden variables to describe individual events is fully consistent with the statistical predictions of quantum theory . We illustrate the validity of this assertion by discussing two fundamental experiments on correlated photons which are believed to behave `` violently non-classical '' . Our considerations carry over to correlated pairs of neutral particles of spin one-half in a singlet state . Much in the spirit of Einstein 's conviction we come to the conclusion that the state vector of a system does not provide an exhaustive description of the individual physical system . We also briefly discuss an experiment on `` quantum teleportation '' and demonstrate that our completely local approach leads to a full understanding of the experiment indicating the absence of any teleportation phenomenon . We caution that the indiscriminated use of the term `` Quantum Theory '' tends to obscure distinct differences between the quantum mechanics of massive particles and the propagation of photons . It is emphasized that the properties of polarizers , beam splitters , halfwave plates etc . used in photon-correlation experiments are defined by the laws of classical optics . Hence , understanding the outcome of those experiments requires a well-founded interconnection between classical and quantum electrodynamics free from unnecessary hypotheses .
0705.2572	physics.gen-ph	Supersymmetric Yang Mills Fields and Black Holes ; In Ten Dimensional Unified Field Theory	The Ten dimensional Unified field theory has a 4 dimensional Riemannian spacetime and six dimensional Calabi Yau space structure . The supersymmetric Yang Mills fields and black holes are solutions in these theories . The formation of primordial black holes in early universe , the collapse to singularity of stellar black holes , the Hawking evaporation of microscopic black holes in LHC are topics of observational and theoretical interest . The observation of gamma ray bursts and creation of spectrum of particles and radiation of dark and normal matter occur due to primordial and microscopic black holes . The approach to singularity in black hole interior solutions , require the Bogoliubov transforms of SUSY YM fields in black hole geometries ; both during formation and in evaporation . The Hawking effect of radiating black holes is applicable for all the fields . Invariants can be defined to give the conditions for these processes .
0705.2581	physics.gen-ph	Un Resultat Gravimetrique pour la Renaissance de la Theorie Corpusculaire `` An Experimental Gravimetric Result for the Revival of Corpuscular Theory ''	The gravitational phenomenon , founded on the assumption of absorption of a flux of gravitons through the matter , led to a law of attraction comprising a term of attenuation of gravity . The attenuation effect , which depends on the distribution of mass elements into the Sun , was compared with the relativistic effect for the orbital elements of planets . The calculations carried out with our modified law of Newton , lead to a perfect agreement for the advance of the perihelion of planets , and give an interaction cross section with the matter of 3.2x10^-17 m2/kg ( approximately 10^-40 cm2/nucleon ) . The effect of attenuation during a solar eclipse will produce a local reduction in the soli-lunar attraction of 0.13 microgal . This small variation of gravity during the eclipse can lead to distortions of the geoid of about ten millimetres of which effect on gravity , estimated at a few microgals , is compatible with the observed gravitational anomalies . The gravimetric measurements taken in the area of Montreal during the Sun eclipse of May 10 , 1994 , show the existence of an anomaly of 2.4 microgals that coincides perfectly with the period of the eclipse .
0705.2585	physics.gen-ph	General Relativity Constraints the Proper Times and Predicts the Frozen Stars Instead of the Black Holes	In a static gravitational field an intersection of a worldline by a global hypersurface of simultaneity t=const gives an invariant constraint relating the proper time of this event by t. Since at any finite t the such constrained proper time intervals are less than reqiured for crossing a horizon , general relativity predicts the gravitational freezing of proper times in stars with time-like or null geodesics everywhere . The time dilation stabilizes contracting massive stars by freezing , which is maximal but finite at the centre , and the surface is frozen near the gravitational radius . The frozen stars ( frozars ) slowly defrost due to emissions and external interactions , the internal phase transitions can initiate refreezing with bursts and explosions .
0705.2614	physics.gen-ph	Brain Prostheses as a Dynamic System ( Immortalizing the Human Brain ? )	Interest in development of brain prostheses , which might be proposed to recover mental functions lost due to neuron-degenerative disease or trauma , requires new methods in molecular engineering and nanotechnology to build artificial brain tissues . We develop a Dynamic Core model to analyze complexity of damaged biological neural network as well as transition and recovery of the system functionality due to changes in the system environment . We provide a method to model complexity of physical systems which might be proposed as an artificial tissue or prosthesis . Delocalization of Dynamic Core model is developed to analyze migration of mental functions in dynamic bio-systems which undergo architecture transition induced by trauma . Term Dynamic Core is used to define a set of causally related functions and Delocalization is used to describe the process of migration . Information geometry and topological formalisms are proposed to analyze information processes . A holographic model is proposed to construct dynamic environment with self-poetic Dynamic Core which preserve functional properties under transition from one host to another . We found statistical constraints for complex systems which conserve a Dynamic Core under environment transition . Also we suggest those constraints might provide recommendations for nanotechnologies and tissue engineering used in development of an artificial brain tissue .
