0708.2132	physics.atm-clus	Classical Trajectory Perspective on Double Ionization Dynamics of Diatomic Molecules Irradiated by Ultrashort Intense Laser Pulses	In the present paper , we develop a semiclassical quasi-static model accounting for molecular double ionization in an intense laser pulse . With this model , we achieve insight into the dynamics of two highly-correlated valence electrons under the combined influence of a two-center Coulomb potential and an intense laser field , and reveal the significant influence of molecular alignment on the ratio of double over single ion yield . Analysis on the classical trajectories unveils sub-cycle dynamics of the molecular double ionization . Many interesting features , such as the accumulation of emitted electrons in the first and third quadrants of parallel momentum plane , the regular pattern of correlated momentum with respect to the time delay between closest collision and ionization moment , are revealed and successfully explained by back analyzing the classical trajectories . Quantitative agreement with experimental data over a wide range of laser intensities from tunneling to over-the-barrier regime is presented .
0708.2171	physics.plasm-ph physics.acc-ph	Control of laser wake field acceleration by plasma density profile	We show that both the maximum energy gain and the accelerated beam quality can be efficiently controlled by the plasma density profile . Choosing a proper density gradient one can uplift the dephasing limitation . When a periodic wake field is exploited , the phase synchronism between the bunch of relativistic particles and the plasma wave can be maintained over extended distances due to the plasma density gradient . Putting electrons into the $ n- $ th wake period behind the driving laser pulse , the maximum energy gain is increased by the factor $ 2\pi n $ over that in the case of uniform plasma . The acceleration is limited then by laser depletion rather than by dephasing . Further , we show that the natural energy spread of the particle bunch acquired at the acceleration stage can be effectively removed by a matched deceleration stage , where a larger plasma density is used .
0708.2174	physics.class-ph	A geometric analysis of the Maxwell field in a vicinity of a multipole particle and new special functions	A method of solving Maxwell equations in a vicinity of a multipole particle ( moving along an arbitrary trajectory ) is proposed . The method is based on a geometric construction of a trajectory-adapted coordinate system , which simplifies considerably the equations . The solution is given in terms of a series , where a new family of special functions arises in a natural way . Singular behaviour of the field near to the particle may be analyzed this way up to an arbitrary order . Application to the self-interaction problems in classical electrodynamics is discussed .
0708.2176	physics.soc-ph	Link-space formalism for network analysis	We introduce the link-space formalism for analyzing network models with degree-degree correlations . The formalism is based on a statistical description of the fraction of links l_ { i , j } connecting nodes of degrees i and j . To demonstrate its use , we apply the framework to some pedagogical network models , namely , random-attachment , Barabasi-Albert preferential attachment and the classical Erdos and Renyi random graph . For these three models the link-space matrix can be solved analytically . We apply the formalism to a simple one-parameter growing network model whose numerical solution exemplifies the effect of degree-degree correlations for the resulting degree distribution . We also employ the formalism to derive the degree distributions of two very simple network decay models , more specifically , that of random link deletion and random node deletion . The formalism allows detailed analysis of the correlations within networks and we also employ it to derive the form of a perfectly non-assortative network for arbitrary degree distribution .
0708.2203	physics.geo-ph physics.soc-ph	Earthquake Networks , Complex	An article for the Springer Encyclopedia of Complexity and System Science
