0709.3147	physics.comp-ph physics.ins-det	A Handy Tool for History Keeping of Geant4 Tracks and its Application to Studies of Fundamental Limits on PFA Performance	It is widely recognized that good jet energy resolution is one of the most important requirements to the detectors for the future linear $ e^+e^- $ collider experiments . The Particle Flow Analysis ( PFA ) is currently under intense studies as the most promising way to achieving the best attainable resolution . In order to clarify the fundamental limits on the jet energy resolution with the PFA , we have developed a set of C++ classes that facilitates history keeping of particle tracks within the framework of Geant4 . In this paper this software tool is described and applied to a generic detector model so as to identify fundamental limiting factors to the PFA performance .
0709.3160	physics.class-ph	An Efficient and Simple Analytical Model for Analysis of Propagation Properties in Impedance Waveguides	In this paper propagation properties of a parallel-plate waveguide with tunable artificial impedance surfaces as sidewalls are studied both analytically and numerically . The impedance surfaces comprise an array of patches over a dielectric slab with embedded metallic vias . The tunability of surfaces is achieved with varactors . Simple design equations for tunable artificial impedance surfaces as well as dispersion equations for the TE and TM modes are presented . The propagation properties are studied in three different regimes : a multi-mode waveguide , a single-mode waveguide , and below-cutoff waveguide . The analytical results are verified with numerical simulations .
0709.3183	physics.comp-ph	A fast simulator for polycrystalline processes with application to phase change alloys	We present a stochastic simulator for polycrystalline phase-change materials capable of spatio-temporal modelling of complex anneals . This is based on consideration of bulk and surface energies to generate rates of growth and decay of crystallites built up of `monomers ' that themselves may be quite complex molecules . We perform a number of simulations of this model using a Gillespie algorithm . The simulations are performed at molecular scale and using an approximation of local free energy changes that depend only on immediate neighbours . The sites are on a lattice that neither correspond to the crystal lattice nor to individual monomers , but instead gives information about a two-state local phase $ r $ ( where $ r=0 $ corresponds to amorphous and 1 corresponds to crystalline ) and a continuous crystal orientation $ \phi $ at each site . As an example we use this to model crystallisation in chalcogenide GST ( $ GeSbTe $ ) alloys used for example in phase-change memory devices , where reversible changes between amorphous and crystalline regimes are used to store and process information . We use our model to simulate anneals of GST including ones with non-trivial spatial and temporal variation of temperature ; this gives good agreement to experimental incubation times at low temperatures while modelling non-trivial crystal size distributions and melting dynamics at higher temperatures .
0709.3187	physics.optics physics.comp-ph	Self-Compression and Controllable Guidance of Multi-Millijoule Femtosecond Laser Pulses	Self-compression of multi-millijoule femtosecond laser pulses and dramatic increase of the peak intensity are found in pressurized helium and neon within a range of intensity in which the ionization modification of the material parameters by the pulse is negligible . The pulse propagation is studied by the ( 3+1 ) -dimensional nonlinear Schroedinger equation including basic lowest order optical processes -- diffraction , group velocity dispersion of second order , and Kerr nonlinearity of third order . Smooth and well controllable pulse propagation dynamics is found . Constructing of compressed pulse of controllable parameters at given space target point can be achieved by a proper chose of the pulse energy and/or gas pressure .
0709.3191	physics.hist-ph physics.gen-ph	Some epistemic questions of cosmology	We discuss a number of fundamental aspects of modern cosmological concepts , from the phenomenological , observational , theoretical and epistemic points of view . We argue that the modern cosmology , despite a great advent , in particular in the observational sector , is yet to solve important problems , posed already by the classical times . In particular the stress is put on discerning the scientific features of modern cosmological paradigms from the more speculative ones , with the latter immersed in some aspects deeply into mythological world picture . We finally discuss the principal paradigms , which are present in the modern cosmological studies and evaluate their epistemic merits . KEY WORDS : cosmology , epistemology , methodology , mythology , philosophy of science
0709.3203	physics.soc-ph	Modeling Metropolis Public Transport	We present results of a survey of public transport networks ( PTNs ) of selected 14 major cities of the world with PTN sizes ranging between 2000 and 46000 stations and develop an evolutionary model of these networks . The structure of these PTNs is revealed in terms of a set of neighbourhood relations both for the routes and the stations . The networks defined in this way display distinguishing properties due to the constraints of the embedding 2D geographical space and the structure of the cities . In addition to the standard characteristics of complex networks like the number of nearest neighbours , mean path length , and clustering we observe features specific to PTNs . While other networks with real-world links like cables or neurons embedded in two or three dimensions often show similar behavior , these can be studied in detail in our present case . Geographical data for the routes reveal surprising self-avoiding walk properties that we relate to the optimization of surface coverage . We propose and simulate an evolutionary growth model based on effectively interacting self-avoiding walks that reproduces the key features of PTN .
0709.3206	physics.soc-ph	Attack Vulnerability of Public Transport Networks	The behavior of complex networks under attack depends strongly on the specific attack scenario . Of special interest are scale-free networks , which are usually seen as robust under random failure or attack but appear to be especially vulnerable to targeted attacks . In a recent study of public transport networks of 14 major cities of the world we have shown that these networks may exhibit scale-free behaviour [ Physica A 380 , 585 ( 2007 ) ] . Our further analysis , subject of this report , focuses on the effects that defunct or removed nodes have on the properties of public transport networks . Simulating different attack strategies we elaborate vulnerability criteria that allow to find minimal strategies with high impact on these systems .
0709.3212	physics.atom-ph physics.chem-ph	Electrostatic trapping of metastable NH molecules	We report on the Stark deceleration and electrostatic trapping of $ ^ { 14 } $ NH ( $ a ^1\Delta $ ) radicals . In the trap , the molecules are excited on the spin-forbidden $ A ^3\Pi \leftarrow a ^1\Delta $ transition and detected via their subsequent fluorescence to the $ X ^3\Sigma^- $ ground state . The 1/e trapping time is 1.4 $ \pm $ 0.1 s , from which a lower limit of 2.7 s for the radiative lifetime of the $ a ^1\Delta , v=0 , J=2 $ state is deduced . The spectral profile of the molecules in the trapping field is measured to probe their spatial distribution . Electrostatic trapping of metastable NH followed by optical pumping of the trapped molecules to the electronic ground state is an important step towards accumulation of these radicals in a magnetic trap .
0709.3226	physics.hist-ph	The interpretation of the Einstein-Rupp experiments and their influence on the history of quantum mechanics	The Einstein-Rupp experiments were proposed in 1926 by Albert Einstein to study the wave versus particle nature of light . Einstein presented a theoretical analysis of these experiments to the Berlin Academy together with results of Emil Rupp , who claimed to have successfully carried them out . However , as the preceding paper has claimed ( HSPS 37 Suppl . ( 2007 ) , 73-121 ) , Rupp 's success was the result of scientific fraud . This paper will argue , after exploring their interpretation , that the experiments were a relevant part of the background to such celebrated contributions to quantum mechanics as Born's statistical interpretation of the wave function and Heisenberg 's uncertainty principle . Yet , the Einstein-Rupp experiments have hardly received attention in the history of quantum mechanics literature . In part , this is a consequence of self-censorship in the physics community , enforced in the wake of the Rupp affair . Self-censorship among historians of physics may however also have played a role .
0709.3230	physics.flu-dyn	How does flow in a pipe become turbulent ?	The transition to turbulence in pipe flow does not follow the scenario familiar from Rayleigh-Benard or Taylor-Couette flow since the laminar profile is stable against infinitesimal perturbations for all Reynolds numbers . Moreover , even when the flow speed is high enough and the perturbation sufficiently strong such that turbulent flow is established , it can return to the laminar state without any indication of the imminent decay . In this parameter range , the lifetimes of perturbations show a sensitive dependence on initial conditions and an exponential distribution . The turbulence seems to be supported by three-dimensional travelling waves which appear transiently in the flow field . The boundary between laminar and turbulent dynamics is formed by the stable manifold of an invariant chaotic state . We will also discuss the relation between observations in short , periodically continued domains , and the dynamics in fully extended puffs .
0709.3248	physics.pop-ph physics.gen-ph	Fermion Number Fractionization	Solitons emerge as non-perturbative solutions of non-linear wave equations in classical and quantum theories . These are non-dispersive and localised packets of energy-remarkable properties for solutions of non-linear differential equations . In presence of such objects , the solutions of Dirac equation lead to the curious phenomenon of `` fractional fermion number '' , a number which under normal conditions takes strictly integral values . In this article , we describe this accidental discovery and its manifestation in polyacetylene chains , which has lead to the development of organic conductors .
0709.3264	physics.soc-ph	The influence of the time delay of information flow on an economy evolution . The stock market analysis	The decision process requires information about the present state of the system , but in economy acquiring data and processing them is an expensive and time consuming process . Therefore the state of the system is measured and announced at the end of the well defined time intervals . The model of a stock market coupled with an economy is investigated and the role of the length of the time delay of information flow investigated . It is shown that increasing the time delay leads to collective behavior of agents and oscillations of autocorrelations in absolute log-returns .
0709.3331	physics.comp-ph physics.plasm-ph	Parallel TREE code for two-component ultracold plasma analysis	The TREE method has been widely used for long-range interaction { \it N } -body problems . We have developed a parallel TREE code for two-component classical plasmas with open boundary conditions and highly non-uniform charge distributions . The program efficiently handles millions of particles evolved over long relaxation times requiring millions of time steps . Appropriate domain decomposition and dynamic data management were employed , and large-scale parallel processing was achieved using an intermediate level of granularity of domain decomposition and ghost TREE communication . Even though the computational load is not fully distributed in fine grains , high parallel efficiency was achieved for ultracold plasma systems of charged particles . As an application , we performed simulations of an ultracold neutral plasma with a half million particles and a half million time steps . For the long temporal trajectories of relaxation between heavy ions and light electrons , large configurations of ultracold plasmas can now be investigated , which was not possible in past studies .
0709.3333	physics.geo-ph	Viscosity of Earth 's Outer Core	A viscosity profile across the entire fluid outer core is found by interpolating between measured boundary values , using a differential form of the Arrhenius law governing pressure and temperature dependence . The discovery that both the retrograde and prograde free core nutations are in free decay ( Palmer and Smylie , 2005 ) allows direct measures of viscosity at the top of the outer core , while the reduction in the rotational splitting of the two equatorial translational modes of the inner core allows it to be measured at the bottom . We find 2,371 plus/minus 1,530 Pa.s at the top and 1.247 plus/minus 0.035 x 10^11 Pa.s at the bottom . Following Brazhkin ( 1998 ) and Brazhkin and Lyapin ( 2000 ) who get 10^2 Pa.s at the top , 10^11 Pa.s at the bottom , by an Arrhenius extrapolation of laboratory experiments , we use a differential form of the Arrhenius law to interpolate along the melting temperature curve to find a viscosity profile across the outer core . We find the variation to be closely log-linear between the measured boundary values . The close agreement of the boundary values of viscosity , found by Arrhenius extrapolation of laboratory experiments , with those found from the free core nutations , and the inner core translational modes , suggests that core flows are laminar and that the returned viscosities are measures of their molecular values . This would not be the case in the presence of the vigorous turbulent convection sometimes postulated by dynamo theorists . The local Ekman number is found to range from 10^-2 at the bottom of the outer core to 10^-10 at the top . Except in the very lower part of the outer core , Ekman numbers are in the range 10^-4 to 10^-5 , or below , in which the laminar flows of numerical dynamos and laboratory rotating fluids experiments occur .
