0704.1381	physics.chem-ph physics.atm-clus physics.gen-ph	Mpemba effect and phase transitions in the adiabatic cooling of water before freezing	An accurate experimental investigation on the Mpemba effect ( that is , the freezing of initially hot water before cold one ) is carried out , showing that in the adiabatic cooling of water a relevant role is played by supercooling as well as by phase transitions taking place at 6 +/- 1 oC , 3.5 +/- 0.5 oC and 1.3 +/- 0.6 oC , respectively . The last transition , occurring with a non negligible probability of 0.21 , has not been detected earlier . Supported by the experimental results achieved , a thorough theoretical analysis of supercooling and such phase transitions , which are interpreted in terms of different ordering of clusters of molecules in water , is given .
0704.1423	physics.atom-ph	Momentum distributions in time-dependent density functional theory : Product phase approximation for non-sequential double ionization in strong laser fields	We investigate the possibility to deduce momentum space properties from time-dependent density functional calculations . Electron and ion momentum distributions after double ionization of a model Helium atom in a strong few-cycle laser pulse are studied . We show that , in this case , the choice of suitable functionals for the observables is considerably more important than the choice of the correlation potential in the time-dependent Kohn-Sham equations . By comparison with the solution of the time-dependent Schroedinger equation , the insufficiency of functionals neglecting electron correlation is demonstrated . We construct a functional of the Kohn-Sham orbitals , which in principle yields the exact momentum distributions of the electrons and the ion . The product-phase approximation is introduced , which reduces the problem of approximating this functional significantly .
0704.1504	physics.geo-ph physics.flu-dyn	The Formation of Lake Stars	Star patterns , reminiscent of a wide range of diffusively controlled growth forms from snowflakes to Saffman-Taylor fingers , are ubiquitous features of ice covered lakes . Despite the commonality and beauty of these `` lake stars '' the underlying physical processes that produce them have not been explained in a coherent theoretical framework . Here we describe a simple mathematical model that captures the principal features of lake-star formation ; radial fingers of ( relatively warm ) water-rich regions grow from a central source and evolve through a competition between thermal and porous media flow effects in a saturated snow layer covering the lake . The number of star arms emerges from a stability analysis of this competition and the qualitative features of this meter-scale natural phenomena are captured in laboratory experiments .
0704.1513	physics.optics	Compensation of loss in propagating surface plasmon polariton by gain in adjacent dielectric medium	We report the suppression of loss of surface plasmon polariton propagating at the interface between silver film and optically pumped polymer with dye . Large magnitude of the effect enables a variety of applications of `` active '' nanoplasmonics . The experimental study is accompanied by the development of the analytical description of the phenomenon and the solution of the controversy regarding the direction of the wavevector of a wave with a strong evanescent component in an active medium .
0704.1517	physics.gen-ph	The Limits of Special Relativity	The Special Theory of Relativity and the Theory of the Electron have had an interesting history together . Originally the electron was studied in a non relativistic context and this opened up the interesting possibility that lead to the conclusion that the mass of the electron could be thought of entirely in electromagnetic terms without introducing inertial considerations . However the application of Special Relativity lead to several problems , both for an extended electron and the point electron . These inconsistencies have , contrary to popular belief not been resolved satisfactorily today , even within the context of Quantum Theory . Nevertheless these and subsequent studies bring out the interesting result that Special Relativity breaks down within the Compton scale or when the Compton scale is not neglected . This again runs contrary to an uncritical notion that Special Relativity is valid for point particles .
