0711.1015	physics.flu-dyn	Comment on Effects of transverse magnetic field on mixed convection in wall plume of power-law fluids , by Gorla , Lee , Nakamura and Pop , IJES , 1993	Comment on Effects of transverse magnetic field on mixed convection in wall plume of power-law fluids , by Rama Subba Reddy Gorla , Jin Kook Lee , Shoichiro Nakamura and Ioan Pop [ International Journal of Engineering Science , 31 ( 1993 ) 1035-1045 ] . In the above paper the authors treat the boundary layer mixed convection flow of a power-law fluid along a vertical adiabatic surface in a transverse magnetic field with a steady thermal source at the leading edge . The governing non-similar equations are solved by means of a novel finite difference scheme . However , there are two fundamental errors in this paper and the presented results do not have any practical value .
0711.1028	physics.space-ph	Structure on Interplanetary Shock Fronts : Type II Radio Burst Source Regions	We present \emph { in situ } observations of the source regions of interplanetary ( IP ) type II radio bursts , using data from the Wind spacecraft during the period 1996-2002 . We show the results of this survey as well as in-depth analysis of several individual events . Each event analyzed in detail is associated with an interplanetary coronal mass ejection ( ICME ) and an IP shock driven by the ICME . Immediately prior to the arrival of each shock , electron beams along the interplanetary magnetic field ( IMF ) and associated Langmuir waves are detected , implying magnetic connection to a quasiperpendicular shock front acceleration site . These observations are analogous to those made in the terrestrial foreshock region , indicating that a similar foreshock region exists on IP shock fronts . The analogy suggests that the electron acceleration process is a fast Fermi process , and this suggestion is borne out by loss cone features in the electron distribution functions . The presence of a foreshock region requires nonplanar structure on the shock front . Using Wind burst mode data , the foreshock electrons are analyzed to estimate the dimensions of the curved region . We present the first measurement of the lateral , shock-parallel scale size of IP foreshock regions . The presence of these regions on IP shock fronts can explain the fine structure often seen in the spectra of type II bursts .
0711.1042	physics.optics	Efficient light coupling from integrated single-mode waveguides to supercollimating photonic crystals on silicon-on-insulator platforms	We propose a practical and efficient solution for the coupling of light from integrated single-mode waveguides to supercollimating planar photonic crystals on conventional silicon-on-insulator platforms . The device consists of a rib waveguide , designed to sustain spatially extended single-modes and matched to a supercollimating photonic crystal , which has been truncated at its boundary to improve impedance matching between the two photonic components . Three-dimensional simulations show transmission efficiencies up to 96 % and reflections below 0.2 % at wavelengths close to 1.55 microns . This approach constitutes a significant step toward the integration of supercollimating structures on photonic chips .
0711.1047	physics.atom-ph	Core polarization in coupled-cluster theory induced by a parity and time-reversal violating interaction	The effects of parity and time reversal violating potential , in particular the tensor-pseudotensor electron nucleus interaction are studied . We establish that selected terms representing the interplay of these effects and the residual Coulomb interaction in the coupled-cluster method are equivalent to the coupled perturbed Hartree-Fock . We have shown that the { \em normal } CPHF diagrams have a one-one correspondance in the coupled-cluster theory , but the CPHF pseudo diagrams are present in a subtle way . We have studied the { \em pseudo } diagrams in great detail and have shown explicitly their origin in coupled-cluster theory . This is demonstrated by considering the case of the permanent electric dipole moment of atomic Hg and our results are compared with the results of an earlier calculation .
0711.1071	physics.atom-ph	Double-Resonance g Factor Measurements by Quantum Jump Spectroscopy	With the advent of high-precision frequency combs that can bridge large frequency intervals , new possibilities have opened up for the laser spectroscopy of atomic transitions . Here , we show that laser spectroscopic techniques can also be used to determine the ground-state g factor of a bound electron : Our proposal is based on a double-resonance experiment , where the spin state of a ground-state electron is constantly being read out by laser excitation to the atomic L shell , while the spin flip transitions are being induced simultaneously by a resonant microwave field , leading to a detection of the quantum jumps between the ground-state Zeeman sublevels . The magnetic moments of electrons in light hydrogen-like ions could thus be measured with advanced laser technology . Corresponding theoretical predictions are also presented .
0711.1081	physics.class-ph	Short-time dynamics of a packing of polyhedral grains under horizontal vibrations	We analyze the dynamics of a 3D granular packing composed of particles of irregular polyhedral shape confined inside a rectangular box with a retaining wall sub jected to horizontal harmonic forcing . The simulations are performed by means of the contact dynamics method for a broad set of loading parameters . We explore the vibrational dynamics of the packing , the evolution of solid fraction and the scaling of dy- namics with the loading parameters . We show that the motion of the retaining wall is strongly anharmonic as a result of jamming and grain rearrangements . It is found that the mean particle displacement scales with inverse square of frequency , the inverse of the force amplitude and the square of gravity . The short- time compaction rate grows in proportion to frequency up to a characteristic frequency , corresponding to collective particle rearrangements between equilibrium states , and then it declines in inverse proportion to frequency .
0711.1102	physics.ed-ph physics.pop-ph	Approche p\'edagogique sur l'innocuit\'e des technologies de r\'eseaux sans fil	The wireless networks technologies are becoming more prevalent . As part of our courses , we have to deal with the technical aspects of these technologies . However , the experience of mobile telephony has shown fears that these products can lead to the general public . The latter comes from the use of electromagnetic waves at frequencies close to the frequencies of microwaves oven ( 2.45 GHz ) . Studies are under way for years in order to identify the possible effects on the body related to prolonged use of mobile phones . Wireless networks like WiFi or ZigBee for example works with microwave frequencies . On the other hand , problems relating to electromagnetic compatibility waves with the electronic devices must also be studied . The question of the safety of these technologies must be addressed with the students . They will may need to install such equipment . We have integrated the teaching of wireless networks in a chapter dealing with current standards of exposure to electromagnetic waves for living beings and the electronic devices . The aim of our approach is the obtention of knowledges by the student . so he will be able to form an opinion and to provide a speech enlightened to future users of these networks . To this end , we have developed a visualization tool for the distribution of electromagnetic fields . This tool being used will help you understand the electromagnetic environment in which we live and quantify the values of electromagnetic fields ( telephony , television , radio , WiFi , Bluetooth , ZigBee , microwave oven , etc . ) .
0711.1122	physics.optics physics.gen-ph	A Novel Design of Dielectric Perfect Invisibility Devices	The aim of an invisibility device is to guide light around any object put inside , being able to hide objects from sight . In this work , we propose a novel design of dielectric invisibility media based on negative refraction and optical conformal mapping that seems to create perfect invisibility . This design has some advantages and more relaxed constraints compared with already proposed schemes . In particular , it represents an example where the time delay in a dielectric invisibility device is zero . Furthermore , due to impedance matching of negatively refracting materials , the reflection should be close to zero . These findings strongly indicate that perfect invisibility with optically isotropic materials is possible . Finally , the area of the invisible space is also discussed .
0711.1128	physics.soc-ph cond-mat.dis-nn physics.comp-ph	Inversion method for content-based networks	In this paper , we generalize a recently introduced Expectation Maximization ( EM ) method for graphs and apply it to content-based networks . The EM method provides a classification of the nodes of a graph , and allows to infer relations between the different classes . Content-based networks are ideal models for graphs displaying any kind of community or/and multipartite structure . We show both numerically and analytically that the generalized EM method is able to recover the process that led to the generation of such networks . We also investigate the conditions under which our generalized EM method can recover the underlying contents-based structure in the presence of randomness in the connections . Two entropies , Sq and Sc , are defined to measure the quality of the node classification and to what extent the connectivity of a given network is content-based . Sq and Sc are also useful in determining the number of classes for which the classification is optimal .
0711.1145	physics.gen-ph	A critique of general relativity	General relativity 's successes and limitations are compared to those of special relativity .
0711.1184	physics.atom-ph hep-ph nucl-th	Muonic atoms with extreme nuclear charge	Bound muons ( also pions , kaons , etc ) increase the fission barrier and produce some stabilizing effects for highly charged nuclei . If the binding energy of the muon exceeds $ mc^2 $ , it becomes stable . The $ 1s $ state of a muon inside an exotic nucleus with atomic number $ A= 5Z/2 $ and such large charge $ Z $ that the $ 1s $ energy $ E $ is in the range $ 0\le E < -mc^2 $ is considered .
0711.1199	physics.soc-ph	Continuous Opinions and Discrete Actions in Opinion Dynamics Problems	A model where agents show discrete behavior regarding their actions , but have continuous opinions that are updated by interacting with other agents is presented . This new updating rule is applied to both the voter and Sznajd models for interaction between neighbors and its consequences are discussed . The appearance of extremists is naturally observed and it seems to be a characteristic of this model .
