0711.0450	physics.gen-ph physics.space-ph	A few remarks about the Pioneer anomaly	Some features of the Pioneer anomaly are discussed in context of author's explanation of this effect as a deceleration of the probes in the graviton background . It is noted that if the model is true then the best parameter of the anomalous acceleration should be not the distance to the Sun but a cosine of the angle between a velocity of the probe and its radius-vector .
0711.0507	physics.optics math-ph math.MP	A rigorous analysis of high order electromagnetic invisibility cloaks	There is currently a great deal of interest in the invisibility cloaks recently proposed by Pendry et al . that are based in the transformation approach . They obtained their results using first order transformations . In recent papers Hendi et al . and Cai et al . considered invisibility cloaks with high order transformations . In this paper we study high order electromagnetic invisibility cloaks in transformation media obtained by high order transformations from general anisotropic media . We consider the case where there is a finite number of spherical cloaks located in different points in space . We prove that for any incident plane wave , at any frequency , the scattered wave is identically zero . We also consider the scattering of finite energy wave packets . We prove that the scattering matrix is the identity , i.e. , that for any incoming wave packet the outgoing wave packet is the same as the incoming one . This proves that the invisibility cloaks can not be detected in any scattering experiment with electromagnetic waves in high order transformation media , and in particular in the first order transformation media of Pendry et al . We also prove that the high order invisibility cloaks , as well as the first order ones , cloak passive and active devices . The cloaked objects completely decouple from the exterior . Actually , the cloaking outside is independent of what is inside the cloaked objects . The electromagnetic waves inside the cloaked objects can not leave the concealed regions and viceversa , the electromagnetic waves outside the cloaked objects can not go inside the concealed regions . As we prove our results for media that are obtained by transformation from general anisotropic materials , we prove that it is possible to cloak objects inside general crystals .
0711.0530	physics.data-an physics.comp-ph	Synchronization on complex networks with different sorts of communities	In this paper , inspired by the idea that many real networks are composed by different sorts of communities , we investigate the synchronization property of oscillators on such networks . We identify the communities by the intrinsic frequencies probability density $ g ( \omega ) $ of Kuramoto oscillators . That is to say , communities in different sorts are functional different . For a network containing two sorts of communities , when the community strength is strong , only the oscillators in the same community synchronize . With the weakening of the community strength , an interesting phenomenon , \emph { Community Grouping } , appears : although the global synchronization is not achieved , oscillators in the same sort of communities will synchronize . Global synchronization will appear with the further reducing of the community strength , and the oscillators will rotate around the average frequency .
0711.0549	physics.gen-ph	Nonlocal Astroparticles in Einstein 's Universe	Gravitational probes should maintain spatial flatness for Einsten-Infeld-Hoffmann dynamics of relativistic matter-energy . The continuous elementary source/particle in Einstein 's gravitational theory is the r^ { -4 } radial energy density rather than the delta-operator density in empty-space gravitation . The space energy integral of such an infinite ( astro ) particle is finite and determines its nonlocal gravitational charge for the energy-to-energy attraction of other nonlocal ( astro ) particles . The non-empty flat space of the undivided material Universe is charged continuously by the world energy density of the global ensemble of overlapping radial particles . Nonlocal gravitational/inertial energy-charges incorporate Machian relativism quantitatively into Einstein 's gravitation for self-contained SR-GR dynamics without references on Newton 's mass-to-mass attraction .
