0711.4862	physics.data-an	Uncovering latent singularities from multifractal scaling laws in mixed asymptotic regime . Application to turbulence	In this paper we revisit an idea originally proposed by Mandelbrot about the possibility to observe `` negative dimensions '' in random multifractals . For that purpose , we define a new way to study scaling where the observation scale $ \tau $ and the total sample length $ L $ are respectively going to zero and to infinity . This `` mixed '' asymptotic regime is parametrized by an exponent $ \chi $ that corresponds to Mandelbrot `` supersampling exponent '' . In order to study the scaling exponents in the mixed regime , we use a formalism introduced in the context of the physics of disordered systems relying upon traveling wave solutions of some non-linear iteration equation . Within our approach , we show that for random multiplicative cascade models , the parameter $ \chi $ can be interpreted as a negative dimension and , as anticipated by Mandelbrot , allows one to uncover the `` hidden '' negative part of the singularity spectrum , corresponding to `` latent '' singularities . We illustrate our purpose on synthetic cascade models . When applied to turbulence data , this formalism allows us to distinguish two popular phenomenological models of dissipation intermittency : We show that the mixed scaling exponents agree with a log-normal model and not with log-Poisson statistics .
0711.4879	physics.optics	Spontaneous emission control in high-extraction efficiency plasmonic crystals	We experimentally and theoretically investigate exciton-field coupling for the surface plasmon polariton ( SPP ) in waveguide-confined ( WC ) anti-symmetric modes of hexagonal plasmonic crystals in InP-TiO-Au-TiO-Si heterostructures . The radiative decay time of the InP-based transverse magnetic ( TM ) -strained multi-quantum well ( MQW ) coupled to the SPP modes is observed to be 2.9-3.7 times shorter than that of a bare MQW wafer . Theoretically we find that 80 % of the enhanced PL is emitted into SPP modes , and 17 % of the enhanced luminescence is redirected into WC-anti-symmetric modes . In addition to the direct coupling of the excitons to the plasmonic modes , this demonstration is also useful for the development of high-temperature SPP lasers , the development of highly integrated photo-electrical devices , or miniaturized biosensors .
0711.4892	physics.gen-ph	The Macroscopic Quantum Effect in Nonlinear Oscillating Systems : a Possible Bridge between Classical and Quantum Physics	Einstein , De Broglie and others hoped that the schism between classical and quantum physics might one day be overcome by a theory taking into account the essential nonlinearity of elementary physical processes . However , neither their attempts , nor subsequent ones were able to supply a unifying principle that could serve as a starting-point for a coherent understanding of both microphysical and macroscopic phenomena . In the late 1960s the phenomenon of amplitude quantization , or Macroscopic Quantum Effect ( MQE ) , was discovered in a class of nonlinear oscillating systems in which two or more subsystems are coupled to each other by interactions having a specific phase-dependent character -- so-called argumental interactions . Experimental and theoretical studies of the MQE , carried out up to the present time , suggest the possibility of a new conceptual framework for physics , which would provide a bridge between classical and quantum physics , replacing the Newtonian notion of `` force '' by a new conception of physical interaction . The present paper presents a brief introduction to the MQE and some ideas about its possible significance in the search for new approaches to the understanding of quantum phenomena .
0711.4920	physics.atom-ph	State selective differential cross sections for single and double electron capture in $ He\sp { 1,2+ } -He $ and $ p-He $ collisons	Using the COLTRIMStechnique , scattering angle differential cross sections for single and double electron capture in collisions of protons and $ He\sp { 1,2+ } $ projectiles with helium atoms for incident energies of $ 60-630 keV/u $ are measured . We also report new theoretical results obtained by means of four-body one-channel distorted wave models ( CDW-BFS , CDW-BIS and BDW ) , and find mixed agreement with the measured data .
0711.4926	physics.atom-ph	Absolute frequency measurement of the magnesium intercombination transition $ ^1S_0 \to ^3P_1 $	We report on a frequency measurement of the $ ( 3s^2 ) ^1S_0\to ( 3s3p ) ^3P_1 $ clock transition of $ ^ { 24 } $ Mg on a thermal atomic beam . The intercombination transition has been referenced to a portable primary Cs frequency standard with the help of a femtosecond fiber laser frequency comb . The achieved uncertainty is $ 2.5\times10^ { -12 } $ which corresponds to an increase in accuracy of six orders of magnitude compared to previous results . The measured frequency value permits the calculation of several other optical transitions from $ ^1S_0 $ to the $ ^3P_J $ -level system for $ ^ { 24 } $ Mg , $ ^ { 25 } $ Mg and $ ^ { 26 } $ Mg . We describe in detail the components of our optical frequency standard like the stabilized spectroscopy laser , the atomic beam apparatus used for Ramsey-Bord\'e interferometry and the frequency comb generator and discuss the uncertainty contributions to our measurement including the first and second order Doppler effect . An upper limit of $ 3\times10^ { -13 } $ in one second for the short term instability of our optical frequency standard was determined by comparison with a GPS disciplined quartz oscillator .
0711.4931	physics.optics	Complete characterization of weak , ultrashort near-UV pulses by spectral interferometry	We present a method for a complete characterization of a femtosecond ultraviolet pulse when a fundamental near-infrared beam is also available . Our approach relies on generation of second harmonic from the pre-characterized fundamental , which serves as a reference against which an unknown pulse is measured using spectral interference ( SI ) . The characterization apparatus is a modified second harmonic frequency resolved optical gating setup which additionally allows for taking SI spectrum . The presented method is linear in the unknown field , simple and sensitive . We checked its accuracy using test pulses generated in a thick nonlinear crystal , demonstrating the ability to measure the phase in a broad spectral range , down to 0.1 % peak spectral intensity as well as retrieving pi leaps in the spectral phase .
0711.4942	physics.geo-ph math.NA	Numerical modeling of 1-D transient poroelastic waves in the low-frequency range	Propagation of transient mechanical waves in porous media is numerically investigated in 1D . The framework is the linear Biot 's model with frequency-independant coefficients . The coexistence of a propagating fast wave and a diffusive slow wave makes numerical modeling tricky . A method combining three numerical tools is proposed : a fourth-order ADER scheme with time-splitting to deal with the time-marching , a space-time mesh refinement to account for the small-scale evolution of the slow wave , and an interface method to enforce the jump conditions at interfaces . Comparisons with analytical solutions confirm the validity of this approach .
0711.4945	physics.plasm-ph	Renormalized cluster expansion of the microfield distribution in a strongly coupled two-component plasmas	The electric microfield distribution ( MFD ) at an impurity ion is studied for two-component ( TCP ) electron-ion plasmas using molecular dynamics simulation and theoretical models . The particles are treated within classical statistical mechanics using an electron-ion Coulomb potential regularized at distances less than the de Broglie length to take into account quantum-diffraction effects . Corrections to the potential-of-mean-force exponential ( PMFEX ) approximation recently proposed for MFD in a strongly coupled TCP [ Phys . Rev . E 72 , 036403 ( 2005 ) ] are obtained and discussed . This has been done by a generalization of the standard Baranger-Mozer and renormalized cluster expansion techniques originally developed for the one-component plasmas to the TCPs . The results obtained for a neutral point are compared with those from molecular dynamics simulations . It is shown that the corrections do not help to improve the PMFEX approximation for a TCP with low ionic charge Z . But starting with Z > 5 the PMFEX model is substantially improved and the agreement with numerical simulations is excellent . We have also found that with increasing coupling the PMFEX approximation becomes invalid to predict the MFD at a neutral point while its corrected version agrees satisfactory with the simulations .
0711.4973	physics.atm-clus	Energy absorption of xenon clusters in helium nanodroplets under strong laser pulses	Energy absorption of xenon clusters embedded in helium nanodroplets from strong femtosecond laser pulses is studied theoretically . Compared to pure clusters we find earlier and more efficient energy absorption in agreement with experiments . This effect is due to resonant absorption of the helium nanoplasma whose formation is catalyzed by the xenon core . For very short double pulses with variable delay both plasma resonances , due to the helium shell and the xenon core , are identified and the experimental conditions are given which should allow for a simultaneous observation of both of them .
0711.4997	physics.gen-ph	Highest-Energy Cosmic Rays and Hilbertian Repulsive Effect	We point out that an important portion of the high energy of the cosmic rays from extragalactic sources can be attributed to a Hilbertian repulsive effect , which is a consequence of Einstein equations without cosmological term .
0711.5021	physics.optics	Controlling the optical properties of transparent media by mixing active and passive resonances	Novel optical phenomena , including electromagnetically induced transparency , slow light , superluminal light propagation , have recently been demonstrated in diverse physical implementations . These phenomena are challenging to realize in practical systems because they require quantum coherence as well as careful preparation and control of prescribed quantum states . Here we present a unified approach to engineering optical materials that exhibit these phenomena by using mixtures of active and passive optical materials at frequencies near their resonances . Our approach does not depend on quantum coherence and can realize large and small ( much less than 1 ) indices of refraction and negative permittivity ( $ \epsilon < 0 $ ) , normal and anomalous dispersion , all while maintaining transparency .
0712.0018	physics.geo-ph	On observability of the free core nutation	Neither astronomical technique , including VLBI , can measure nutation directly . Estimates of parameters of the nutation model are produced by solving the LSQ problem of adjusting millions parameters using estimates of group delay . The choice of the mathematical model for nutation used in the estimation process of analysis of group delays affects our ability to interpret the results . Ignoring these subtleties and using parameters of the nutation model either in the form of time series , or in the form of empirical expansion as '' VLBI measurement of nutation '' , opens a room for misinterpretation and mistakes . Detailed analysis of the problem reveals that the separation of forced nutations , atmospheric nutations , ocean nutations , and the retrograde free core nutation requires invoking some hypotheses , and beyond a specific level becomes uncertain . This sets a limit of our ability to make an inference about the free core nutation .
