0705.0724	physics.gen-ph	Reciprocal Symmetric Boltzmann Function and Unified Boson-Fermion Statistics	The differential equation for Boltzmann 's function is replaced by the corresponding discrete finite difference equation . The difference equation is , then , symmetrized so that the equation remains invariant when step d is replaced by -d. The solutions of this equation come in Boson-Fermion pairs . Reciprocal symmetric Boltzmann 's function , thus , unifies both Bosonic and Fermionic distributions .
0705.0725	physics.optics physics.chem-ph	Toward Full Spatio-Temporal Control on the Nanoscale	We introduce an approach to implement full coherent control on nanometer length scales . It is based on spatio-temporal modulation of the surface plasmon polariton ( SPP ) fields at the thick edge of a nanowedge . The SPP wavepackets propagating toward the sharp edge of this nanowedge are compressed and adiabatically concentrated at a nanofocus , forming an ultrashort pulse of local fields . The one-dimensional spatial profile and temporal waveform of this pulse are completely coherently controlled .
0705.0765	physics.plasm-ph nlin.AO	Geometric dissipation in kinetic equations	A new symplectic variational approach is developed for modeling dissipation in kinetic equations . This approach yields a double bracket structure in phase space which generates kinetic equations representing coadjoint motion under canonical transformations . The Vlasov example admits measure-valued single-particle solutions . Such solutions are reversible ; and the total entropy is a Casimir , and thus is preserved .
0705.0775	physics.hist-ph physics.gen-ph	Clarifying Einstein 's First Derivation for Mass-Energy Equivalence and Consequently Making Ives 's Criticism a Void	We study physical situation considered by Einstein ( Ann . Physik , 17 , 1905 ) for his first derivation of mass-energy equivalence . Einstein introduced a constant $ C $ in his derivation and reasoning surrounding $ C $ and equations containing $ C $ caused criticism by Ives . Here we clarify Einstein 's derivation and obtain a value for constant $ C $ . The obtained zero value for $ C $ suggests alternative explanation for Einstein 's derivation and makes Ives 's criticism a void and for which details are also presented in this paper .
