0707.4529	physics.optics	Topological Properties of Spatial Coherence Function	Topology of the spatial coherence function is considered in details . The phase singularity ( coherence vortices ) structures of coherence function are classified by Hopf index and Brouwer degree in topology . The coherence flux quantization and the linking of the closed coherence vortices are also studied from the topological properties of the spatial coherence function .
0707.4534	physics.chem-ph nlin.CD	Intramolecular vibrational energy redistribution from a high frequency mode in the presence of an internal rotor : Classical thick-layer diffusion and quantum localization	We study the effect of an internal rotor on the classical and quantum intramolecular vibrational energy redistribution ( IVR ) dynamics of a model system with three degrees of freedom . The system is based on a Hamiltonian proposed by Martens and Reinhardt ( J. Chem . Phys . { \bf 93 } , 5621 ( 1990 ) . ) to study IVR in the excited electronic state of para-fluorotoluene . We explicitly construct the state space and show , confirming the mechanism proposed by Martens and Reinhardt , that an excited high frequency mode relaxes via diffusion along a thick layer of chaos created by the low frequency-rotor interactions . However , the corresponding quantum dynamics exhibits no appreciable relaxation of the high frequency mode . We attribute the quantum suppression of the classical thick-layer diffusion to the rotor selection rules and , possibly , dynamical localization effects .
0707.4539	physics.gen-ph	Periodic relativity : basic framework of the theory	An alternative gravity theory is proposed which does not rely on Riemannian geometry and geodesic trajectories . The theory named periodic relativity ( PR ) does not use the weak field approximation and allows every two body system to deviate differently from the flat Minkowski metric . PR differs from general relativity ( GR ) in predictions of the proper time intervals of distant objects . PR proposes a definite connection between the proper time interval of an object and gravitational frequency shift of its constituent particles as the object travels through the gravitational field . PR is based on the dynamic weak equivalence principle which equates the gravitational mass with the relativistic mass . PR provides very accurate solutions for the Pioneer anomaly and the rotation curves of galaxies outside the framework of general relativity . PR satisfies Einstein 's field equations with respect to the three major GR tests within the solar system and with respect to the derivation of Friedmann equation in cosmology . This article defines the underlying framework of the theory .
0707.4544	physics.gen-ph	Orbital period derivative of a binary system using an exact orbital energy equation	It is proposed that the equations of motion in periodic relativity which yielded major predictions of general relativity without utilizing Riemannian geometry and geodesic trajectories are exact in nature and can be applied to pulsars and inspiraling compact binaries for analyzing orbital period derivative and two polarization gravitational wave forms . Exactness of these equations eliminates the need for higher order xPN corrections to the orbital energy part of the balance equation . This is mainly due to the introduction of dynamic WEP which states that the gravitational mass is equal to the relativistic mass .
0707.4577	physics.soc-ph	The influence of self-citation corrections on Egghe 's g index	The g index was introduced by Leo Egghe as an improvement of Hirsch 's index h for measuring the overall citation record of a set of articles . It better takes into account the highly skewed frequency distribution of citations than the h index . I propose to sharpen this g index by excluding the self-citations . I have worked out nine practical cases in physics and compare the h and g values with and without self-citations . As expected , the g index characterizes the data set better than the h index . The influence of the self-citations appears to be more significant for the g index than for the h index .
0707.4587	physics.comp-ph physics.chem-ph	Observations on Gaussian bases for Schrodinger 's equation	One of the few methods for generating efficient function spaces for multi-D Schrodinger eigenproblems is given by Garashchuk and Light in J.Chem.Phys . 114 ( 2001 ) 3929 . Their Gaussian basis functions are wider and sparser in high potential regions , and narrower and denser in low ones . We suggest a modification of their approach based on the following observation : In very steep potential regions , wide , sparse , Gaussians should be avoided even if their centers have high potential values . Our numerical results illustrate that a dramatic improvement in accuracy may be obtained in this way . We also compare the errors of collocation to those of a Galerkin approach , test a criterion for scaling Gaussian widths based on deviation from orthogonality of collocation eigenfunctions , and suggest a criterion for scaling Gaussian widths based on Hamiltonian trace minimization .
0707.4624	physics.atom-ph physics.ins-det	Conceptual Design of a Micron-Scale Atomic Clock	A theoretical proposal for reducing an entire atomic clock to micron dimensions . A phosphorus or nitrogen atom is introduced into a fullerene cage . This endohedral fullerene is then coated with an insulating shell and a number of them are deposited as a thin layer on a silicon chip . Next to this layer a GMR sensor is fabricated which is close to the endohedral fullerenes . This GMR sensor measures oscillating magnetic fields on the order of micro-gauss from the nuclear spins varying at the frequency of the hyperfine transition ( 413 MHz frequency ) . Given the micron scale and simplicity of this system only a few transistors are needed to control the waveforms and to perform digital clocking . This new form of atomic clock exhibits extremely low power ( nano watts ) , high vibration and shock resistance , stability on the order of 10^ { -9 } , and is compatible with MEMS fabrication and chip integration . As GMR sensors continue to improve in sensitivity the stability of this form of atomic clock will increase proportionately .
0707.4657	physics.gen-ph	The Informational Conception and Basic Physics	In our previous arXiv papers ( `` The Information and the Matter '' , v1 , v5 ; more systematically the informational conception is presented in the paper `` The Information as Absolute '' , 2010 ) it was rigorously shown that Matter in our Universe - and Universe as a whole - are some informational systems ( structures ) , which exist as uninterruptedly transforming [ practically ] infinitesimal sub-sets of the absolutely infinite and fundamental set '' Information '' . Such a conception allows not only to clear essentially a number of metaphysical and epistemological problems in philosophy but , besides , allows to suggest a reasonable physical model . Since Matter in Universe is an informational system where any interaction between Matter 's sub-structures , i.e . - particles and systems of the particles - happens always as an exchange by exclusively true information between these structures , the model is based on the conjecture that Matter is some analogue of computer . The conjecture , in turn , allows to introduce in the model the basic logical elements that constitute the material structures and support the informational exchange - i.e . the forces - between the structures . The model is experimentally testable and yet now makes be more clear a number of basic problems in special relativity , quantum mechanics , and , rather probably , in [ now - in Newtonian ] gravity .
0708.0013	physics.flu-dyn	Beltrami States for Compressible Barotropic Flows	Beltrami states for compressible barotropic flows are deduced by minimizing the total kinetic energy while keeping the total helicity constant . A Hamiltonian basis for these Beltrami states is also sketched .
0708.0014	physics.optics physics.atom-ph	Cover slip external cavity diode laser	The design of a 671 nm diode laser with a mode-hop-free tuning range of 40 GHz is described . This long tuning range is achieved by simultaneously ramping the external cavity length with the laser injection current . The external cavity consists of a microscope cover slip mounted on piezoelectric actuators . In such a configuration the laser output pointing remains fixed , independent of its frequency . Using a diode with an output power of 5-7 mW , the laser linewidth was found to be smaller than 30 MHz . This cover slip cavity and feedforward laser current control system is simple , economical , robust , and easy to use for spectroscopy , as we demonstrate with lithium vapor and lithium atom beam experiments .
0708.0020	physics.plasm-ph astro-ph	Spin solitons in magnetized pair plasmas	A set of fluid equations , taking into account the spin properties of the electrons and positrons in a magnetoplasma , are derived . The magnetohydrodynamic limit of the pair plasma is investigated . It is shown that the microscopic spin properties of the electrons and positrons can lead to interesting macroscopic and collective effects in strongly magnetized plasmas . In particular , it is found that new Alfvenic solitary structures , governed by a modified Korteweg-de Vries equation , are allowed in such plasmas . These solitary structures vanish if the quantum spin effects are neglected . Our results should be of relevance for astrophysical plasmas , e.g . in pulsar magnetospheres .
0708.0052	physics.gen-ph quant-ph	An Introduction to Relativistic Quantum Mechanics . I . From Relativity to Dirac Equation	By using the general concepts of special relativity and the requirements of quantum mechanics , Dirac equation is derived and studied . Only elementary knowledge of spin and rotations in quantum mechanics and standard handlings of linear algebra are employed for the development of the present work .
0708.0059	physics.ed-ph	On the need to enhance physical insight via mathematical skills	It is becoming common to hear teaching advice about spending more time on the '' physics of the problem '' so that students will get more physical insight and develop a stronger intuition that can be very helpful when thinking about physics problems . Based on this type of justification , mathematical skills such as the ability to compute moments of inertia , center of mass , or gravitational fields from mass distributions , and electrical fields from charge distributions are considered `` distracting mathematics '' and therefore receive less attention . We argue a ) that this approach can have a negative influence on student reasoning when dealing with questions of rotational dynamics , a highly non-intuitive subject where even instructors may fail to provide correct answers , and b ) that exposure of students to mathematical reasoning and to a wide range of computational techniques to obtain the moment of inertia of different mass distributions will make students more comfortable with the subject of rotational dynamics , thus improving their physical insight on the topic .
