0711.0574	cs.RO	Singular Curves in the Joint Space and Cusp Points of 3-RPR parallel manipulators	This paper investigates the singular curves in the joint space of a family of planar parallel manipulators . It focuses on special points , referred to as cusp points , which may appear on these curves . Cusp points play an important role in the kinematic behavior of parallel manipulators since they make possible a nonsingular change of assembly mode . The purpose of this study is twofold . First , it exposes a method to compute joint space singular curves of 3-RPR planar parallel manipulators . Second , it presents an algorithm for detecting and computing all cusp points in the joint space of these same manipulators .
0711.0607	cs.SE	Exploring the Composition of Unit Test Suites	In agile software development , test code can considerably contribute to the overall source code size . Being a valuable asset both in terms of verification and documentation , the composition of a test suite needs to be well understood in order to identify opportunities as well as weaknesses for further evolution . In this paper , we argue that the visualization of structural characteristics is a viable means to support the exploration of test suites . Thanks to general agreement on a limited set of key test design principles , such visualizations are relatively easy to interpret . In particular , we present visualizations that support testers in ( i ) locating test cases ; ( ii ) examining the relation between test code and production code ; and ( iii ) studying the composition of and dependencies within test cases . By means of two case studies , we demonstrate how visual patterns help to identify key test suite characteristics . This approach forms the first step in assisting a developer to build up understanding about test suites beyond code reading .
0711.0618	cs.PL cs.SE	PIDoc : Wiki style Literate Programming for Prolog	This document introduces PlDoc , a literate programming system for Prolog . Starting point for PlDoc was minimal distraction from the programming task and maximal immediate reward , attempting to seduce the programmer to use the system . Minimal distraction is achieved using structured comments that are as closely as possible related to common Prolog documentation practices . Immediate reward is provided by a web interface powered from the Prolog development environment that integrates searching and browsing application and system documentation . When accessed from localhost , it is possible to go from documentation shown in a browser to the source code displayed in the user's editor of choice .
0711.0666	cs.CL	Discriminative Phoneme Sequences Extraction for Non-Native Speaker's Origin Classification	In this paper we present an automated method for the classification of the origin of non-native speakers . The origin of non-native speakers could be identified by a human listener based on the detection of typical pronunciations for each nationality . Thus we suppose the existence of several phoneme sequences that might allow the classification of the origin of non-native speakers . Our new method is based on the extraction of discriminative sequences of phonemes from a non-native English speech database . These sequences are used to construct a probabilistic classifier for the speakers ' origin . The existence of discriminative phone sequences in non-native speech is a significant result of this work . The system that we have developed achieved a significant correct classification rate of 96.3 % and a significant error reduction compared to some other tested techniques .
0711.0692	cs.CR	On the defence notion	'Trojan horses ' , 'logic bombs ' , 'armoured viruses ' and 'cryptovirology ' are terms recalling war gears . In fact , concepts of attack and defence drive the world of computer virology , which looks like a war universe in an information society . This war has several shapes , from invasions of a network by worms , to military and industrial espionage ...
0711.0694	cs.AI cs.RO	Performance Bounds for Lambda Policy Iteration and Application to the Game of Tetris	We consider the discrete-time infinite-horizon optimal control problem formalized by Markov Decision Processes . We revisit the work of Bertsekas and Ioffe , that introduced $ \lambda $ Policy Iteration , a family of algorithms parameterized by $ \lambda $ that generalizes the standard algorithms Value Iteration and Policy Iteration , and has some deep connections with the Temporal Differences algorithm TD ( $ \lambda $ ) described by Sutton and Barto . We deepen the original theory developped by the authors by providing convergence rate bounds which generalize standard bounds for Value Iteration described for instance by Puterman . Then , the main contribution of this paper is to develop the theory of this algorithm when it is used in an approximate form and show that this is sound . Doing so , we extend and unify the separate analyses developped by Munos for Approximate Value Iteration and Approximate Policy Iteration . Eventually , we revisit the use of this algorithm in the training of a Tetris playing controller as originally done by Bertsekas and Ioffe . We provide an original performance bound that can be applied to such an undiscounted control problem . Our empirical results are different from those of Bertsekas and Ioffe ( which were originally qualified as `` paradoxical '' and '' intriguing '' ) , and much more conform to what one would expect from a learning experiment . We discuss the possible reason for such a difference .
0711.0705	cs.IT math.IT	Feedback Capacity of the Compound Channel	In this work we find the capacity of a compound finite-state channel with time-invariant deterministic feedback . The model we consider involves the use of fixed length block codes . Our achievability result includes a proof of the existence of a universal decoder for the family of finite-state channels with feedback . As a consequence of our capacity result , we show that feedback does not increase the capacity of the compound Gilbert-Elliot channel . Additionally , we show that for a stationary and uniformly ergodic Markovian channel , if the compound channel capacity is zero without feedback then it is zero with feedback . Finally , we use our result on the finite-state channel to show that the feedback capacity of the memoryless compound channel is given by $ \inf_ { \theta } \max_ { Q_X } I ( X ; Y|\theta ) $ .
0711.0708	cs.IT math.IT	A Rank-Metric Approach to Error Control in Random Network Coding	The problem of error control in random linear network coding is addressed from a matrix perspective that is closely related to the subspace perspective of K\ '' otter and Kschischang . A large class of constant-dimension subspace codes is investigated . It is shown that codes in this class can be easily constructed from rank-metric codes , while preserving their distance properties . Moreover , it is shown that minimum distance decoding of such subspace codes can be reformulated as a generalized decoding problem for rank-metric codes where partial information about the error is available . This partial information may be in the form of erasures ( knowledge of an error location but not its value ) and deviations ( knowledge of an error value but not its location ) . Taking erasures and deviations into account ( when they occur ) strictly increases the error correction capability of a code : if $ \mu $ erasures and $ \delta $ deviations occur , then errors of rank $ t $ can always be corrected provided that $ 2t \leq d - 1 + \mu + \delta $ , where $ d $ is the minimum rank distance of the code . For Gabidulin codes , an important family of maximum rank distance codes , an efficient decoding algorithm is proposed that can properly exploit erasures and deviations . In a network coding application where $ n $ packets of length $ M $ over $ F_q $ are transmitted , the complexity of the decoding algorithm is given by $ O ( dM ) $ operations in an extension field $ F_ { q^n } $ .
0711.0711	cs.IT cs.CR math.IT	Information-Theoretic Security in Wireless Networks	This paper summarizes recent contributions of the authors and their co-workers in the area of information-theoretic security .
