0705.3013	cs.IT cs.GT math.IT	A stochastic non-cooperative game for energy efficiency in wireless data networks	In this paper the issue of energy efficiency in CDMA wireless data networks is addressed through a game theoretic approach . Building on a recent paper by the first two authors , wherein a non-cooperative game for spreading-code optimization , power control , and receiver design has been proposed to maximize the ratio of data throughput to transmit power for each active user , a stochastic algorithm is here described to perform adaptive implementation of the said non-cooperative game . The proposed solution is based on a combination of RLS-type and LMS-type adaptations , and makes use of readily available measurements . Simulation results show that its performance approaches with satisfactory accuracy that of the non-adaptive game , which requires a much larger amount of prior information .
0705.3015	cs.PF cs.DC	An Extensible Timing Infrastructure for Adaptive Large-scale Applications	Real-time access to accurate and reliable timing information is necessary to profile scientific applications , and crucial as simulations become increasingly complex , adaptive , and large-scale . The Cactus Framework provides flexible and extensible capabilities for timing information through a well designed infrastructure and timing API . Applications built with Cactus automatically gain access to built-in timers , such as gettimeofday and getrusage , system-specific hardware clocks , and high-level interfaces such as PAPI . We describe the Cactus timer interface , its motivation , and its implementation . We then demonstrate how this timing information can be used by an example scientific application to profile itself , and to dynamically adapt itself to a changing environment at run time .
0705.3025	cs.IT cs.NI math.IT	Spectral Efficiency of Spectrum Pooling Systems	In this contribution , we investigate the idea of using cognitive radio to reuse locally unused spectrum to increase the total system capacity . We consider a multiband/wideband system in which the primary and cognitive users wish to communicate to different receivers , subject to mutual interference and assume that each user knows only his channel and the unused spectrum through adequate sensing . The basic idea under the proposed scheme is based on the notion of spectrum pooling . The idea is quite simple : a cognitive radio will listen to the channel and , if sensed idle , will transmit during the voids . It turns out that , although its simplicity , the proposed scheme showed very interesting features with respect to the spectral efficiency and the maximum number of possible pairwise cognitive communications . We impose the constraint that users successively transmit over available bands through selfish water filling . For the first time , our study has quantified the asymptotic ( with respect to the band ) achievable gain of using spectrum pooling in terms of spectral efficiency compared to classical radio systems . We then derive the total spectral efficiency as well as the maximum number of possible pairwise communications of such a spectrum pooling system .
0705.3058	cs.IT math.IT	On the Shannon capacity and queueing stability of random access multicast	We study and compare the Shannon capacity region and the stable throughput region for a random access system in which source nodes multicast their messages to multiple destination nodes . Under an erasure channel model which accounts for interference and allows for multipacket reception , we first characterize the Shannon capacity region . We then consider a queueing-theoretic formulation and characterize the stable throughput region for two different transmission policies : a retransmission policy and random linear coding . Our results indicate that for large blocklengths , the random linear coding policy provides a higher stable throughput than the retransmission policy . Furthermore , our results provide an example of a transmission policy for which the Shannon capacity region strictly outer bounds the stable throughput region , which contradicts an unproven conjecture that the Shannon capacity and stable throughput coincide for random access systems .
0705.3061	cs.CG math.AT	Measuring and Localing Homology Classes	We develop a method for measuring and localizing homology classes . This involves two problems . First , we define relevant notions of size for both a homology class and a homology group basis , using ideas from relative homology . Second , we propose an algorithm to compute the optimal homology basis , using techniques from persistent homology and finite field algebra . Classes of the computed optimal basis are localized with cycles conveying their sizes . The algorithm runs in $ O ( \beta^4 n^3 \log^2 n ) $ time , where $ n $ is the size of the simplicial complex and $ \beta $ is the Betti number of the homology group .
