0709.1190	cs.IT cs.AI math.IT	Belief-Propagation for Weighted b-Matchings on Arbitrary Graphs and its Relation to Linear Programs with Integer Solutions	We consider the general problem of finding the minimum weight $ \bm $ -matching on arbitrary graphs . We prove that , whenever the linear programming ( LP ) relaxation of the problem has no fractional solutions , then the belief propagation ( BP ) algorithm converges to the correct solution . We also show that when the LP relaxation has a fractional solution then the BP algorithm can be used to solve the LP relaxation . Our proof is based on the notion of graph covers and extends the analysis of ( Bayati-Shah-Sharma 2005 and Huang-Jebara 2007 } . These results are notable in the following regards : ( 1 ) It is one of a very small number of proofs showing correctness of BP without any constraint on the graph structure . ( 2 ) Variants of the proof work for both synchronous and asynchronous BP ; it is the first proof of convergence and correctness of an asynchronous BP algorithm for a combinatorial optimization problem .
0709.1197	cs.DM	An efficient algorithm finds noticeable trends and examples concerning the \v { C } erny conjecture	A word w is called synchronizing ( recurrent , reset , directed ) word of a deterministic finite automaton ( DFA ) if w sends all states of the automaton on a unique state . Jan Cerny had found in 1964 a sequence of n-state complete DFA with shortest synchronizing word of length ( n-1 ) ^2 . He had conjectured that it is an upper bound for the length of the shortest synchronizing word for any $ n $ -state complete DFA . The examples of DFA with shortest synchronizing word of length ( n-1 ) ^2 are relatively rare . To the Cerny sequence were added in all examples of Cerny , Piricka and Rosenauerova ( 1971 ) , of Kari ( 2001 ) and of Roman ( 2004 ) . By help of a program based on some effective algorithms , a wide class of automata of size less than 11 was checked . The order of the algorithm finding synchronizing word is quadratic for overwhelming majority of known to date automata . Some new examples of n-state DFA with minimal synchronizing word of length ( n-1 ) ^2 were discovered . The program recognized some remarkable trends concerning the length of the minimal synchronizing word . http : //www.cs.biu.ac.il/~trakht/Testas.html
0709.1201	cs.CC cs.LO math.LO	On the Proof Complexity of Deep Inference	We obtain two results about the proof complexity of deep inference : 1 ) deep-inference proof systems are as powerful as Frege ones , even when both are extended with the Tseitin extension rule or with the substitution rule ; 2 ) there are analytic deep-inference proof systems that exhibit an exponential speed-up over analytic Gentzen proof systems that they polynomially simulate .
0709.1207	cs.CC	The P versus NP Brief	This paper discusses why P and NP are likely to be different . It analyses the essence of the concepts and points out that P and NP might be diverse by sheer definition . It also speculates that P and NP may be unequal due to natural laws .
0709.1211	cs.IT math.IT math.ST stat.TH	Likelihood ratios and Bayesian inference for Poisson channels	In recent years , infinite-dimensional methods have been introduced for the Gaussian channels estimation . The aim of this paper is to study the application of similar methods to Poisson channels . In particular we compute the Bayesian estimator of a Poisson channel using the likelihood ratio and the discrete Malliavin gradient . This algorithm is suitable for numerical implementation via the Monte-Carlo scheme . As an application we provide an new proof of the formula obtained recently by Guo , Shamai and Verdu\'u relating some derivatives of the input-output mutual information of a time-continuous Poisson channel and the conditional mean estimator of the input . These results are then extended to mixed Gaussian-Poisson channels .
0709.1227	cs.DS cs.DB	Efficient Algorithms for Node Disjoint Subgraph Homeomorphism Determination	Recently , great efforts have been dedicated to researches on the management of large scale graph based data such as WWW , social networks , biological networks . In the study of graph based data management , node disjoint subgraph homeomorphism relation between graphs is more suitable than ( sub ) graph isomorphism in many cases , especially in those cases that node skipping and node mismatching are allowed . However , no efficient node disjoint subgraph homeomorphism determination ( ndSHD ) algorithms have been available . In this paper , we propose two computationally efficient ndSHD algorithms based on state spaces searching with backtracking , which employ many heuristics to prune the search spaces . Experimental results on synthetic data sets show that the proposed algorithms are efficient , require relative little time in most of the testing cases , can scale to large or dense graphs , and can accommodate to more complex fuzzy matching cases .
