0704.0047	cs.NE cs.AI	Intelligent location of simultaneously active acoustic emission sources : Part I	The intelligent acoustic emission locator is described in Part I , while Part II discusses blind source separation , time delay estimation and location of two simultaneously active continuous acoustic emission sources . The location of acoustic emission on complicated aircraft frame structures is a difficult problem of non-destructive testing . This article describes an intelligent acoustic emission source locator . The intelligent locator comprises a sensor antenna and a general regression neural network , which solves the location problem based on learning from examples . Locator performance was tested on different test specimens . Tests have shown that the accuracy of location depends on sound velocity and attenuation in the specimen , the dimensions of the tested area , and the properties of stored data . The location accuracy achieved by the intelligent locator is comparable to that obtained by the conventional triangulation method , while the applicability of the intelligent locator is more general since analysis of sonic ray paths is avoided . This is a promising method for non-destructive testing of aircraft frame structures by the acoustic emission method .
0704.0050	cs.NE cs.AI	Intelligent location of simultaneously active acoustic emission sources : Part II	Part I describes an intelligent acoustic emission locator , while Part II discusses blind source separation , time delay estimation and location of two continuous acoustic emission sources . Acoustic emission ( AE ) analysis is used for characterization and location of developing defects in materials . AE sources often generate a mixture of various statistically independent signals . A difficult problem of AE analysis is separation and characterization of signal components when the signals from various sources and the mode of mixing are unknown . Recently , blind source separation ( BSS ) by independent component analysis ( ICA ) has been used to solve these problems . The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate the applicability of ICA to locate two independent simultaneously active acoustic emission sources on an aluminum band specimen . The method is promising for non-destructive testing of aircraft frame structures by acoustic emission analysis .
0704.0090	cs.CE cond-mat.stat-mech cs.MS cs.NA physics.data-an	Real Options for Project Schedules ( ROPS )	Real Options for Project Schedules ( ROPS ) has three recursive sampling/optimization shells . An outer Adaptive Simulated Annealing ( ASA ) optimization shell optimizes parameters of strategic Plans containing multiple Projects containing ordered Tasks . A middle shell samples probability distributions of durations of Tasks . An inner shell samples probability distributions of costs of Tasks . PATHTREE is used to develop options on schedules.. Algorithms used for Trading in Risk Dimensions ( TRD ) are applied to develop a relative risk analysis among projects .
0704.0098	cs.IT math.IT	Sparsely-spread CDMA - a statistical mechanics based analysis	Sparse Code Division Multiple Access ( CDMA ) , a variation on the standard CDMA method in which the spreading ( signature ) matrix contains only a relatively small number of non-zero elements , is presented and analysed using methods of statistical physics . The analysis provides results on the performance of maximum likelihood decoding for sparse spreading codes in the large system limit . We present results for both cases of regular and irregular spreading matrices for the binary additive white Gaussian noise channel ( BIAWGN ) with a comparison to the canonical ( dense ) random spreading code .
0704.0108	cs.CC	Reducing SAT to 2-SAT	Description of a polynomial time reduction of SAT to 2-SAT of polynomial size .
