0711.3545	cs.IT math.IT	To Code or Not to Code Across Time : Space-Time Coding with Feedback	Space-time codes leverage the availability of multiple antennas to enhance the reliability of communication over wireless channels . While space-time codes have initially been designed with a focus on open-loop systems , recent technological advances have enabled the possibility of low-rate feedback from the receiver to the transmitter . The focus of this paper is on the implications of this feedback in a single-user multi-antenna system with a general model for spatial correlation . We assume a limited feedback model , that is , a coherent receiver and statistics along with B bits of quantized channel information at the transmitter . We study space-time coding with a family of linear dispersion ( LD ) codes that meet an additional orthogonality constraint so as to ensure low-complexity decoding . Our results show that , when the number of bits of feedback ( B ) is small , a space-time coding scheme that is equivalent to beamforming and does not code across time is optimal in a weak sense in that it maximizes the average received SNR . As B increases , this weak optimality transitions to optimality in a strong sense which is characterized by the maximization of the average mutual information . Thus , from a system designer's perspective , our work suggests that beamforming may not only be attractive from a low-complexity viewpoint , but also from an information-theoretic viewpoint .
0711.3591	cs.NE cs.CE	An Estimation of Distribution Algorithm with Intelligent Local Search for Rule-based Nurse Rostering	This paper proposes a new memetic evolutionary algorithm to achieve explicit learning in rule-based nurse rostering , which involves applying a set of heuristic rules for each nurse 's assignment . The main framework of the algorithm is an estimation of distribution algorithm , in which an ant-miner methodology improves the individual solutions produced in each generation . Unlike our previous work ( where learning is implicit ) , the learning in the memetic estimation of distribution algorithm is explicit , i.e . we are able to identify building blocks directly . The overall approach learns by building a probabilistic model , i.e . an estimation of the probability distribution of individual nurse-rule pairs that are used to construct schedules . The local search processor ( i.e . the ant-miner ) reinforces nurse-rule pairs that receive higher rewards . A challenging real world nurse rostering problem is used as the test problem . Computational results show that the proposed approach outperforms most existing approaches . It is suggested that the learning methodologies suggested in this paper may be applied to other scheduling problems where schedules are built systematically according to specific rules
0711.3594	cs.LG	Clustering with Transitive Distance and K-Means Duality	Recent spectral clustering methods are a propular and powerful technique for data clustering . These methods need to solve the eigenproblem whose computational complexity is $ O ( n^3 ) $ , where $ n $ is the number of data samples . In this paper , a non-eigenproblem based clustering method is proposed to deal with the clustering problem . Its performance is comparable to the spectral clustering algorithms but it is more efficient with computational complexity $ O ( n^2 ) $ . We show that with a transitive distance and an observed property , called K-means duality , our algorithm can be used to handle data sets with complex cluster shapes , multi-scale clusters , and noise . Moreover , no parameters except the number of clusters need to be set in our algorithm .
0711.3605	cs.CL	Very strict selectional restrictions	We discuss the characteristics and behaviour of two parallel classes of verbs in two Romance languages , French and Portuguese . Examples of these verbs are Port . abater [ gado ] and Fr . abattre [ b\'etail ] , both meaning `` slaughter [ cattle ] '' . In both languages , the definition of the class of verbs includes several features : - They have only one essential complement , which is a direct object . - The nominal distribution of the complement is very limited , i.e. , few nouns can be selected as head nouns of the complement . However , this selection is not restricted to a single noun , as would be the case for verbal idioms such as Fr . monter la garde `` mount guard '' . - We excluded from the class constructions which are reductions of more complex constructions , e.g . Port . afinar [ instrumento ] com `` tune [ instrument ] with '' .
0711.3629	cs.IT math.IT math.RA	Convolutional codes from units in matrix and group rings	A general method for constructing convolutional codes from units in Laurent series over matrix rings is presented . Using group ring as matrix rings , this forms a basis for in-depth exploration of convolutional codes from group ring encoding , wherein the ring in the group ring is itself a group ring . The method is used to algebraically construct series of convolutional codes . Algebraic methods are used to compute free distances and to construct convolutional codes to prescribed distances .
0711.3663	cs.CR	The one-way function based on computational uncertainty principle	This paper presents how to make use of the advantage of round-off error effect in some research areas . The float-point operation complies with the reproduce theorem without the external random perturbation . The computation uncertainty principle and the high nonlinear of chaotic system guarantee the numerical error is random and departure from the analytical result . Combining these two properties we can produce unilateral one-way function and provide a case of utilizing this function to construct encryption algorithm . The multiple-precision ( MP ) library is used to analyze nonlinear dynamics systems and achieve the code . As an example , we provide a scheme of encrypting a plaintext by employing the one-way function with Lorenz system . Since the numerical solution used in this scheme is beyond the maximum effective computation time ( MECT ) and it can not satisfy the requirements of return-map analysis and phase space reconstruction , it can block some existing attacks .
