0707.0181	cs.CE	Location and Spectral Estimation of Weak Wave Packets on Noise Background	The method of location and spectral estimation of weak signals on a noise background is being considered . The method is based on the optimized on order and noise dispersion autoregressive model of a sought signal . A new approach of model order determination is being offered . Available estimation of the noise dispersion is close to the real one . The optimized model allows to define function of empirical data spectral and dynamic features changes . The analysis of the signal as dynamic invariant in respect of the linear shift transformation yields the function of model consistency . Use of these both functions enables to detect short-time and nonstationary wave packets at signal to noise ratio as from -20 dB and above .
0707.0234	cs.IT math.IT	Selection Relaying at Low Signal to Noise Ratios	Performance of cooperative diversity schemes at Low Signal to Noise Ratios ( LSNR ) was recently studied by Avestimehr et . al . [ 1 ] who emphasized the importance of diversity gain over multiplexing gain at low SNRs . It has also been pointed out that continuous energy transfer to the channel is necessary for achieving the max-flow min-cut bound at LSNR . Motivated by this we propose the use of Selection Decode and Forward ( SDF ) at LSNR and analyze its performance in terms of the outage probability . We also propose an energy optimization scheme which further brings down the outage probability .
0707.0282	cs.DS cs.CC	Directed Feedback Vertex Set is Fixed-Parameter Tractable	We resolve positively a long standing open question regarding the fixed-parameter tractability of the parameterized Directed Feedback Vertex Set problem . In particular , we propose an algorithm which solves this problem in $ O ( 8^kk ! *poly ( n ) ) $ .
0707.0285	cs.IT math.IT	A Generalized Sampling Theorem for Frequency Localized Signals	A generalized sampling theorem for frequency localized signals is presented . The generalization in the proposed model of sampling is twofold : ( 1 ) It applies to various prefilters effecting a `` soft '' bandlimitation , ( 2 ) an approximate reconstruction from sample values rather than a perfect one is obtained ( though the former might be `` practically perfect '' in many cases ) . For an arbitrary finite-energy signal the frequency localization is performed by a prefilter realizing a crosscorrelation with a function of prescribed properties . The range of the filter , the so-called localization space , is described in some detail . Regular sampling is applied and a reconstruction formula is given . For the reconstruction error a general error estimate is derived and connections between a critical sampling interval and notions of `` soft bandwidth '' for the prefilter are indicated . Examples based on the sinc-function , Gaussian functions and B-splines are discussed .
0707.0336	cs.CE	Pricing Options on Defaultable Stocks	In this note , we develop stock option price approximations for a model which takes both the risk o default and the stochastic volatility into account . We also let the intensity of defaults be influenced by the volatility . We show that it might be possible to infer the risk neutral default intensity from the stock option prices . Our option price approximation has a rich implied volatility surface structure and fits the data implied volatility well . Our calibration exercise shows that an effective hazard rate from bonds issued by a company can be used to explain the implied volatility skew of the implied volatility of the option prices issued by the same company .
