0704.1694	cs.CC math.NT	Locally Decodable Codes From Nice Subsets of Finite Fields and Prime Factors of Mersenne Numbers	A k-query Locally Decodable Code ( LDC ) encodes an n-bit message x as an N-bit codeword C ( x ) , such that one can probabilistically recover any bit x_i of the message by querying only k bits of the codeword C ( x ) , even after some constant fraction of codeword bits has been corrupted . The major goal of LDC related research is to establish the optimal trade-off between length and query complexity of such codes . Recently [ Y ] introduced a novel technique for constructing locally decodable codes and vastly improved the upper bounds for code length . The technique is based on Mersenne primes . In this paper we extend the work of [ Y ] and argue that further progress via these methods is tied to progress on an old number theory question regarding the size of the largest prime factors of Mersenne numbers . Specifically , we show that every Mersenne number m=2^t-1 that has a prime factor p > m^\gamma yields a family of k ( \gamma ) -query locally decodable codes of length Exp ( n^ { 1/t } ) . Conversely , if for some fixed k and all \epsilon > 0 one can use the technique of [ Y ] to obtain a family of k-query LDCs of length Exp ( n^\epsilon ) ; then infinitely many Mersenne numbers have prime factors arger than known currently .
0704.1707	cs.LO	A Cut-free Sequent Calculus for Bi-Intuitionistic Logic : Extended Version	Bi-intuitionistic logic is the extension of intuitionistic logic with a connective dual to implication . Bi-intuitionistic logic was introduced by Rauszer as a Hilbert calculus with algebraic and Kripke semantics . But her subsequent `` cut-free '' sequent calculus for BiInt has recently been shown by Uustalu to fail cut-elimination . We present a new cut-free sequent calculus for BiInt , and prove it sound and complete with respect to its Kripke semantics . Ensuring completeness is complicated by the interaction between implication and its dual , similarly to future and past modalities in tense logic . Our calculus handles this interaction using extended sequents which pass information from premises to conclusions using variables instantiated at the leaves of failed derivation trees . Our simple termination argument allows our calculus to be used for automated deduction , although this is not its main purpose .
0704.1751	cs.IT math.IT	Information Theoretic Proofs of Entropy Power Inequalities	While most useful information theoretic inequalities can be deduced from the basic properties of entropy or mutual information , up to now Shannon 's entropy power inequality ( EPI ) is an exception : Existing information theoretic proofs of the EPI hinge on representations of differential entropy using either Fisher information or minimum mean-square error ( MMSE ) , which are derived from de Bruijn 's identity . In this paper , we first present an unified view of these proofs , showing that they share two essential ingredients : 1 ) a data processing argument applied to a covariance-preserving linear transformation ; 2 ) an integration over a path of a continuous Gaussian perturbation . Using these ingredients , we develop a new and brief proof of the EPI through a mutual information inequality , which replaces Stam and Blachman 's Fisher information inequality ( FII ) and an inequality for MMSE by Guo , Shamai and Verd\'u used in earlier proofs . The result has the advantage of being very simple in that it relies only on the basic properties of mutual information . These ideas are then generalized to various extended versions of the EPI : Zamir and Feder's generalized EPI for linear transformations of the random variables , Takano and Johnson 's EPI for dependent variables , Liu and Viswanath's covariance-constrained EPI , and Costa 's concavity inequality for the entropy power .
0704.1756	cs.SC gr-qc hep-th	The Invar Tensor Package	The Invar package is introduced , a fast manipulator of generic scalar polynomial expressions formed from the Riemann tensor of a four-dimensional metric-compatible connection . The package can maximally simplify any polynomial containing tensor products of up to seven Riemann tensors within seconds . It has been implemented both in Mathematica and Maple algebraic systems .
0704.1768	cs.CE cs.GT	Assessment and Propagation of Input Uncertainty in Tree-based Option Pricing Models	This paper aims to provide a practical example on the assessment and propagation of input uncertainty for option pricing when using tree-based methods . Input uncertainty is propagated into output uncertainty , reflecting that option prices are as unknown as the inputs they are based on . Option pricing formulas are tools whose validity is conditional not only on how close the model represents reality , but also on the quality of the inputs they use , and those inputs are usually not observable . We provide three alternative frameworks to calibrate option pricing tree models , propagating parameter uncertainty into the resulting option prices . We finally compare our methods with classical calibration-based results assuming that there is no options market established . These methods can be applied to pricing of instruments for which there is not an options market , as well as a methodological tool to account for parameter and model uncertainty in theoretical option pricing .
0704.1783	cs.LO cs.AI cs.NI	Unicast and Multicast Qos Routing with Soft Constraint Logic Programming	We present a formal model to represent and solve the unicast/multicast routing problem in networks with Quality of Service ( QoS ) requirements . To attain this , first we translate the network adapting it to a weighted graph ( unicast ) or and-or graph ( multicast ) , where the weight on a connector corresponds to the multidimensional cost of sending a packet on the related network link : each component of the weights vector represents a different QoS metric value ( e.g . bandwidth , cost , delay , packet loss ) . The second step consists in writing this graph as a program in Soft Constraint Logic Programming ( SCLP ) : the engine of this framework is then able to find the best paths/trees by optimizing their costs and solving the constraints imposed on them ( e.g . delay < 40msec ) , thus finding a solution to QoS routing problems . Moreover , c-semiring structures are a convenient tool to model QoS metrics . At last , we provide an implementation of the framework over scale-free networks and we suggest how the performance can be improved .
0704.1818	cs.IT math.IT	Low-density graph codes that are optimal for source/channel coding and binning	We describe and analyze the joint source/channel coding properties of a class of sparse graphical codes based on compounding a low-density generator matrix ( LDGM ) code with a low-density parity check ( LDPC ) code . Our first pair of theorems establish that there exist codes from this ensemble , with all degrees remaining bounded independently of block length , that are simultaneously optimal as both source and channel codes when encoding and decoding are performed optimally . More precisely , in the context of lossy compression , we prove that finite degree constructions can achieve any pair $ ( R , D ) $ on the rate-distortion curve of the binary symmetric source . In the context of channel coding , we prove that finite degree codes can achieve any pair $ ( C , p ) $ on the capacity-noise curve of the binary symmetric channel . Next , we show that our compound construction has a nested structure that can be exploited to achieve the Wyner-Ziv bound for source coding with side information ( SCSI ) , as well as the Gelfand-Pinsker bound for channel coding with side information ( CCSI ) . Although the current results are based on optimal encoding and decoding , the proposed graphical codes have sparse structure and high girth that renders them well-suited to message-passing and other efficient decoding procedures .
0704.1829	cs.DM	On-line Chain Partitions of Up-growing Semi-orders	On-line chain partition is a two-player game between Spoiler and Algorithm . Spoiler presents a partially ordered set , point by point . Algorithm assigns incoming points ( immediately and irrevocably ) to the chains which constitute a chain partition of the order . The value of the game for orders of width $ w $ is a minimum number $ \fVal ( w ) $ such that Algorithm has a strategy using at most $ \fVal ( w ) $ chains on orders of width at most $ w $ . We analyze the chain partition game for up-growing semi-orders . Surprisingly , the golden ratio comes into play and the value of the game is $ \lfloor\frac { 1+\sqrt { 5 } } { 2 } \ ; w \rfloor $ .
0704.1833	cs.NI	Analysis of the 802.11e Enhanced Distributed Channel Access Function	The IEEE 802.11e standard revises the Medium Access Control ( MAC ) layer of the former IEEE 802.11 standard for Quality-of-Service ( QoS ) provision in the Wireless Local Area Networks ( WLANs ) . The Enhanced Distributed Channel Access ( EDCA ) function of 802.11e defines multiple Access Categories ( AC ) with AC-specific Contention Window ( CW ) sizes , Arbitration Interframe Space ( AIFS ) values , and Transmit Opportunity ( TXOP ) limits to support MAC-level QoS and prioritization . We propose an analytical model for the EDCA function which incorporates an accurate CW , AIFS , and TXOP differentiation at any traffic load . The proposed model is also shown to capture the effect of MAC layer buffer size on the performance . Analytical and simulation results are compared to demonstrate the accuracy of the proposed approach for varying traffic loads , EDCA parameters , and MAC layer buffer space .
0704.1838	cs.OH	Performance Analysis of the IEEE 802.11e Enhanced Distributed Coordination Function using Cycle Time Approach	The recently ratified IEEE 802.11e standard defines the Enhanced Distributed Channel Access ( EDCA ) function for Quality-of-Service ( QoS ) provisioning in the Wireless Local Area Networks ( WLANs ) . The EDCA uses Carrier Sense Multiple Access with Collision Avoidance ( CSMA/CA ) and slotted Binary Exponential Backoff ( BEB ) mechanism . We present a simple mathematical analysis framework for the EDCA function . Our analysis considers the fact that the distributed random access systems exhibit cyclic behavior where each station successfully transmits a packet in a cycle . Our analysis shows that an AC-specific cycle time exists for the EDCA function . Validating the theoretical results via simulations , we show that the proposed analysis accurately captures EDCA saturation performance in terms of average throughput , medium access delay , and packet loss ratio . The cycle time analysis is a simple and insightful substitute for previously proposed more complex EDCA models .
0704.1842	cs.OH	Fairness Provision in the IEEE 802.11e Infrastructure Basic Service Set	Most of the deployed IEEE 802.11e Wireless Local Area Networks ( WLANs ) use infrastructure Basic Service Set ( BSS ) in which an Access Point ( AP ) serves as a gateway between wired and wireless domains . We present the unfairness problem between the uplink and the downlink flows of any Access Category ( AC ) in the 802.11e Enhanced Distributed Channel Access ( EDCA ) when the default settings of the EDCA parameters are used . We propose a simple analytical model to calculate the EDCA parameter settings that achieve weighted fair resource allocation for all uplink and downlink flows . We also propose a simple model-assisted measurement-based dynamic EDCA parameter adaptation algorithm . Moreover , our dynamic solution addresses the differences in the transport layer and the Medium Access Control ( MAC ) layer interactions of User Datagram Protocol ( UDP ) and Transmission Control Protocol ( TCP ) . We show that proposed Contention Window ( CW ) and Transmit Opportunity ( TXOP ) limit adaptation at the AP provides fair UDP and TCP access between uplink and downlink flows of the same AC while preserving prioritization among ACs .
