0711.4902	cs.DS cond-mat.stat-mech cs.AI	Circumspect descent prevails in solving random constraint satisfaction problems	We study the performance of stochastic local search algorithms for random instances of the $ K $ -satisfiability ( $ K $ -SAT ) problem . We introduce a new stochastic local search algorithm , ChainSAT , which moves in the energy landscape of a problem instance by { \em never going upwards } in energy . ChainSAT is a \emph { focused } algorithm in the sense that it considers only variables occurring in unsatisfied clauses . We show by extensive numerical investigations that ChainSAT and other focused algorithms solve large $ K $ -SAT instances almost surely in linear time , up to high clause-to-variable ratios $ \alpha $ ; for example , for K=4 we observe linear-time performance well beyond the recently postulated clustering and condensation transitions in the solution space . The performance of ChainSAT is a surprise given that by design the algorithm gets trapped into the first local energy minimum it encounters , yet no such minima are encountered . We also study the geometry of the solution space as accessed by stochastic local search algorithms .
0711.4924	cs.GT cs.CC cs.MA	Nonuniform Bribery	We study the concept of bribery in the situation where voters are willing to change their votes as we ask them , but where their prices depend on the nature of the change we request . Our model is an extension of the one of Faliszewski et al . [ FHH06 ] , where each voter has a single price for any change we may ask for . We show polynomial-time algorithms for our version of bribery for a broad range of voting protocols , including plurality , veto , approval , and utility based voting . In addition to our polynomial-time algorithms we provide NP-completeness results for a couple of our nonuniform bribery problems for weighted voters , and a couple of approximation algorithms for NP-complete bribery problems defined in [ FHH06 ] ( in particular , an FPTAS for plurality-weighted- $ bribery problem ) .
0711.4944	cs.OH	Development of miniaturized light endoscope-holder robot for laparoscopic surgery	PURPOSE : We have conducted experiments with an innovatively designed robot endoscope holder for laparoscopic surgery that is small and low cost . MATERIALS AND METHODS : A compact light endoscope robot ( LER ) that is placed on the patient 's skin and can be used with the patient in the lateral or dorsal supine position was tested on cadavers and laboratory pigs in order to allow successive modifications . The current control system is based on voice recognition . The range of vision is 360 degrees with an angle of 160 degrees . Twenty-three procedures were performed . RESULTS : The tests made it possible to advance the prototype on a variety of aspects , including reliability , steadiness , ergonomics , and dimensions . The ease of installation of the robot , which takes only 5 minutes , and the easy handling made it possible for 21 of the 23 procedures to be performed without an assistant . CONCLUSION : The LER is a camera holder guided by the surgeon 's voice that can eliminate the need for an assistant during laparoscopic surgery . The ease of installation and manufacture should make it an effective and inexpensive system for use on patients in the lateral and dorsal supine positions . Randomized clinical trials will soon validate a new version of this robot prior to marketing .
0711.4990	cs.DM cs.DS	Finding the growth rate of a regular language in polynomial time	We give an O ( n^3+n^2 t ) time algorithm to determine whether an NFA with n states and t transitions accepts a language of polynomial or exponential growth . We also show that given a DFA accepting a language of polynomial growth , we can determine the order of polynomial growth in quadratic time .
0712.0035	cs.NI	On Myopic Sensing for Multi-Channel Opportunistic Access : Structure , Optimality , and Performance	We consider a multi-channel opportunistic communication system where the states of these channels evolve as independent and statistically identical Markov chains ( the Gilbert-Elliot channel model ) . A user chooses one channel to sense and access in each slot and collects a reward determined by the state of the chosen channel . The problem is to design a sensing policy for channel selection to maximize the average reward , which can be formulated as a multi-arm restless bandit process . In this paper , we study the structure , optimality , and performance of the myopic sensing policy . We show that the myopic sensing policy has a simple robust structure that reduces channel selection to a round-robin procedure and obviates the need for knowing the channel transition probabilities . The optimality of this simple policy is established for the two-channel case and conjectured for the general case based on numerical results . The performance of the myopic sensing policy is analyzed , which , based on the optimality of myopic sensing , characterizes the maximum throughput of a multi-channel opportunistic communication system and its scaling behavior with respect to the number of channels . These results apply to cognitive radio networks , opportunistic transmission in fading environments , and resource-constrained jamming and anti-jamming .
0712.0042	cs.IT math.IT	On the Mutual Information Distribution of OFDM-Based Spatial Multiplexing : Exact Variance and Outage Approximation	This paper considers the distribution of the mutual information of frequency-selective spatially-uncorrelated Rayleigh fading MIMO channels . Results are presented for OFDM-based spatial multiplexing . New exact closed-form expressions are derived for the variance of the mutual information . In contrast to previous results , our new expressions apply for systems with both arbitrary numbers of antennas and arbitrary-length channels . Simplified expressions are also presented for high and low SNR regimes . The analytical variance results are used to provide accurate analytical approximations for the distribution of the mutual information and the outage capacity .
