0709.2525	cs.DM	H-Decompositions	We show that for all graphs H of size n , the complete graph $ K_ { 2n+1 } $ has an $ H $ -decomposition .
0709.2562	cs.IR cs.CY cs.DL cs.DS physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	When are recommender systems useful ?	Recommender systems are crucial tools to overcome the information overload brought about by the Internet . Rigorous tests are needed to establish to what extent sophisticated methods can improve the quality of the predictions . Here we analyse a refined correlation-based collaborative filtering algorithm and compare it with a novel spectral method for recommending . We test them on two databases that bear different statistical properties ( MovieLens and Jester ) without filtering out the less active users and ordering the opinions in time , whenever possible . We find that , when the distribution of user-user correlations is narrow , simple averages work nearly as well as advanced methods . Recommender systems can , on the other hand , exploit a great deal of additional information in systems where external influence is negligible and peoples ' tastes emerge entirely . These findings are validated by simulations with artificially generated data .
0709.2598	cs.IT math.CO math.IT	On the 3/4-Conjecture for Fix-Free Codes -- A Survey	In this survey we concern ourself with the question , wether there exists a fix-free code for a given sequence of codeword lengths . For a given alphabet , we obtain the { \em Kraftsum } of a code , if we divide for every length the number of codewords of this length in the code by the total number of all possible words of this length and then take summation over all codeword lengths which appears in the code . The same way the Kraftsum of a lengths sequence $ ( l_1 , ... , l_n ) $ is given by $ \sum_ { i=1 } ^n q^ { -l_i } $ , where $ q $ is the numbers of letters in the alphabet . Kraft and McMillan have shown in \cite { kraft } ( 1956 ) , that there exists a prefix-free code with codeword lengths of a certain lengths sequence , if the Kraftsum of the lengths sequence is smaller than or equal to one . Furthermore they have shown , that the converse also holds for all ( uniquely decipherable ) codes.\footnote { In this survey a code means a set of words , such that any message which is encoded with these words can be uniquely decoded . Therefore we omit in future the `` uniquely decipherable '' and write only `` code '' . } The question rises , if Kraft 's and McMillan 's result can be generalized to other types of codes ? Throughout , we try to give an answer on this question for the class of fix-free codes . Since any code has Kraftsum smaller than or equal to one , this answers the question for the second implication of Kraft-McMillan 's theorem . Therefore we pay attention mainly to the first implication .
0709.2618	cs.NI	On Frequency Optimisation for Power Saving in WSNs : Finding Optimum Hardware Timers Frequencies	Wireless Sensor Networks research and demand are now in full expansion , since people came to understand these are the key to a large number of issues in industry , commerce , home automation , healthcare , agriculture and environment , monitoring , public safety etc . One of the most challenging research problems in sensor networks research is power awareness and power-saving techniques . In this master 's thesis , we have studied one particular power-saving technique , i.e . frequency scaling . In particular , we analysed the close relationship between clock frequencies in a microcontroller and several types of constraints imposed on these frequencies , e.g . by other components of the microcontroller , by protocol specifications , by external factors etc . Among these constraints , we were especially interested in the ones imposed by the timer service and by the serial ports ' transmission rates . Our efforts resulted in a microcontroller configuration management tool which aims at assisting application programmers in choosing microcontroller configurations , in function of the particular needs and constraints of their application .
0709.2635	cs.DC	Non-Blocking Signature of very large SOAP Messages	Data transfer and staging services are common components in Grid-based , or more generally , in service-oriented applications . Security mechanisms play a central role in such services , especially when they are deployed in sensitive application fields like e-health . The adoption of WS-Security and related standards to SOAP-based transfer services is , however , problematic as a straightforward adoption of SOAP with MTOM introduces considerable inefficiencies in the signature generation process when large data sets are involved . This paper proposes a non-blocking , signature generation approach enabling a stream-like processing with considerable performance enhancements .
0709.2689	cs.DM	An algorithm for solving the Independent Set problem	This paper has been withdrawn by the author , due an error in claim 1 .
0709.2721	cs.GT	Pricing , Competition , and Routing for Selfish and Strategic Nodes in Multi-hop Relay Networks	We study a pricing game in multi-hop relay networks where nodes price their services and route their traffic selfishly and strategically . In this game , each node ( 1 ) announces pricing functions which specify the payments it demands from its respective customers depending on the amount of traffic they route to it and ( 2 ) allocates the total traffic it receives to its service providers . The profit of a node is the difference between the revenue earned from servicing others and the cost of using others ' services . We show that the socially optimal routing of such a game can always be induced by an equilibrium where no node can increase its profit by unilaterally changing its pricing functions or routing decision . On the other hand , there may also exist inefficient equilibria . We characterize the loss of efficiency by deriving the price of anarchy at inefficient equilibria . We show that the price of anarchy is finite for oligopolies with concave marginal cost functions , while it is infinite for general topologies and cost functions .
