0707.1364	cs.CC	Report on Generic Case Complexity	This article is a short introduction to generic case complexity , which is a recently developed way of measuring the difficulty of a computational problem while ignoring atypical behavior on a small set of inputs . Generic case complexity applies to both recursively solvable and recursively unsolvable problems .
0707.1372	cs.LO	Computability Closure : Ten Years Later	The notion of computability closure has been introduced for proving the termination of higher-order rewriting with first-order matching by Jean-Pierre Jouannaud and Mitsuhiro Okada in a 1997 draft which later served as a basis for the author 's PhD . In this paper , we show how this notion can also be used for dealing with beta-normalized rewriting with matching modulo beta-eta ( on patterns \`a la Miller ) , rewriting with matching modulo some equational theory , and higher-order data types ( types with constructors having functional recursive arguments ) . Finally , we show how the computability closure can easily be turned into a reduction ordering which , in the higher-order case , contains Jean-Pierre Jouannaud and Albert Rubio 's higher-order recursive path ordering and , in the first-order case , is equal to the usual first-order recursive path ordering .
0707.1452	cs.AI cs.LG	Clusters , Graphs , and Networks for Analysing Internet-Web-Supported Communication within a Virtual Community	The proposal is to use clusters , graphs and networks as models in order to analyse the Web structure . Clusters , graphs and networks provide knowledge representation and organization . Clusters were generated by co-site analysis . The sample is a set of academic Web sites from the countries belonging to the European Union . These clusters are here revisited from the point of view of graph theory and social network analysis . This is a quantitative and structural analysis . In fact , the Internet is a computer network that connects people and organizations . Thus we may consider it to be a social network . The set of Web academic sites represents an empirical social network , and is viewed as a virtual community . The network structural properties are here analysed applying together cluster analysis , graph theory and social network analysis .
0707.1470	cs.IT math.IT	Secrecy Capacity Region of Fading Broadcast Channels	The fading broadcast channel with confidential messages ( BCC ) is investigated , where a source node has common information for two receivers ( receivers 1 and 2 ) , and has confidential information intended only for receiver 1 . The confidential information needs to be kept as secret as possible from receiver 2 . The channel state information ( CSI ) is assumed to be known at both the transmitter and the receivers . The secrecy capacity region is first established for the parallel Gaussian BCC , and the optimal source power allocations that achieve the boundary of the secrecy capacity region are derived . In particular , the secrecy capacity region is established for the Gaussian case of the Csiszar-Korner BCC model . The secrecy capacity results are then applied to give the ergodic secrecy capacity region for the fading BCC .
0707.1480	cs.HC	IRVO : an Interaction Model for designing Collaborative Mixed Reality systems	This paper presents an interaction model adapted to mixed reality environments known as IRVO ( Interacting with Real and Virtual Objects ) . IRVO aims at modeling the interaction between one or more users and the Mixed Reality system by representing explicitly the objects and tools involved and their relationship . IRVO covers the design phase of the life cycle and models the intended use of the system . In a first part , we present a brief review of related HCI models . The second part is devoted to the IRVO model , its notation and some examples . In the third part , we present how IRVO is used for designing applications and in particular we show how this model can be integrated in a Model-Based Approach ( CoCSys ) which is currently designed at our lab .
0707.1515	cs.NA cs.CG	Properties of polynomial bases used in a line-surface intersection algorithm	In [ 5 ] , Srijuntongsiri and Vavasis propose the `` Kantorovich-Test Subdivision algorithm '' , or KTS , which is an algorithm for finding all zeros of a polynomial system in a bounded region of the plane . This algorithm can be used to find the intersections between a line and a surface . The main features of KTS are that it can operate on polynomials represented in any basis that satisfies certain conditions and that its efficiency has an upper bound that depends only on the conditioning of the problem and the choice of the basis representing the polynomial system . This article explores in detail the dependence of the efficiency of the KTS algorithm on the choice of basis . Three bases are considered : the power , the Bernstein , and the Chebyshev bases . These three bases satisfy the basis properties required by KTS . Theoretically , Chebyshev case has the smallest upper bound on its running time . The computational results , however , do not show that Chebyshev case performs better than the other two .
0707.1532	cs.DS cs.DM	Sorting and Selection in Posets	Classical problems of sorting and searching assume an underlying linear ordering of the objects being compared . In this paper , we study a more general setting , in which some pairs of objects are incomparable . This generalization is relevant in applications related to rankings in sports , college admissions , or conference submissions . It also has potential applications in biology , such as comparing the evolutionary fitness of different strains of bacteria , or understanding input-output relations among a set of metabolic reactions or the causal influences among a set of interacting genes or proteins . Our results improve and extend results from two decades ago of Faigle and Tur\ ' { a } n. A measure of complexity of a partially ordered set ( poset ) is its width . Our algorithms obtain information about a poset by queries that compare two elements . We present an algorithm that sorts , i.e . completely identifies , a width w poset of size n and has query complexity O ( wn + nlog ( n ) ) , which is within a constant factor of the information-theoretic lower bound . We also show that a variant of Mergesort has query complexity O ( wn ( log ( n/w ) ) ) and total complexity O ( ( w^2 ) nlog ( n/w ) ) . Faigle and Tur\ ' { a } n have shown that the sorting problem has query complexity O ( wn ( log ( n/w ) ) ) but did not address its total complexity . For the related problem of determining the minimal elements of a poset , we give efficient deterministic and randomized algorithms with O ( wn ) query and total complexity , along with matching lower bounds for the query complexity up to a factor of 2 . We generalize these results to the k-selection problem of determining the elements of height at most k. We also derive upper bounds on the total complexity of some other problems of a similar flavor .
0707.1534	cs.DB	An Architecture Framework for Complex Data Warehouses	Nowadays , many decision support applications need to exploit data that are not only numerical or symbolic , but also multimedia , multistructure , multisource , multimodal , and/or multiversion . We term such data complex data . Managing and analyzing complex data involves a lot of different issues regarding their structure , storage and processing , and metadata are a key element in all these processes . Such problems have been addressed by classical data warehousing ( i.e. , applied to `` simple '' data ) . However , data warehousing approaches need to be adapted for complex data . In this paper , we first propose a precise , though open , definition of complex data . Then we present a general architecture framework for warehousing complex data . This architecture heavily relies on metadata and domain-related knowledge , and rests on the XML language , which helps storing data , metadata and domain-specific knowledge altogether , and facilitates communication between the various warehousing processes .
0707.1548	cs.DB	Data Mining-based Materialized View and Index Selection in Data Warehouses	Materialized views and indexes are physical structures for accelerating data access that are casually used in data warehouses . However , these data structures generate some maintenance overhead . They also share the same storage space . Most existing studies about materialized view and index selection consider these structures separately . In this paper , we adopt the opposite stance and couple materialized view and index selection to take view-index interactions into account and achieve efficient storage space sharing . Candidate materialized views and indexes are selected through a data mining process . We also exploit cost models that evaluate the respective benefit of indexing and view materialization , and help select a relevant configuration of indexes and materialized views among the candidates . Experimental results show that our strategy performs better than an independent selection of materialized views and indexes .
