0704.0858	cs.CR	Lessons Learned from the deployment of a high-interaction honeypot	This paper presents an experimental study and the lessons learned from the observation of the attackers when logged on a compromised machine . The results are based on a six months period during which a controlled experiment has been run with a high interaction honeypot . We correlate our findings with those obtained with a worldwide distributed system of lowinteraction honeypots .
0704.0860	cs.PF	Availability assessment of SunOS/Solaris Unix Systems based on Syslogd and wtmpx logfiles : a case study	This paper presents a measurement-based availability assessment study using field data collected during a 4-year period from 373 SunOS/Solaris Unix workstations and servers interconnected through a local area network . We focus on the estimation of machine uptimes , downtimes and availability based on the identification of failures that caused total service loss . Data corresponds to syslogd event logs that contain a large amount of information about the normal activity of the studied systems as well as their behavior in the presence of failures . It is widely recognized that the information contained in such event logs might be incomplete or imperfect . The solution investigated in this paper to address this problem is based on the use of auxiliary sources of data obtained from wtmpx files maintained by the SunOS/Solaris Unix operating system . The results obtained suggest that the combined use of wtmpx and syslogd log files provides more complete information on the state of the target systems that is useful to provide availability estimations that better reflect reality .
0704.0861	cs.PF cs.CR	Empirical analysis and statistical modeling of attack processes based on honeypots	Honeypots are more and more used to collect data on malicious activities on the Internet and to better understand the strategies and techniques used by attackers to compromise target systems . Analysis and modeling methodologies are needed to support the characterization of attack processes based on the data collected from the honeypots . This paper presents some empirical analyses based on the data collected from the Leurr { \'e } .com honeypot platforms deployed on the Internet and presents some preliminary modeling studies aimed at fulfilling such objectives .
0704.0865	cs.PF cs.SE	An architecture-based dependability modeling framework using AADL	For efficiency reasons , the software system designers ' will is to use an integrated set of methods and tools to describe specifications and designs , and also to perform analyses such as dependability , schedulability and performance . AADL ( Architecture Analysis and Design Language ) has proved to be efficient for software architecture modeling . In addition , AADL was designed to accommodate several types of analyses . This paper presents an iterative dependency-driven approach for dependability modeling using AADL . It is illustrated on a small example . This approach is part of a complete framework that allows the generation of dependability analysis and evaluation models from AADL models to support the analysis of software and system architectures , in critical application domains .
0704.0879	cs.PF	A Hierarchical Approach for Dependability Analysis of a Commercial Cache-Based RAID Storage Architecture	We present a hierarchical simulation approach for the dependability analysis and evaluation of a highly available commercial cache-based RAID storage system . The archi-tecture is complex and includes several layers of overlap-ping error detection and recovery mechanisms . Three ab-straction levels have been developed to model the cache architecture , cache operations , and error detection and recovery mechanism . The impact of faults and errors oc-curring in the cache and in the disks is analyzed at each level of the hierarchy . A simulation submodel is associated with each abstraction level . The models have been devel-oped using DEPEND , a simulation-based environment for system-level dependability analysis , which provides facili-ties to inject faults into a functional behavior model , to simulate error detection and recovery mechanisms , and to evaluate quantitative measures . Several fault models are defined for each submodel to simulate cache component failures , disk failures , transmission errors , and data errors in the cache memory and in the disks . Some of the parame-ters characterizing fault injection in a given submodel cor-respond to probabilities evaluated from the simulation of the lower-level submodel . Based on the proposed method-ology , we evaluate and analyze 1 ) the system behavior un-der a real workload and high error rate ( focusing on error bursts ) , 2 ) the coverage of the error detection mechanisms implemented in the system and the error latency distribu-tions , and 3 ) the accumulation of errors in the cache and in the disks .
0704.0954	cs.IT cs.LG math.IT	Sensor Networks with Random Links : Topology Design for Distributed Consensus	In a sensor network , in practice , the communication among sensors is subject to : ( 1 ) errors or failures at random times ; ( 3 ) costs ; and ( 2 ) constraints since sensors and networks operate under scarce resources , such as power , data rate , or communication . The signal-to-noise ratio ( SNR ) is usually a main factor in determining the probability of error ( or of communication failure ) in a link . These probabilities are then a proxy for the SNR under which the links operate . The paper studies the problem of designing the topology , i.e. , assigning the probabilities of reliable communication among sensors ( or of link failures ) to maximize the rate of convergence of average consensus , when the link communication costs are taken into account , and there is an overall communication budget constraint . To consider this problem , we address a number of preliminary issues : ( 1 ) model the network as a random topology ; ( 2 ) establish necessary and sufficient conditions for mean square sense ( mss ) and almost sure ( a.s. ) convergence of average consensus when network links fail ; and , in particular , ( 3 ) show that a necessary and sufficient condition for both mss and a.s. convergence is for the algebraic connectivity of the mean graph describing the network topology to be strictly positive . With these results , we formulate topology design , subject to random link failures and to a communication cost constraint , as a constrained convex optimization problem to which we apply semidefinite programming techniques . We show by an extensive numerical study that the optimal design improves significantly the convergence speed of the consensus algorithm and can achieve the asymptotic performance of a non-random network at a fraction of the communication cost .
0704.0967	cs.IT cs.AR math.IT	Cross-Layer Optimization of MIMO-Based Mesh Networks with Gaussian Vector Broadcast Channels	MIMO technology is one of the most significant advances in the past decade to increase channel capacity and has a great potential to improve network capacity for mesh networks . In a MIMO-based mesh network , the links outgoing from each node sharing the common communication spectrum can be modeled as a Gaussian vector broadcast channel . Recently , researchers showed that `` dirty paper coding '' ( DPC ) is the optimal transmission strategy for Gaussian vector broadcast channels . So far , there has been little study on how this fundamental result will impact the cross-layer design for MIMO-based mesh networks . To fill this gap , we consider the problem of jointly optimizing DPC power allocation in the link layer at each node and multihop/multipath routing in a MIMO-based mesh networks . It turns out that this optimization problem is a very challenging non-convex problem . To address this difficulty , we transform the original problem to an equivalent problem by exploiting the channel duality . For the transformed problem , we develop an efficient solution procedure that integrates Lagrangian dual decomposition method , conjugate gradient projection method based on matrix differential calculus , cutting-plane method , and subgradient method . In our numerical example , it is shown that we can achieve a network performance gain of 34.4 % by using DPC .
0704.1827	cs.DC	Transaction-Oriented Simulation In Ad Hoc Grids	This paper analyses the possibilities of performing parallel transaction-oriented simulations with a special focus on the space-parallel approach and discrete event simulation synchronisation algorithms that are suitable for transaction-oriented simulation and the target environment of Ad Hoc Grids . To demonstrate the findings a Java-based parallel transaction-oriented simulator for the simulation language GPSS/H is implemented on the basis of the promising Shock Resistant Time Warp synchronisation algorithm and using the Grid framework ProActive . The validation of this parallel simulator shows that the Shock Resistant Time Warp algorithm can successfully reduce the number of rolled back Transaction moves but it also reveals circumstances in which the Shock Resistant Time Warp algorithm can be outperformed by the normal Time Warp algorithm . The conclusion of this paper suggests possible improvements to the Shock Resistant Time Warp algorithm to avoid such problems .
