0710.5582	cs.GT cs.CC cs.DM	Computing Equilibria in Anonymous Games	We present efficient approximation algorithms for finding Nash equilibria in anonymous games , that is , games in which the players utilities , though different , do not differentiate between other players . Our results pertain to such games with many players but few strategies . We show that any such game has an approximate pure Nash equilibrium , computable in polynomial time , with approximation O ( s^2 L ) , where s is the number of strategies and L is the Lipschitz constant of the utilities . Finally , we show that there is a PTAS for finding an epsilon
0710.5640	cs.IT math.IT	LDPC-Based Iterative Algorithm for Compression of Correlated Sources at Rates Approaching the Slepian-Wolf Bound	This article proposes a novel iterative algorithm based on Low Density Parity Check ( LDPC ) codes for compression of correlated sources at rates approaching the Slepian-Wolf bound . The setup considered in the article looks at the problem of compressing one source at a rate determined based on the knowledge of the mean source correlation at the encoder , and employing the other correlated source as side information at the decoder which decompresses the first source based on the estimates of the actual correlation . We demonstrate that depending on the extent of the actual source correlation estimated through an iterative paradigm , significant compression can be obtained relative to the case the decoder does not use the implicit knowledge of the existence of correlation .
0710.5659	cs.LO	Model Checking Synchronized Products of Infinite Transition Systems	Formal verification using the model checking paradigm has to deal with two aspects : The system models are structured , often as products of components , and the specification logic has to be expressive enough to allow the formalization of reachability properties . The present paper is a study on what can be achieved for infinite transition systems under these premises . As models we consider products of infinite transition systems with different synchronization constraints . We introduce finitely synchronized transition systems , i.e . product systems which contain only finitely many ( parameterized ) synchronized transitions , and show that the decidability of FO ( R ) , first-order logic extended by reachability predicates , of the product system can be reduced to the decidability of FO ( R ) of the components . This result is optimal in the following sense : ( 1 ) If we allow semifinite synchronization , i.e . just in one component infinitely many transitions are synchronized , the FO ( R ) -theory of the product system is in general undecidable . ( 2 ) We can not extend the expressive power of the logic under consideration . Already a weak extension of first-order logic with transitive closure , where we restrict the transitive closure operators to arity one and nesting depth two , is undecidable for an asynchronous ( and hence finitely synchronized ) product , namely for the infinite grid .
0710.5674	cs.CR	Key Substitution in the Symbolic Analysis of Cryptographic Protocols ( extended version )	Key substitution vulnerable signature schemes are signature schemes that permit an intruder , given a public verification key and a signed message , to compute a pair of signature and verification keys such that the message appears to be signed with the new signature key . A digital signature scheme is said to be vulnerable to destructive exclusive ownership property ( DEO ) If it is computationaly feasible for an intruder , given a public verification key and a pair of message and its valid signature relatively to the given public key , to compute a pair of signature and verification keys and a new message such that the given signature appears to be valid for the new message relatively to the new verification key . In this paper , we prove decidability of the insecurity problem of cryptographic protocols where the signature schemes employed in the concrete realisation have this two properties .
0710.5697	cs.CY cs.HC	Social Browsing & Information Filtering in Social Media	Social networks are a prominent feature of many social media sites , a new generation of Web sites that allow users to create and share content . Sites such as Digg , Flickr , and Del.icio.us allow users to designate others as '' friends '' or `` contacts '' and provide a single-click interface to track friends' activity . How are these social networks used ? Unlike pure social networking sites ( e.g. , LinkedIn and Facebook ) , which allow users to articulate their online professional and personal relationships , social media sites are not , for the most part , aimed at helping users create or foster online relationships . Instead , we claim that social media users create social networks to express their tastes and interests , and use them to filter the vast stream of new submissions to find interesting content . Social networks , in fact , facilitate new ways of interacting with information : what we call social browsing . Through an extensive analysis of data from Digg and Flickr , we show that social browsing is one of the primary usage modalities on these social media sites . This finding has implications for how social media sites rate and personalize content .
0710.5758	cs.IT math.IT	Grassmannian Beamforming for MIMO Amplify-and-Forward Relaying	In this paper , we derive the optimal transmitter/ receiver beamforming vectors and relay weighting matrix for the multiple-input multiple-output amplify-and-forward relay channel . The analysis is accomplished in two steps . In the first step , the direct link between the transmitter ( Tx ) and receiver ( Rx ) is ignored and we show that the transmitter and the relay should map their signals to the strongest right singular vectors of the Tx-relay and relay-Rx channels . Based on the distributions of these vectors for independent identically distributed ( i.i.d . ) Rayleigh channels , the Grassmannian codebooks are used for quantizing and sending back the channel information to the transmitter and the relay . The simulation results show that even a few number of bits can considerably increase the link reliability in terms of bit error rate . For the second step , the direct link is considered in the problem model and we derive the optimization problem that identifies the optimal Tx beamforming vector . For the i.i.d Rayleigh channels , we show that the solution to this problem is uniformly distributed on the unit sphere and we justify the appropriateness of the Grassmannian codebook ( for determining the optimal beamforming vector ) , both analytically and by simulation . Finally , a modified quantizing scheme is presented which introduces a negligible degradation in the system performance but significantly reduces the required number of feedback bits .
