0709.1308	cs.LO math.LO	Cirquent calculus deepened	Cirquent calculus is a new proof-theoretic and semantic framework , whose main distinguishing feature is being based on circuits , as opposed to the more traditional approaches that deal with tree-like objects such as formulas or sequents . Among its advantages are greater efficiency , flexibility and expressiveness . This paper presents a detailed elaboration of a deep-inference cirquent logic , which is naturally and inherently resource conscious . It shows that classical logic , both syntactically and semantically , is just a special , conservative fragment of this more general and , in a sense , more basic logic -- the logic of resources in the form of cirquent calculus . The reader will find various arguments in favor of switching to the new framework , such as arguments showing the insufficiency of the expressive power of linear logic or other formula-based approaches to developing resource logics , exponential improvements over the traditional approaches in both representational and proof complexities offered by cirquent calculus , and more . Among the main purposes of this paper is to provide an introductory-style starting point for what , as the author wishes to hope , might have a chance to become a new line of research in proof theory -- a proof theory based on circuits instead of formulas .
0709.1401	cs.LO cs.PL	A proof of strong normalisation using domain theory	Ulrich Berger presented a powerful proof of strong normalisation using domains , in particular it simplifies significantly Tait 's proof of strong normalisation of Spector 's bar recursion . The main contribution of this paper is to show that , using ideas from intersection types and Martin-Lof 's domain interpretation of type theory one can in turn simplify further U. Berger's argument . We build a domain model for an untyped programming language where U. Berger has an interpretation only for typed terms or alternatively has an interpretation for untyped terms but need an extra condition to deduce strong normalisation . As a main application , we show that Martin-L\ '' { o } f dependent type theory extended with a program for Spector double negation shift .
0709.1433	cs.DM math.CO	The Rank-Width of Edge-Colored Graphs	Clique-width is a complexity measure of directed as well as undirected graphs . Rank-width is an equivalent complexity measure for undirected graphs and has good algorithmic and structural properties . It is in particular related to the vertex-minor relation . We discuss an extension of the notion of rank-width to edge-colored graphs . A C-colored graph is a graph where the arcs are colored with colors from the set C. There is not a natural notion of rank-width for C-colored graphs . We define two notions of rank-width for them , both based on a coding of C-colored graphs by edge-colored graphs where each edge has exactly one color from a field F and named respectively F-rank-width and F-bi-rank-width . The two notions are equivalent to clique-width . We then present a notion of vertex-minor for F-colored graphs and prove that F-colored graphs of bounded F-rank-width are characterised by a finite list of F-colored graphs to exclude as vertex-minors . A cubic-time algorithm to decide whether a F-colored graph has F-rank-width ( resp . F-bi-rank-width ) at most k , for fixed k , is also given . Graph operations to check MSOL-definable properties on F-colored graphs of bounded rank-width are presented . A specialisation of all these notions to ( directed ) graphs without edge colors is presented , which shows that our results generalise the ones in undirected graphs .
0709.1441	cs.IT math.IT	Information-theoretic analysis of MIMO channel sounding	The large majority of commercially available multiple-input multiple-output ( MIMO ) radio channel measurement devices ( sounders ) is based on time-division multiplexed switching ( TDMS ) of a single transmit/receive radio-frequency chain into the elements of a transmit/receive antenna array . While being cost-effective , such a solution can cause significant measurement errors due to phase noise and frequency offset in the local oscillators . In this paper , we systematically analyze the resulting errors and show that , in practice , overestimation of channel capacity by several hundred percent can occur . Overestimation is caused by phase noise ( and to a lesser extent frequency offset ) leading to an increase of the MIMO channel rank . Our analysis furthermore reveals that the impact of phase errors is , in general , most pronounced if the physical channel has low rank ( typical for line-of-sight or poor scattering scenarios ) . The extreme case of a rank-1 physical channel is analyzed in detail . Finally , we present measurement results obtained from a commercially employed TDMS-based MIMO channel sounder . In the light of the findings of this paper , the results obtained through MIMO channel measurement campaigns using TDMS-based channel sounders should be interpreted with great care .
