0705.1390	cs.CE	Machine and Component Residual Life Estimation through the Application of Neural Networks	This paper concerns the use of neural networks for predicting the residual life of machines and components . In addition , the advantage of using condition-monitoring data to enhance the predictive capability of these neural networks was also investigated . A number of neural network variations were trained and tested with the data of two different reliability-related datasets . The first dataset represents the renewal case where the failed unit is repaired and restored to a good-as-new condition . Data was collected in the laboratory by subjecting a series of similar test pieces to fatigue loading with a hydraulic actuator . The average prediction error of the various neural networks being compared varied from 431 to 841 seconds on this dataset , where test pieces had a characteristic life of 8,971 seconds . The second dataset was collected from a group of pumps used to circulate a water and magnetite solution within a plant . The data therefore originated from a repaired system affected by reliability degradation . When optimized , the multi-layer perceptron neural networks trained with the Levenberg-Marquardt algorithm and the general regression neural network produced a sum-of-squares error within 11.1 % of each other . The potential for using neural networks for residual life prediction and the advantage of incorporating condition-based data into the model were proven for both examples .
0705.1394	cs.RO	The Orthoglide : Kinematics and Workspace Analysis	The paper addresses kinematic and geometrical aspects of the Orthoglide , a three-DOF parallel mechanism . This machine consists of three fixed linear joints , which are mounted orthogonally , three identical legs and a mobile platform , which moves in the Cartesian x-y-z space with fixed orientation . New solutions to solve inverse/direct kinematics are proposed and a detailed workspace analysis is performed taking into account specific joint limit constraints .
0705.1395	cs.HC cs.RO	Subjective Evaluation of Forms in an Immersive Environment	User 's perception of product , by essence subjective , is a major topic in marketing and industrial design . Many methods , based on users ' tests , are used so as to characterise this perception . We are interested in three main methods : multidimensional scaling , semantic differential method , and preference mapping . These methods are used to built a perceptual space , in order to position the new product , to specify requirements by the study of user 's preferences , to evaluate some product attributes , related in particular to style ( aesthetic ) . These early stages of the design are primordial for a good orientation of the project . In parallel , virtual reality tools and interfaces are more and more efficient for suggesting to the user complex feelings , and creating in this way various levels of perceptions . In this article , we present on an example the use of multidimensional scaling , semantic differential method and preference mapping for the subjective assessment of virtual products . These products , which geometrical form is variable , are defined with a CAD model and are proposed to the user with a spacemouse and stereoscopic glasses . Advantages and limitations of such evaluation is next discussed..
0705.1397	cs.RO	Realistic Rendering of Kinetostatic Indices of Mechanisms	The work presented in this paper is related to the use of a haptic device in an environment of robotic simulation . Such device introduces a new approach to feel and to understand the boundaries of the workspace of mechanisms as well as its kinetostatic properties . Indeed , these concepts are abstract and thus often difficult to understand for the end-users . To catch his attention , we propose to amplify the problems of the mechanisms in order to help him to take the good decisions .
0705.1399	cs.RO	A New Concept of Modular Parallel Mechanism for Machining Applications	The subject of this paper is the design of a new concept of modular parallel mechanisms for three , four or five-axis machining applications . Most parallel mechanisms are designed for three- or six-axis machining applications . In the last case , the position and the orientation of the tool are coupled and the shape of the workspace is complex . The aim of this paper is to use a simple parallel mechanism with two-degree-of-freedom ( dof ) for translation motions and to add one or two legs to add one or two-dofs for rotation motions . The kinematics and singular configurations are studied for each mechanism .
0705.1400	cs.RO	A Workspace based Classification of 3R Orthogonal Manipulators	A classification of a family of 3-revolute ( 3R ) positioning manipulators is established . This classification is based on the topology of their workspace . The workspace is characterized in a half-cross section by the singular curves of the manipulator . The workspace topology is defined by the number of cusps and nodes that appear on these singular curves . The design parameters space is shown to be partitioned into nine subspaces of distinct workspace topologies . Each separating surface is given as an explicit expression in the DH-parameters .
0705.1409	cs.RO	Singularity Surfaces and Maximal Singularity-Free Boxes in the Joint Space of Planar 3-RPR Parallel Manipulators	In this paper , a method to compute joint space singularity surfaces of 3-RPR planar parallel manipulators is first presented . Then , a procedure to determine maximal joint space singularity-free boxes is introduced . Numerical examples are given in order to illustrate graphically the results . This study is of high interest for planning trajectories in the joint space of 3-RPR parallel manipulators and for manipulators design as it may constitute a tool for choosing appropriate joint limits and thus for sizing the link lengths of the manipulator .
0705.1410	cs.RO	Kinematics analysis of the parallel module of the VERNE machine	The paper derives the inverse and forward kinematic equations of a spatial three-degree-of-freedom parallel mechanism , which is the parallel module of a hybrid serial-parallel 5-axis machine tool . This parallel mechanism consists of a moving platform that is connected to a fixed base by three non-identical legs . Each leg is made up of one prismatic and two pair spherical joint , which are connected in a way that the combined effects of the three legs lead to an over-constrained mechanism with complex motion . This motion is defined as a simultaneous combination of rotation and translation .
0705.1442	cs.CC	Does P=NP ?	This paper has been withdrawn Abstract : This paper has been withdrawn by the author due to the publication .
0705.1450	cs.RO	An Algorithm for Computing Cusp Points in the Joint Space of 3-RPR Parallel Manipulators	This paper presents an algorithm for detecting and computing the cusp points in the joint space of 3-RPR planar parallel manipulators . In manipulator kinematics , cusp points are special points , which appear on the singular curves of the manipulators . The nonsingular change of assembly mode of 3-RPR parallel manipulators was shown to be associated with the existence of cusp points . At each of these points , three direct kinematic solutions coincide . In the literature , a condition for the existence of three coincident direct kinematic solutions was established , but has never been exploited , because the algebra involved was too complicated to be solved . The algorithm presented in this paper solves this equation and detects all the cusp points in the joint space of these manipulators .
0705.1452	cs.PL	Typer la d\'e-s\'erialisation sans s\'erialiser les types	In this paper , we propose a way of assigning static type information to unmarshalling functions and we describe a verification technique for unmarshalled data that preserves the execution safety provided by static type checking . This technique , whose correctness is proven , relies on singleton types whose values are transmitted to unmarshalling routines at runtime , and on an efficient checking algorithm able to deal with sharing and cycles .
0705.1453	cs.DB	DWEB : A Data Warehouse Engineering Benchmark	Data warehouse architectural choices and optimization techniques are critical to decision support query performance . To facilitate these choices , the performance of the designed data warehouse must be assessed . This is usually done with the help of benchmarks , which can either help system users comparing the performances of different systems , or help system engineers testing the effect of various design choices . While the TPC standard decision support benchmarks address the first point , they are not tuneable enough to address the second one and fail to model different data warehouse schemas . By contrast , our Data Warehouse Engineering Benchmark ( DWEB ) allows to generate various ad-hoc synthetic data warehouses and workloads . DWEB is fully parameterized to fulfill data warehouse design needs . However , two levels of parameterization keep it relatively easy to tune . Finally , DWEB is implemented as a Java free software that can be interfaced with most existing relational database management systems . A sample usage of DWEB is also provided in this paper .
0705.1454	cs.DB	DOEF : A Dynamic Object Evaluation Framework	In object-oriented or object-relational databases such as multimedia databases or most XML databases , access patterns are not static , i.e. , applications do not always access the same objects in the same order repeatedly . However , this has been the way these databases and associated optimisation techniques like clustering have been evaluated up to now . This paper opens up research regarding this issue by proposing a dynamic object evaluation framework ( DOEF ) that accomplishes access pattern change by defining configurable styles of change . This preliminary prototype has been designed to be open and fully extensible . To illustrate the capabilities of DOEF , we used it to compare the performances of four state of the art dynamic clustering algorithms . The results show that DOEF is indeed effective at determining the adaptability of each dynamic clustering algorithm to changes in access pattern .
0705.1455	cs.DB	Decision tree modeling with relational views	Data mining is a useful decision support technique that can be used to discover production rules in warehouses or corporate data . Data mining research has made much effort to apply various mining algorithms efficiently on large databases . However , a serious problem in their practical application is the long processing time of such algorithms . Nowadays , one of the key challenges is to integrate data mining methods within the framework of traditional database systems . Indeed , such implementations can take advantage of the efficiency provided by SQL engines . In this paper , we propose an integrating approach for decision trees within a classical database system . In other words , we try to discover knowledge from relational databases , in the form of production rules , via a procedure embedding SQL queries . The obtained decision tree is defined by successive , related relational views . Each view corresponds to a given population in the underlying decision tree . We selected the classical Induction Decision Tree ( ID3 ) algorithm to build the decision tree . To prove that our implementation of ID3 works properly , we successfully compared the output of our procedure with the output of an existing and validated data mining software , SIPINA . Furthermore , since our approach is tuneable , it can be generalized to any other similar decision tree-based method .
0705.1456	cs.DB	Warehousing Web Data	In a data warehousing process , mastering the data preparation phase allows substantial gains in terms of time and performance when performing multidimensional analysis or using data mining algorithms . Furthermore , a data warehouse can require external data . The web is a prevalent data source in this context . In this paper , we propose a modeling process for integrating diverse and heterogeneous ( so-called multiform ) data into a unified format . Furthermore , the very schema definition provides first-rate metadata in our data warehousing context . At the conceptual level , a complex object is represented in UML . Our logical model is an XML schema that can be described with a DTD or the XML-Schema language . Eventually , we have designed a Java prototype that transforms our multiform input data into XML documents representing our physical model . Then , the XML documents we obtain are mapped into a relational database we view as an ODS ( Operational Data Storage ) , whose content will have to be re-modeled in a multidimensional way to allow its storage in a star schema-based warehouse and , later , its analysis .
0705.1457	cs.DB	Web data modeling for integration in data warehouses	In a data warehousing process , the data preparation phase is crucial . Mastering this phase allows substantial gains in terms of time and performance when performing a multidimensional analysis or using data mining algorithms . Furthermore , a data warehouse can require external data . The web is a prevalent data source in this context , but the data broadcasted on this medium are very heterogeneous . We propose in this paper a UML conceptual model for a complex object representing a superclass of any useful data source ( databases , plain texts , HTML and XML documents , images , sounds , video clips ... ) . The translation into a logical model is achieved with XML , which helps integrating all these diverse , heterogeneous data into a unified format , and whose schema definition provides first-rate metadata in our data warehousing context . Moreover , we benefit from XML 's flexibility , extensibility and from the richness of the semi-structured data model , but we are still able to later map XML documents into a database if more structuring is needed .
0705.1458	cs.PL	Mixing the Objective Caml and C # Programming Models in the .Net Framework	We present a new code generator , called O'Jacare.net , to inter-operate between C # and Objective Caml through their object models . O'Jacare.net defines a basic IDL ( Interface Definition Language ) that describes classes and interfaces in order to communicate between Objective Caml and C # . O'Jacare.net generates all needed wrapper classes and takes advantage of static type checking in both worlds . Although the IDL intersects these two object models , O'Jacare.net allows to combine features from both .
0705.1481	cs.NE	Actin - Technical Report	The Boolean satisfiability problem ( SAT ) can be solved efficiently with variants of the DPLL algorithm . For industrial SAT problems , DPLL with conflict analysis dependent dynamic decision heuristics has proved to be particularly efficient , e.g . in Chaff . In this work , algorithms that initialize the variable activity values in the solver MiniSAT v1.14 by analyzing the CNF are evolved using genetic programming ( GP ) , with the goal to reduce the total number of conflicts of the search and the solving time . The effect of using initial activities other than zero is examined by initializing with random numbers . The possibility of countering the detrimental effects of reordering the CNF with improved initialization is investigated . The best result found ( with validation testing on further problems ) was used in the solver Actin , which was submitted to SAT-Race 2006 .
0705.1521	cs.DS	A note on module-composed graphs	In this paper we consider module-composed graphs , i.e . graphs which can be defined by a sequence of one-vertex insertions v_1 , ... , v_n , such that the neighbourhood of vertex v_i , 2 < = i < = n , forms a module ( a homogeneous set ) of the graph defined by vertices v_1 , ... , v_ { i-1 } . We show that module-composed graphs are HHDS-free and thus homogeneously orderable , weakly chordal , and perfect . Every bipartite distance hereditary graph , every ( co-2C_4 , P_4 ) -free graph and thus every trivially perfect graph is module-composed . We give an O ( |V_G| ( |V_G|+|E_G| ) ) time algorithm to decide whether a given graph G is module-composed and construct a corresponding module-sequence . For the case of bipartite graphs , module-composed graphs are exactly distance hereditary graphs , which implies simple linear time algorithms for their recognition and construction of a corresponding module-sequence .
0705.1541	cs.CG cs.DM	Unfolding Manhattan Towers	We provide an algorithm for unfolding the surface of any orthogonal polyhedron that falls into a particular shape class we call Manhattan Towers , to a nonoverlapping planar orthogonal polygon . The algorithm cuts along edges of a 4x5x1 refinement of the vertex grid .
