0712.1400	cs.CR	Birthday attack to discrete logarithm	The discrete logarithm in a finite group of large order has been widely applied in public key cryptosystem . In this paper , we will present a probabilistic algorithm for discrete logarithm .
0712.1402	cs.CC cs.LG	Reconstruction of Markov Random Fields from Samples : Some Easy Observations and Algorithms	Markov random fields are used to model high dimensional distributions in a number of applied areas . Much recent interest has been devoted to the reconstruction of the dependency structure from independent samples from the Markov random fields . We analyze a simple algorithm for reconstructing the underlying graph defining a Markov random field on $ n $ nodes and maximum degree $ d $ given observations . We show that under mild non-degeneracy conditions it reconstructs the generating graph with high probability using $ \Theta ( d \epsilon^ { -2 } \delta^ { -4 } \log n ) $ samples where $ \epsilon , \delta $ depend on the local interactions . For most local interaction $ \eps , \delta $ are of order $ \exp ( -O ( d ) ) $ . Our results are optimal as a function of $ n $ up to a multiplicative constant depending on $ d $ and the strength of the local interactions . Our results seem to be the first results for general models that guarantee that { \em the } generating model is reconstructed . Furthermore , we provide explicit $ O ( n^ { d+2 } \epsilon^ { -2 } \delta^ { -4 } \log n ) $ running time bound . In cases where the measure on the graph has correlation decay , the running time is $ O ( n^2 \log n ) $ for all fixed $ d $ . We also discuss the effect of observing noisy samples and show that as long as the noise level is low , our algorithm is effective . On the other hand , we construct an example where large noise implies non-identifiability even for generic noise and interactions . Finally , we briefly show that in some simple cases , models with hidden nodes can also be recovered .
0712.1499	cs.LO cs.CC	On the computational complexity of cut-reduction	Using appropriate notation systems for proofs , cut-reduction can often be rendered feasible on these notations , and explicit bounds can be given . Developing a suitable notation system for Bounded Arithmetic , and applying these bounds , all the known results on definable functions of certain such theories can be reobtained in a uniform way .
0712.1519	cs.GT	Discrete Nondeterminism and Nash Equilibria for Strategy-Based Games	Several notions of game enjoy a Nash-like notion of equilibrium without guarantee of existence . There are different ways of weakening a definition of Nash-like equilibrium in order to guarantee the existence of a weakened equilibrium . Nash 's approach to the problem for strategic games is probabilistic , \textit { i.e . } continuous , and static . CP and BR approaches for CP and BR games are discrete and dynamic . This paper proposes an approach that lies between those two different approaches : a discrete and static approach . multi strategic games are introduced as a formalism that is able to express both sequential and simultaneous decision-making , which promises a good modelling power . multi strategic games are a generalisation of strategic games and sequential graph games that still enjoys a Cartesian product structure , \textit { i.e . } where agent actually choose their strategies . A pre-fixed point result allows guaranteeing existence of discrete and non deterministic equilibria . On the one hand , these equilibria can be computed with polynomial ( low ) complexity . On the other hand , they are effective in terms of recommendation , as shown by a numerical example .
0712.1521	cs.GT	Graphs and Path Equilibria	The quest for optimal/stable paths in graphs has gained attention in a few practical or theoretical areas . To take part in this quest this chapter adopts an equilibrium-oriented approach that is abstract and general : it works with ( quasi-arbitrary ) arc-labelled digraphs , and it assumes very little about the structure of the sought paths and the definition of equilibrium , \textit { i.e . } optimality/stability . In this setting , this chapter presents a sufficient condition for equilibrium existence for every graph ; it also presents a necessary condition for equilibrium existence for every graph . The necessary condition does not imply the sufficient condition a priori . However , the chapter pinpoints their logical difference and thus identifies what work remains to be done . Moreover , the necessary and the sufficient conditions coincide when the definition of optimality relates to a total order , which provides a full-equivalence property . These results are applied to network routing .
0712.1532	cs.CC	Hard constraint satisfaction problems have hard gaps at location 1	An instance of Max CSP is a finite collection of constraints on a set of variables , and the goal is to assign values to the variables that maximises the number of satisfied constraints . Max CSP captures many well-known problems ( such as Max k-SAT and Max Cut ) and is consequently NP-hard . Thus , it is natural to study how restrictions on the allowed constraint types ( or constraint languages ) affect the complexity and approximability of Max CSP . The PCP theorem is equivalent to the existence of a constraint language for which Max CSP has a hard gap at location 1 , i.e . it is NP-hard to distinguish between satisfiable instances and instances where at most some constant fraction of the constraints are satisfiable . All constraint languages , for which the CSP problem ( i.e. , the problem of deciding whether all constraints can be satisfied ) is currently known to be NP-hard , have a certain algebraic property . We prove that any constraint language with this algebraic property makes Max CSP have a hard gap at location 1 which , in particular , implies that such problems can not have a PTAS unless P = NP . We then apply this result to Max CSP restricted to a single constraint type ; this class of problems contains , for instance , Max Cut and Max DiCut . Assuming P $ \neq $ NP , we show that such problems do not admit PTAS except in some trivial cases . Our results hold even if the number of occurrences of each variable is bounded by a constant . We use these results to partially answer open questions and strengthen results by Engebretsen et al . [ Theor . Comput . Sci. , 312 ( 2004 ) , pp . 17 -- 45 ] , Feder et al . [ Discrete Math. , 307 ( 2007 ) , pp . 386 -- 392 ] , Krokhin and Larose [ Proc . Principles and Practice of Constraint Programming ( 2005 ) , pp . 388 -- 402 ] , and Jonsson and Krokhin [ J. Comput . System Sci. , 73 ( 2007 ) , pp . 691 -- 702 ]
0712.1549	cs.GR cs.DM	Dynamic Multilevel Graph Visualization	We adapt multilevel , force-directed graph layout techniques to visualizing dynamic graphs in which vertices and edges are added and removed in an online fashion ( i.e. , unpredictably ) . We maintain multiple levels of coarseness using a dynamic , randomized coarsening algorithm . To ensure the vertices follow smooth trajectories , we employ dynamics simulation techniques , treating the vertices as point particles . We simulate fine and coarse levels of the graph simultaneously , coupling the dynamics of adjacent levels . Projection from coarser to finer levels is adaptive , with the projection determined by an affine transformation that evolves alongside the graph layouts . The result is a dynamic graph visualizer that quickly and smoothly adapts to changes in a graph .
0712.1609	cs.MA cs.IT math.IT	Distributed Consensus Algorithms in Sensor Networks : Quantized Data and Random Link Failures	The paper studies the problem of distributed average consensus in sensor networks with quantized data and random link failures . To achieve consensus , dither ( small noise ) is added to the sensor states before quantization . When the quantizer range is unbounded ( countable number of quantizer levels ) , stochastic approximation shows that consensus is asymptotically achieved with probability one and in mean square to a finite random variable . We show that the meansquared error ( m.s.e . ) can be made arbitrarily small by tuning the link weight sequence , at a cost of the convergence rate of the algorithm . To study dithered consensus with random links when the range of the quantizer is bounded , we establish uniform boundedness of the sample paths of the unbounded quantizer . This requires characterization of the statistical properties of the supremum taken over the sample paths of the state of the quantizer . This is accomplished by splitting the state vector of the quantizer in two components : one along the consensus subspace and the other along the subspace orthogonal to the consensus subspace . The proofs use maximal inequalities for submartingale and supermartingale sequences . From these , we derive probability bounds on the excursions of the two subsequences , from which probability bounds on the excursions of the quantizer state vector follow . The paper shows how to use these probability bounds to design the quantizer parameters and to explore tradeoffs among the number of quantizer levels , the size of the quantization steps , the desired probability of saturation , and the desired level of accuracy $ \epsilon $ away from consensus . Finally , the paper illustrates the quantizer design with a numerical study .
