0710.3642	cs.DS cs.CC	On the Complexity of Spill Everywhere under SSA Form	Compilation for embedded processors can be either aggressive ( time consuming cross-compilation ) or just in time ( embedded and usually dynamic ) . The heuristics used in dynamic compilation are highly constrained by limited resources , time and memory in particular . Recent results on the SSA form open promising directions for the design of new register allocation heuristics for embedded systems and especially for embedded compilation . In particular , heuristics based on tree scan with two separated phases -- one for spilling , then one for coloring/coalescing -- seem good candidates for designing memory-friendly , fast , and competitive register allocators . Still , also because of the side effect on power consumption , the minimization of loads and stores overhead ( spilling problem ) is an important issue . This paper provides an exhaustive study of the complexity of the `` spill everywhere '' problem in the context of the SSA form . Unfortunately , conversely to our initial hopes , many of the questions we raised lead to NP-completeness results . We identify some polynomial cases but that are impractical in JIT context . Nevertheless , they can give hints to simplify formulations for the design of aggressive allocators .
0710.3764	cs.LO	Design of a Distributed Reachability Algorithm for Analysis of Linear Hybrid Automata	This paper presents the design of a novel distributed algorithm d-IRA for the reachability analysis of linear hybrid automata . Recent work on iterative relaxation abstraction ( IRA ) is leveraged to distribute the computational problem among multiple computational nodes in a non-redundant manner by performing careful infeasibility analysis of linear programs corresponding to spurious counterexamples . The d-IRA algorithm is resistant to failure of multiple computational nodes . The experimental results provide promising evidence for the possible successful application of this technique .
0710.3777	cs.IT cs.DM math.IT math.PR	A Deterministic Approach to Wireless Relay Networks	We present a deterministic channel model which captures several key features of multiuser wireless communication . We consider a model for a wireless network with nodes connected by such deterministic channels , and present an exact characterization of the end-to-end capacity when there is a single source and a single destination and an arbitrary number of relay nodes . This result is a natural generalization of the max-flow min-cut theorem for wireline networks . Finally to demonstrate the connections between deterministic model and Gaussian model , we look at two examples : the single-relay channel and the diamond network . We show that in each of these two examples , the capacity-achieving scheme in the corresponding deterministic model naturally suggests a scheme in the Gaussian model that is within 1 bit and 2 bit respectively from cut-set upper bound , for all values of the channel gains . This is the first part of a two-part paper ; the sequel [ 1 ] will focus on the proof of the max-flow min-cut theorem of a class of deterministic networks of which our model is a special case .
0710.3779	cs.CR	Testing D-Sequences for their Randomness	This paper examines the randomness of d-sequences , which are decimal sequences to an arbitrary base . Our motivation is to check their suitability for application to cryptography , spread-spectrum systems and use as pseudorandom sequence .
0710.3781	cs.IT cs.DM math.IT math.PR	Wireless Network Information Flow	We present an achievable rate for general deterministic relay networks , with broadcasting at the transmitters and interference at the receivers . In particular we show that if the optimizing distribution for the information-theoretic cut-set bound is a product distribution , then we have a complete characterization of the achievable rates for such networks . For linear deterministic finite-field models discussed in a companion paper [ 3 ] , this is indeed the case , and we have a generalization of the celebrated max-flow min-cut theorem for such a network .
0710.3789	cs.AR	Frequency Analysis of Decoupling Capacitors for Three Voltage Supplies in SoC	Reduction in power consumption has become a major criterion of design in modern ICs . One such scheme to reduce power consumption by an IC is the use of multiple power supplies for critical and non-critical paths . To maintain the impedance of a power distribution system below a specified level , multiple decoupling capacitors are placed at different levels of power grid hierarchy . This paper describes about three-voltage supply power distribution systems . The noise at one power supply can propagate to the other power supply , causing power and signal integrity problems in the overall system . Effects such as anti-resonance and remedies for these effects are studied . Impedance of the three-voltage supply power distribution system is calculated in terms of RLC-model of decoupling capacitors . Further the obtained impedance depends on the frequency ; hence brief frequency analysis of impedance is done .
0710.3802	cs.IT math.IT	A Posteriori Equivalence : A New Perspective for Design of Optimal Channel Shortening Equalizers	The problem of channel shortening equalization for optimal detection in ISI channels is considered . The problem is to choose a linear equalizer and a partial response target filter such that the combination produces the best detection performance . Instead of using the traditional approach of MMSE equalization , we directly seek all equalizer and target pairs that yield optimal detection performance in terms of the sequence or symbol error rate . This leads to a new notion of a posteriori equivalence between the equalized and target channels with a simple characterization in terms of their underlying probability distributions . Using this characterization we show the surprising existence an infinite family of equalizer and target pairs for which any maximum a posteriori ( MAP ) based detector designed for the target channel is simultaneously MAP optimal for the equalized channel . For channels whose input symbols have equal energy , such as q-PSK , the MMSE equalizer designed with a monic target constraint yields a solution belonging to this optimal family of designs . Although , these designs produce IIR target filters , the ideas are extended to design good FIR targets . For an arbitrary choice of target and equalizer , we derive an expression for the probability of sequence detection error . This expression is used to design optimal FIR targets and IIR equalizers and to quantify the FIR approximation penalty .
0710.3804	cs.CC cond-mat.dis-nn	Random subcubes as a toy model for constraint satisfaction problems	We present an exactly solvable random-subcube model inspired by the structure of hard constraint satisfaction and optimization problems . Our model reproduces the structure of the solution space of the random k-satisfiability and k-coloring problems , and undergoes the same phase transitions as these problems . The comparison becomes quantitative in the large-k limit . Distance properties , as well the x-satisfiability threshold , are studied . The model is also generalized to define a continuous energy landscape useful for studying several aspects of glassy dynamics .
