0710.1641	cs.CG cs.DM math.CO	A polynomial bound for untangling geometric planar graphs	To untangle a geometric graph means to move some of the vertices so that the resulting geometric graph has no crossings . Pach and Tardos [ Discrete Comput . Geom. , 2002 ] asked if every n-vertex geometric planar graph can be untangled while keeping at least n^\epsilon vertices fixed . We answer this question in the affirmative with \epsilon=1/4 . The previous best known bound was \Omega ( ( \log n / \log\log n ) ^ { 1/2 } ) . We also consider untangling geometric trees . It is known that every n-vertex geometric tree can be untangled while keeping at least ( n/3 ) ^ { 1/2 } vertices fixed , while the best upper bound was O ( n\log n ) ^ { 2/3 } . We answer a question of Spillner and Wolff [ arXiv:0709.0170 2007 ] by closing this gap for untangling trees . In particular , we show that for infinitely many values of n , there is an n-vertex geometric tree that can not be untangled while keeping more than 3 ( n^ { 1/2 } -1 ) vertices fixed . Moreover , we improve the lower bound to ( n/2 ) ^ { 1/2 } .
0710.1772	cs.CY cs.HC cs.SE	Cross-Participants : fostering design-use mediation in an Open Source Software community	Motivation - This research aims at investigating emerging roles and forms of participation fostering design-use mediation during the Open Source Software design process Research approach - We compare online interactions for a successful `` pushed-by-users '' design process with unsuccessful previous proposals . The methodology developed , articulate structural analyses of the discussions ( organization of discussions , participation ) to actions to the code and documentation made by participants to the project . We focus on the useroriented and the developer-oriented mailing-lists of the Python project . Findings/Design - We find that key-participants , the cross-participants , foster the design process and act as boundary spanners between the users and the developers ' communities . Research limitations/Implications - These findings can be reinforced developing software to automate the structural analysis of discussions and actions to the code and documentation . Further analyses , supported by these tools , will be necessary to generalise our results . Originality/Value - The analysis of participation among the three interaction spaces of OSS design ( discussion , documentation and implementation ) is the main originality of this work compared to other OSS research that mainly analyse one or two spaces . Take away message - Beside the idealistic picture that users may intervene freely in the process , OSS design is boost and framed by some key-participants and specific rules and there can be barriers to users' participation
0710.1784	cs.DC	Designing a commutative replicated data type	Commuting operations greatly simplify consistency in distributed systems . This paper focuses on designing for commutativity , a topic neglected previously . We show that the replicas of \emph { any } data type for which concurrent operations commute converges to a correct value , under some simple and standard assumptions . We also show that such a data type supports transactions with very low cost . We identify a number of approaches and techniques to ensure commutativity . We re-use some existing ideas ( non-destructive updates coupled with invariant identification ) , but propose a much more efficient implementation . Furthermore , we propose a new technique , background consensus . We illustrate these ideas with a shared edit buffer data type .
0710.1842	cs.DM cs.DS	An explicit universal cycle for the ( n-1 ) -permutations of an n-set	We show how to construct an explicit Hamilton cycle in the directed Cayley graph Cay ( { \sigma_n , sigma_ { n-1 } } : \mathbb { S } _n ) , where \sigma_k = ( 1 2 > ... k ) . The existence of such cycles was shown by Jackson ( Discrete Mathematics , 149 ( 1996 ) 123-129 ) but the proof only shows that a certain directed graph is Eulerian , and Knuth ( Volume 4 Fascicle 2 , Generating All Tuples and Permutations ( 2005 ) ) asks for an explicit construction . We show that a simple recursion describes our Hamilton cycle and that the cycle can be generated by an iterative algorithm that uses O ( n ) space . Moreover , the algorithm produces each successive edge of the cycle in constant time ; such algorithms are said to be loopless .
0710.1916	cs.IT math.IT	Evaluate the Word Error Rate of Binary Block Codes with Square Radius Probability Density Function	The word error rate ( WER ) of soft-decision-decoded binary block codes rarely has closed-form . Bounding techniques are widely used to evaluate the performance of maximum-likelihood decoding algorithm . But the existing bounds are not tight enough especially for low signal-to-noise ratios and become looser when a suboptimum decoding algorithm is used . This paper proposes a new concept named square radius probability density function ( SR-PDF ) of decision region to evaluate the WER . Based on the SR-PDF , The WER of binary block codes can be calculated precisely for ML and suboptimum decoders . Furthermore , for a long binary block code , SR-PDF can be approximated by Gamma distribution with only two parameters that can be measured easily . Using this property , two closed-form approximative expressions are proposed which are very close to the simulation results of the WER of interesting .
0710.1920	cs.IT cs.CR math.IT	The Secrecy Capacity of the MIMO Wiretap Channel	We consider the MIMO wiretap channel , that is a MIMO broadcast channel where the transmitter sends some confidential information to one user which is a legitimate receiver , while the other user is an eavesdropper . Perfect secrecy is achieved when the the transmitter and the legitimate receiver can communicate at some positive rate , while insuring that the eavesdropper gets zero bits of information . In this paper , we compute the perfect secrecy capacity of the multiple antenna MIMO broadcast channel , where the number of antennas is arbitrary for both the transmitter and the two receivers .
