0707.0724	cs.RO physics.class-ph	Workspace Analysis of the Parallel Module of the VERNE Machine	The paper addresses geometric aspects of a spatial three-degree-of-freedom parallel module , which is the parallel module of a hybrid serial-parallel 5-axis machine tool . This parallel module consists of a moving platform that is connected to a fixed base by three non-identical legs . Each leg is made up of one prismatic and two pairs of spherical joint , which are connected in a way that the combined effects of the three legs lead to an over-constrained mechanism with complex motion . This motion is defined as a simultaneous combination of rotation and translation . A method for computing the complete workspace of the VERNE parallel module for various tool lengths is presented . An algorithm describing this method is also introduced .
0707.0740	cs.DC	A Multi Interface Grid Discovery System	Discovery Systems ( DS ) can be considered as entry points for global loosely coupled distributed systems . An efficient Discovery System in essence increases the performance , reliability and decision making capability of distributed systems . With the rapid increase in scale of distributed applications , existing solutions for discovery systems are fast becoming either obsolete or incapable of handling such complexity . They are particularly ineffective when handling service lifetimes and providing up-to-date information , poor at enabling dynamic service access and they can also impose unwanted restrictions on interfaces to widely available information repositories . In this paper we present essential the design characteristics , an implementation and a performance analysis for a discovery system capable of overcoming these deficiencies in large , globally distributed environments .
0707.0742	cs.DC	Mobile Computing in Physics Analysis - An Indicator for eScience	This paper presents the design and implementation of a Grid-enabled physics analysis environment for handheld and other resource-limited computing devices as one example of the use of mobile devices in eScience . Handheld devices offer great potential because they provide ubiquitous access to data and round-the-clock connectivity over wireless links . Our solution aims to provide users of handheld devices the capability to launch heavy computational tasks on computational and data Grids , monitor the jobs status during execution , and retrieve results after job completion . Users carry their jobs on their handheld devices in the form of executables ( and associated libraries ) . Users can transparently view the status of their jobs and get back their outputs without having to know where they are being executed . In this way , our system is able to act as a high-throughput computing environment where devices ranging from powerful desktop machines to small handhelds can employ the power of the Grid . The results shown in this paper are readily applicable to the wider eScience community .
0707.0743	cs.DC	DIANA Scheduling Hierarchies for Optimizing Bulk Job Scheduling	The use of meta-schedulers for resource management in large-scale distributed systems often leads to a hierarchy of schedulers . In this paper , we discuss why existing meta-scheduling hierarchies are sometimes not sufficient for Grid systems due to their inability to re-organise jobs already scheduled locally . Such a job re-organisation is required to adapt to evolving loads which are common in heavily used Grid infrastructures . We propose a peer-to-peer scheduling model and evaluate it using case studies and mathematical modelling . We detail the DIANA ( Data Intensive and Network Aware ) scheduling algorithm and its queue management system for coping with the load distribution and for supporting bulk job scheduling . We demonstrate that such a system is beneficial for dynamic , distributed and self-organizing resource management and can assist in optimizing load or job distribution in complex Grid infrastructures .
0707.0744	cs.LO	A process algebra based framework for promise theory	We present a process algebra based approach to formalize the interactions of computing devices such as the representation of policies and the resolution of conflicts . As an example we specify how promises may be used in coming to an agreement regarding a simple though practical transportation problem .
0707.0745	cs.DB	Semantic Information Retrieval from Distributed Heterogeneous Data Sources	Information retrieval from distributed heterogeneous data sources remains a challenging issue . As the number of data sources increases more intelligent retrieval techniques , focusing on information content and semantics , are required . Currently ontologies are being widely used for managing semantic knowledge , especially in the field of bioinformatics . In this paper we describe an ontology assisted system that allows users to query distributed heterogeneous data sources by hiding details like location , information structure , access pattern and semantic structure of the data . Our goal is to provide an integrated view on biomedical information sources for the Health-e-Child project with the aim to overcome the lack of sufficient semantic-based reformulation techniques for querying distributed data sources . In particular , this paper examines the problem of query reformulation across biomedical data sources , based on merged ontologies and the underlying heterogeneous descriptions of the respective data sources .
0707.0748	cs.DC	Experiences of Engineering Grid-Based Medical Software	Objectives : Grid-based technologies are emerging as potential solutions for managing and collaborating distributed resources in the biomedical domain . Few examples exist , however , of successful implementations of Grid-enabled medical systems and even fewer have been deployed for evaluation in practice . The objective of this paper is to evaluate the use in clinical practice of a Grid-based imaging prototype and to establish directions for engineering future medical Grid developments and their subsequent deployment . Method : The MammoGrid project has deployed a prototype system for clinicians using the Grid as its information infrastructure . To assist in the specification of the system requirements ( and for the first time in healthgrid applications ) , use-case modelling has been carried out in close collaboration with clinicians and radiologists who had no prior experience of this modelling technique . A critical qualitative and , where possible , quantitative analysis of the MammoGrid prototype is presented leading to a set of recommendations from the delivery of the first deployed Grid-based medical imaging application . Results : We report critically on the application of software engineering techniques in the specification and implementation of the MammoGrid project and show that use-case modelling is a suitable vehicle for representing medical requirements and for communicating effectively with the clinical community . This paper also discusses the practical advantages and limitations of applying the Grid to real-life clinical applications and presents the consequent lessons learned .
0707.0761	cs.SE cs.DC	Managing Separation of Concerns in Grid Applications Through Architectural Model Transformations	Grids enable the aggregation , virtualization and sharing of massive heterogeneous and geographically dispersed resources , using files , applications and storage devices , to solve computation and data intensive problems , across institutions and countries via temporary collaborations called virtual organizations ( VO ) . Most implementations result in complex superposition of software layers , often delivering low quality of service and quality of applications . As a consequence , Grid-based applications design and development is increasingly complex , and the use of most classical engineering practices is unsuccessful . Not only is the development of such applications a time-consuming , error prone and expensive task , but also the resulting applications are often hard-coded for specific Grid configurations , platforms and infra-structures . Having neither guidelines nor rules in the design of a Grid-based application is a paradox since there are many existing architectural approaches for distributed computing , which could ease and promote rigorous engineering methods based on the re-use of software components . It is our belief that ad-hoc and semi-formal engineer-ing approaches , in current use , are insufficient to tackle tomorrows Grid develop-ments requirements . Because Grid-based applications address multi-disciplinary and complex domains ( health , military , scientific computation ) , their engineering requires rigor and control . This paper therefore advocates a formal model-driven engineering process and corresponding design framework and tools for building the next generation of Grids .
0707.0762	cs.DC	PhantomOS : A Next Generation Grid Operating System	Grid Computing has made substantial advances in the past decade ; these are primarily due to the adoption of standardized Grid middleware . However Grid computing has not yet become pervasive because of some barriers that we believe have been caused by the adoption of middleware centric approaches . These barriers include : scant support for major types of applications such as interactive applications ; lack of flexible , autonomic and scalable Grid architectures ; lack of plug-and-play Grid computing and , most importantly , no straightforward way to setup and administer Grids . PhantomOS is a project which aims to address many of these barriers . Its goal is the creation of a user friendly pervasive Grid computing platform that facilitates the rapid deployment and easy maintenance of Grids whilst providing support for major types of applications on Grids of almost any topology . In this paper we present the detailed system architecture and an overview of its implementation .
0707.0763	cs.DB	The Requirements for Ontologies in Medical Data Integration : A Case Study	Evidence-based medicine is critically dependent on three sources of information : a medical knowledge base , the patients medical record and knowledge of available resources , including where appropriate , clinical protocols . Patient data is often scattered in a variety of databases and may , in a distributed model , be held across several disparate repositories . Consequently addressing the needs of an evidence-based medicine community presents issues of biomedical data integration , clinical interpretation and knowledge management . This paper outlines how the Health-e-Child project has approached the challenge of requirements specification for ( bio- ) medical data integration , from the level of cellular data , through disease to that of patient and population . The approach is illuminated through the requirements elicitation and analysis of Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis ( JIA ) , one of three diseases being studied in the EC-funded Health-e-Child project .
0707.0796	cs.OH	Performance of Linear Field Reconstruction Techniques with Noise and Uncertain Sensor Locations	We consider a wireless sensor network , sampling a bandlimited field , described by a limited number of harmonics . Sensor nodes are irregularly deployed over the area of interest or subject to random motion ; in addition sensors measurements are affected by noise . Our goal is to obtain a high quality reconstruction of the field , with the mean square error ( MSE ) of the estimate as performance metric . In particular , we analytically derive the performance of several reconstruction/estimation techniques based on linear filtering . For each technique , we obtain the MSE , as well as its asymptotic expression in the case where the field number of harmonics and the number of sensors grow to infinity , while their ratio is kept constant . Through numerical simulations , we show the validity of the asymptotic analysis , even for a small number of sensors . We provide some novel guidelines for the design of sensor networks when many parameters , such as field bandwidth , number of sensors , reconstruction quality , sensor motion characteristics , and noise level of the measures , have to be traded off .
0707.0799	cs.IT math.IT	A New Family of Unitary Space-Time Codes with a Fast Parallel Sphere Decoder Algorithm	In this paper we propose a new design criterion and a new class of unitary signal constellations for differential space-time modulation for multiple-antenna systems over Rayleigh flat-fading channels with unknown fading coefficients . Extensive simulations show that the new codes have significantly better performance than existing codes . We have compared the performance of our codes with differential detection schemes using orthogonal design , Cayley differential codes , fixed-point-free group codes and product of groups and for the same bit error rate , our codes allow smaller signal to noise ratio by as much as 10 dB . The design of the new codes is accomplished in a systematic way through the optimization of a performance index that closely describes the bit error rate as a function of the signal to noise ratio . The new performance index is computationally simple and we have derived analytical expressions for its gradient with respect to constellation parameters . Decoding of the proposed constellations is reduced to a set of one-dimensional closest point problems that we solve using parallel sphere decoder algorithms . This decoding strategy can also improve efficiency of existing codes .
0707.0802	cs.MM cs.CR cs.CV cs.IT math.IT	Very fast watermarking by reversible contrast mapping	Reversible contrast mapping ( RCM ) is a simple integer transform that applies to pairs of pixels . For some pairs of pixels , RCM is invertible , even if the least significant bits ( LSBs ) of the transformed pixels are lost . The data space occupied by the LSBs is suitable for data hiding . The embedded information bit-rates of the proposed spatial domain reversible watermarking scheme are close to the highest bit-rates reported so far . The scheme does not need additional data compression , and , in terms of mathematical complexity , it appears to be the lowest complexity one proposed up to now . A very fast lookup table implementation is proposed . Robustness against cropping can be ensured as well .
0707.0808	cs.CV astro-ph cs.AI cs.CE cs.HC cs.NI cs.RO cs.SE	The Cyborg Astrobiologist : Porting from a wearable computer to the Astrobiology Phone-cam	We have used a simple camera phone to significantly improve an `exploration system ' for astrobiology and geology . This camera phone will make it much easier to develop and test computer-vision algorithms for future planetary exploration . We envision that the `Astrobiology Phone-cam ' exploration system can be fruitfully used in other problem domains as well .
0707.0860	cs.IT cs.NI math.IT	On the Minimum Number of Transmissions in Single-Hop Wireless Coding Networks	The advent of network coding presents promising opportunities in many areas of communication and networking . It has been recently shown that network coding technique can significantly increase the overall throughput of wireless networks by taking advantage of their broadcast nature . In wireless networks , each transmitted packet is broadcasted within a certain area and can be overheard by the neighboring nodes . When a node needs to transmit packets , it employs the opportunistic coding approach that uses the knowledge of what the node 's neighbors have heard in order to reduce the number of transmissions . With this approach , each transmitted packet is a linear combination of the original packets over a certain finite field . In this paper , we focus on the fundamental problem of finding the optimal encoding for the broadcasted packets that minimizes the overall number of transmissions . We show that this problem is NP-complete over GF ( 2 ) and establish several fundamental properties of the optimal solution . We also propose a simple heuristic solution for the problem based on graph coloring and present some empirical results for random settings .
0707.0862	cs.DC	Scheduling in Data Intensive and Network Aware ( DIANA ) Grid Environments	In Grids scheduling decisions are often made on the basis of jobs being either data or computation intensive : in data intensive situations jobs may be pushed to the data and in computation intensive situations data may be pulled to the jobs . This kind of scheduling , in which there is no consideration of network characteristics , can lead to performance degradation in a Grid environment and may result in large processing queues and job execution delays due to site overloads . In this paper we describe a Data Intensive and Network Aware ( DIANA ) meta-scheduling approach , which takes into account data , processing power and network characteristics when making scheduling decisions across multiple sites . Through a practical implementation on a Grid testbed , we demonstrate that queue and execution times of data-intensive jobs can be significantly improved when we introduce our proposed DIANA scheduler . The basic scheduling decisions are dictated by a weighting factor for each potential target location which is a calculated function of network characteristics , processing cycles and data location and size . The job scheduler provides a global ranking of the computing resources and then selects an optimal one on the basis of this overall access and execution cost . The DIANA approach considers the Grid as a combination of active network elements and takes network characteristics as a first class criterion in the scheduling decision matrix along with computation and data . The scheduler can then make informed decisions by taking into account the changing state of the network , locality and size of the data and the pool of available processing cycles .
0707.0871	cs.IT cs.GT math.IT	Optimal Linear Precoding Strategies for Wideband Non-Cooperative Systems based on Game Theory-Part II : Algorithms	In this two-part paper , we address the problem of finding the optimal precoding/multiplexing scheme for a set of non-cooperative links sharing the same physical resources , e.g. , time and bandwidth . We consider two alternative optimization problems : P.1 ) the maximization of mutual information on each link , given constraints on the transmit power and spectral mask ; and P.2 ) the maximization of the transmission rate on each link , using finite order constellations , under the same constraints as in P.1 , plus a constraint on the maximum average error probability on each link . Aiming at finding decentralized strategies , we adopted as optimality criterion the achievement of a Nash equilibrium and thus we formulated both problems P.1 and P.2 as strategic noncooperative ( matrix-valued ) games . In Part I of this two-part paper , after deriving the optimal structure of the linear transceivers for both games , we provided a unified set of sufficient conditions that guarantee the uniqueness of the Nash equilibrium . In this Part II , we focus on the achievement of the equilibrium and propose alternative distributed iterative algorithms that solve both games . Specifically , the new proposed algorithms are the following : 1 ) the sequential and simultaneous iterative waterfilling based algorithms , incorporating spectral mask constraints ; 2 ) the sequential and simultaneous gradient projection based algorithms , establishing an interesting link with variational inequality problems . Our main contribution is to provide sufficient conditions for the global convergence of all the proposed algorithms which , although derived under stronger constraints , incorporating for example spectral mask constraints , have a broader validity than the convergence conditions known in the current literature for the sequential iterative waterfilling algorithm .
0707.0890	cs.LO	Are there Hilbert-style Pure Type Systems ?	For many a natural deduction style logic there is a Hilbert-style logic that is equivalent to it in that it has the same theorems ( i.e . valid judgements with empty contexts ) . For intuitionistic logic , the axioms of the equivalent Hilbert-style logic can be propositions which are also known as the types of the combinators I , K and S. Hilbert-style versions of illative combinatory logic have formulations with axioms that are actual type statements for I , K and S. As pure type systems ( PTSs ) are , in a sense , equivalent to systems of illative combinatory logic , it might be thought that Hilbert-style PTSs ( HPTSs ) could be based in a similar way . This paper shows that some PTSs have very trivial equivalent HPTSs , with only the axioms as theorems and that for many PTSs no equivalent HPTS can exist . Most commonly used PTSs belong to these two classes . For some PTSs however , including lambda* and the PTS at the basis of the proof assistant Coq , there is a nontrivial equivalent HPTS , with axioms that are type statements for I , K and S .
0707.0891	cs.GT cs.CC	The Nash Equilibrium Revisited : Chaos and Complexity Hidden in Simplicity	The Nash Equilibrium is a much discussed , deceptively complex , method for the analysis of non-cooperative games . If one reads many of the commonly available definitions the description of the Nash Equilibrium is deceptively simple in appearance . Modern research has discovered a number of new and important complex properties of the Nash Equilibrium , some of which remain as contemporary conundrums of extraordinary difficulty and complexity . Among the recently discovered features which the Nash Equilibrium exhibits under various conditions are heteroclinic Hamiltonian dynamics , a very complex asymptotic structure in the context of two-player bi-matrix games and a number of computationally complex or computationally intractable features in other settings . This paper reviews those findings and then suggests how they may inform various market prediction strategies .
0707.0895	cs.CL physics.data-an	Segmentation and Context of Literary and Musical Sequences	We test a segmentation algorithm , based on the calculation of the Jensen-Shannon divergence between probability distributions , to two symbolic sequences of literary and musical origin . The first sequence represents the successive appearance of characters in a theatrical play , and the second represents the succession of tones from the twelve-tone scale in a keyboard sonata . The algorithm divides the sequences into segments of maximal compositional divergence between them . For the play , these segments are related to changes in the frequency of appearance of different characters and in the geographical setting of the action . For the sonata , the segments correspond to tonal domains and reveal in detail the characteristic tonal progression of such kind of musical composition .
