0704.2010	cs.AI	A study of structural properties on profiles HMMs	Motivation : Profile hidden Markov Models ( pHMMs ) are a popular and very useful tool in the detection of the remote homologue protein families . Unfortunately , their performance is not always satisfactory when proteins are in the 'twilight zone ' . We present HMMER-STRUCT , a model construction algorithm and tool that tries to improve pHMM performance by using structural information while training pHMMs . As a first step , HMMER-STRUCT constructs a set of pHMMs . Each pHMM is constructed by weighting each residue in an aligned protein according to a specific structural property of the residue . Properties used were primary , secondary and tertiary structures , accessibility and packing . HMMER-STRUCT then prioritizes the results by voting . Results : We used the SCOP database to perform our experiments . Throughout , we apply leave-one-family-out cross-validation over protein superfamilies . First , we used the MAMMOTH-mult structural aligner to align the training set proteins . Then , we performed two sets of experiments . In a first experiment , we compared structure weighted models against standard pHMMs and against each other . In a second experiment , we compared the voting model against individual pHMMs . We compare method performance through ROC curves and through Precision/Recall curves , and assess significance through the paired two tailed t-test . Our results show significant performance improvements of all structurally weighted models over default HMMER , and a significant improvement in sensitivity of the combined models over both the original model and the structurally weighted models .
0704.2014	cs.GT cs.MA	Extensive Games with Possibly Unaware Players	Standard game theory assumes that the structure of the game is common knowledge among players . We relax this assumption by considering extensive games where agents may be unaware of the complete structure of the game . In particular , they may not be aware of moves that they and other agents can make . We show how such games can be represented ; the key idea is to describe the game from the point of view of every agent at every node of the game tree . We provide a generalization of Nash equilibrium and show that every game with awareness has a generalized Nash equilibrium . Finally , we extend these results to games with awareness of unawareness , where a player i may be aware that a player j can make moves that i is not aware of , and to subjective games , where payers may have no common knowledge regarding the actual game and their beliefs are incompatible with a common prior .
0704.2017	cs.IT cs.GT math.IT	Large System Analysis of Game-Theoretic Power Control in UWB Wireless Networks with Rake Receivers	This paper studies the performance of partial-Rake ( PRake ) receivers in impulse-radio ultrawideband wireless networks when an energy-efficient power control scheme is adopted . Due to the large bandwidth of the system , the multipath channel is assumed to be frequency-selective . By using noncooperative game-theoretic models and large system analysis , explicit expressions are derived in terms of network parameters to measure the effects of self- and multiple-access interference at a receiving access point . Performance of the PRake is compared in terms of achieved utilities and loss to that of the all-Rake receiver .
0704.2083	cs.CL cs.AI	Introduction to Arabic Speech Recognition Using CMUSphinx System	In this paper Arabic was investigated from the speech recognition problem point of view . We propose a novel approach to build an Arabic Automated Speech Recognition System ( ASR ) . This system is based on the open source CMU Sphinx-4 , from the Carnegie Mellon University . CMU Sphinx is a large-vocabulary ; speaker-independent , continuous speech recognition system based on discrete Hidden Markov Models ( HMMs ) . We build a model using utilities from the OpenSource CMU Sphinx . We will demonstrate the possible adaptability of this system to Arabic voice recognition .
0704.2092	cs.LG cs.DS	A Note on the Inapproximability of Correlation Clustering	We consider inapproximability of the correlation clustering problem defined as follows : Given a graph $ G = ( V , E ) $ where each edge is labeled either `` + '' ( similar ) or `` - '' ( dissimilar ) , correlation clustering seeks to partition the vertices into clusters so that the number of pairs correctly ( resp . incorrectly ) classified with respect to the labels is maximized ( resp . minimized ) . The two complementary problems are called MaxAgree and MinDisagree , respectively , and have been studied on complete graphs , where every edge is labeled , and general graphs , where some edge might not have been labeled . Natural edge-weighted versions of both problems have been studied as well . Let S-MaxAgree denote the weighted problem where all weights are taken from set S , we show that S-MaxAgree with weights bounded by $ O ( |V|^ { 1/2-\delta } ) $ essentially belongs to the same hardness class in the following sense : if there is a polynomial time algorithm that approximates S-MaxAgree within a factor of $ \lambda = O ( \log { |V| } ) $ with high probability , then for any choice of S ' , S'-MaxAgree can be approximated in polynomial time within a factor of $ ( \lambda + \epsilon ) $ , where $ \epsilon > 0 $ can be arbitrarily small , with high probability . A similar statement also holds for $ S-MinDisagree . This result implies it is hard ( assuming $ NP \neq RP $ ) to approximate unweighted MaxAgree within a factor of $ 80/79-\epsilon $ , improving upon a previous known factor of $ 116/115-\epsilon $ by Charikar et . al . \cite { Chari05 } .
