0706.2479	cs.DM	Progresses in the Analysis of Stochastic 2D Cellular Automata : a Study of Asynchronous 2D Minority	Cellular automata are often used to model systems in physics , social sciences , biology that are inherently asynchronous . Over the past 20 years , studies have demonstrated that the behavior of cellular automata drastically changed under asynchronous updates . Still , the few mathematical analyses of asynchronism focus on one-dimensional probabilistic cellular automata , either on single examples or on specific classes . As for other classic dynamical systems in physics , extending known methods from one- to two-dimensional systems is a long lasting challenging problem . In this paper , we address the problem of analysing an apparently simple 2D asynchronous cellular automaton : 2D Minority where each cell , when fired , updates to the minority state of its neighborhood . Our experiments reveal that in spite of its simplicity , the minority rule exhibits a quite complex response to asynchronism . By focusing on the fully asynchronous regime , we are however able to describe completely the asymptotic behavior of this dynamics as long as the initial configuration satisfies some natural constraints . Besides these technical results , we have strong reasons to believe that our techniques relying on defining an energy function from the transition table of the automaton may be extended to the wider class of threshold automata .
0706.2520	cs.NI	Analysis of Inter-Domain Traffic Correlations : Random Matrix Theory Approach	The traffic behavior of University of Louisville network with the interconnected backbone routers and the number of Virtual Local Area Network ( VLAN ) subnets is investigated using the Random Matrix Theory ( RMT ) approach . We employ the system of equal interval time series of traffic counts at all router to router and router to subnet connections as a representation of the inter-VLAN traffic . The cross-correlation matrix C of the traffic rate changes between different traffic time series is calculated and tested against null-hypothesis of random interactions . The majority of the eigenvalues \lambda_ { i } of matrix C fall within the bounds predicted by the RMT for the eigenvalues of random correlation matrices . The distribution of eigenvalues and eigenvectors outside of the RMT bounds displays prominent and systematic deviations from the RMT predictions . Moreover , these deviations are stable in time . The method we use provides a unique possibility to accomplish three concurrent tasks of traffic analysis . The method verifies the uncongested state of the network , by establishing the profile of random interactions . It recognizes the system-specific large-scale interactions , by establishing the profile of stable in time non-random interactions . Finally , by looking into the eigenstatistics we are able to detect and allocate anomalies of network traffic interactions .
