0708.0495	cs.RO physics.class-ph	Virtual Manufacturing : Tools for improving Design and Production	The research area `` Virtual Manufacturing '' can be defined as an integrated manufacturing environment which can enhance one or several levels of decision and control in manufacturing process . Several domains can be addressed : Product and Process Design , Process and Production Planning , Machine Tool , Robot and Manufacturing System . As automation technologies such as CAD/CAM have substantially shortened the time required to design products , Virtual Manufacturing will have a similar effect on the manufacturing phase thanks to the modelling , simulation and optimisation of the product and the processes involved in its fabrication .
0708.0505	cs.AI cs.CE cs.DM q-bio.QM	A preliminary analysis on metaheuristics methods applied to the Haplotype Inference Problem	Haplotype Inference is a challenging problem in bioinformatics that consists in inferring the basic genetic constitution of diploid organisms on the basis of their genotype . This information allows researchers to perform association studies for the genetic variants involved in diseases and the individual responses to therapeutic agents . A notable approach to the problem is to encode it as a combinatorial problem ( under certain hypotheses , such as the pure parsimony criterion ) and to solve it using off-the-shelf combinatorial optimization techniques . The main methods applied to Haplotype Inference are either simple greedy heuristic or exact methods ( Integer Linear Programming , Semidefinite Programming , SAT encoding ) that , at present , are adequate only for moderate size instances . We believe that metaheuristic and hybrid approaches could provide a better scalability . Moreover , metaheuristics can be very easily combined with problem specific heuristics and they can also be integrated with tree-based search techniques , thus providing a promising framework for hybrid systems in which a good trade-off between effectiveness and efficiency can be reached . In this paper we illustrate a feasibility study of the approach and discuss some relevant design issues , such as modeling and design of approximate solvers that combine constructive heuristics , local search-based improvement strategies and learning mechanisms . Besides the relevance of the Haplotype Inference problem itself , this preliminary analysis is also an interesting case study because the formulation of the problem poses some challenges in modeling and hybrid metaheuristic solver design that can be generalized to other problems .
0708.0522	cs.NI	Quasi-stationary distributions as centrality measures of reducible graphs	Random walk can be used as a centrality measure of a directed graph . However , if the graph is reducible the random walk will be absorbed in some subset of nodes and will never visit the rest of the graph . In Google PageRank the problem was solved by introduction of uniform random jumps with some probability . Up to the present , there is no clear criterion for the choice this parameter . We propose to use parameter-free centrality measure which is based on the notion of quasi-stationary distribution . Specifically we suggest four quasi-stationary based centrality measures , analyze them and conclude that they produce approximately the same ranking . The new centrality measures can be applied in spam detection to detect `` link farms '' and in image search to find photo albums .
0708.0580	cs.FL cs.DM	Efficient Divide-and-Conquer Implementations Of Symmetric FSAs	A deterministic finite-state automaton ( FSA ) is an abstract sequential machine that reads the symbols comprising an input word one at a time . An FSA is symmetric if its output is independent of the order in which the input symbols are read , i.e. , if the output is invariant under permutations of the input . We show how to convert a symmetric FSA A into an automaton-like divide-and-conquer process whose intermediate results are no larger than the size of A 's memory . In comparison , a similar result for general FSA 's has been long known via functional composition , but entails an exponential increase in memory size . The new result has applications to parallel processing and symmetric FSA networks .
0708.0598	cs.HC cs.MM	An Application of Chromatic Prototypes	This paper has been withdrawn .
0708.0600	cs.DS	Complementary algorithms for graphs and percolation	A pair of complementary algorithms are presented . One of the pair is a fast method for connecting graphs with an edge . The other is a fast method for removing edges from a graph . Both algorithms employ the same tree based graph representation and so , in concert , can arbitrarily modify any graph . Since the clusters of a percolation model may be described as simple connected graphs , an efficient Monte Carlo scheme can be constructed that uses the algorithms to sweep the occupation probability back and forth between two turning points . This approach concentrates computational sampling time within a region of interest . A high precision value of pc = 0.59274603 ( 9 ) was thus obtained , by Mersenne twister , for the two dimensional square site percolation threshold .
