0712.2577	cs.DM cs.LO	Is the injectivity of the global function of a cellular automaton in the hyperbolic plane undecidable ?	In this paper , we look at the following question . We consider cellular automata in the hyperbolic plane and we consider the global function defined on all possible configurations . Is the injectivity of this function undecidable ? The problem was answered positively in the case of the Euclidean plane by Jarkko Kari , in 1994 . In the present paper , we give a partial answer : when the configurations are restricted to a certain condition , the problem is undecidable .
0712.2579	cs.IT math.IT	On the Information of the Second Moments Between Random Variables Using Mutually Unbiased Bases	The notation of mutually unbiased bases ( MUB ) was first introduced by Ivanovic to reconstruct density matrixes\cite { Ivanovic } . The subject about how to use MUB to analyze , process , and utilize the information of the second moments between random variables is studied in this paper . In the first part , the mathematical foundation will be built . It will be shown that the spectra of MUB have complete information for the correlation matrixes of finite discrete signals , and the nice properties of them . Roughly speaking , it will be shown that each spectrum from MUB plays an equal role for finite discrete signals , and the effect between any two spectra can be treated as a global constant shift . These properties will be used to find some important and natural characterizations of random vectors and random discrete operators/filters . For a technical reason , it will be shown that any MUB spectra can be found as fast as Fourier spectrum when the length of the signal is a prime number . In the second part , some applications will be presented . First of all , a protocol about how to increase the number of users in a basic digital communication model will be studied , which has bring some deep insights about how to encode the information into the second moments between random variables . Secondly , the application of signal analysis will be studied . It is suggested that complete `` MUB '' spectra analysis works well in any case , and people can just choose the spectra they are interested in to do analysis . For instance , single Fourier spectra analysis can be also applied in nonstationary case . Finally , the application of MUB in dimensionality reduction will be considered , when the prior knowledge of the data is n't reliable .
0712.2591	cs.SE cs.CY	A Typical Model Audit Approach : Spreadsheet Audit Methodologies in the City of London	Spreadsheet audit and review procedures are an essential part of almost all City of London financial transactions . Structured processes are used to discover errors in large financial spreadsheets underpinning major transactions of all types . Serious errors are routinely found and are fed back to model development teams generally under conditions of extreme time urgency . Corrected models form the essence of the completed transaction and firms undertaking model audit and review expose themselves to significant financial liability in the event of any remaining significant error . It is noteworthy that in the United Kingdom , the management of spreadsheet error is almost unheard of outside of the City of London despite the commercial ubiquity of the spreadsheet .
0712.2594	cs.GL	Stop That Subversive Spreadsheet !	This paper documents the formation of the European Spreadsheet Risks Interest Group ( EuSpRIG www.eusprig.org ) and outlines some of the research undertaken and reported upon by interested parties in EuSpRIG publications
0712.2605	cs.CR	Some A Priori Torah Decryption Principles	The author proposes , a priori , a simple set of principles that can be developed into a range of algorithms by which means the Torah might be decoded . It is assumed that the Torah is some form of transposition cipher with the unusual property that the plain text of the Torah may also be the cipher text of one or more other documents written in Biblical Hebrew . The decryption principles are based upon the use of Equidistant Letter Sequences ( ELS ) and the notions of Message Length , Dimensionality , Euclidean Dimension , Topology , Read Direction , Skip Distance and offset . The principles can be applied recursively and define numerous large subsets of the 304,807 ! theoretically possible permutations of the characters of the Torah .
0712.2606	cs.CR	Algorithmic Permutation of part of the Torah	A small part of the Torah is arranged into a two dimensional array . The characters are then permuted using a simple recursive deterministic algorithm . The various permutations are then passed through three stochastic filters and one deterministic filter to identify the permutations which most closely approximate readable Biblical Hebrew . Of the 15 Billion sequences available at the second level of recursion , 800 pass the a priori thresholds set for each filter . The resulting `` Biblical Hebrew '' text is available for inspection and the generation of further material continues .
0712.2619	cs.IT cs.DM math.CO math.IT	A New Lower Bound for A ( 17,6,6 )	We construct a record-breaking binary code of length 17 , minimal distance 6 , constant weight 6 , and containing 113 codewords .
0712.2629	cs.DS	Approximation Algorithms for the Highway Problem under the Coupon Model	When a store sells items to customers , the store wishes to determine the prices of the items to maximize its profit . Intuitively , if the store sells the items with low ( resp . high ) prices , the customers buy more ( resp . less ) items , which provides less profit to the store . So it would be hard for the store to decide the prices of items . Assume that the store has a set V of n items and there is a set E of m customers who wish to buy those items , and also assume that each item i \in V has the production cost d_i and each customer e_j \in E has the valuation v_j on the bundle e_j \subseteq V of items . When the store sells an item i \in V at the price r_i , the profit for the item i is p_i=r_i-d_i . The goal of the store is to decide the price of each item to maximize its total profit . In most of the previous works , the item pricing problem was considered under the assumption that p_i \geq 0 for each i \in V , however , Balcan , et al . [ In Proc . of WINE , LNCS 4858 , 2007 ] introduced the notion of loss-leader , and showed that the seller can get more total profit in the case that p_i < 0 is allowed than in the case that p_i < 0 is not allowed . In this paper , we consider the line and the cycle highway problem , and show approximation algorithms for the line and/or cycle highway problem for which the smallest valuation is s and the largest valuation is \ell or all valuations are identical .
