0708.3341	cs.HC	Browsing through 3D representations of unstructured picture collections : an empirical study	The paper presents a 3D interactive representation of fairly large picture collections which facilitates browsing through unstructured sets of icons or pictures . Implementation of this representation implies choosing between two visualization strategies : users may either manipulate the view ( OV ) or be immersed in it ( IV ) . The paper first presents this representation , then describes an empirical study ( 17 participants ) aimed at assessing the utility and usability of each view . Subjective judgements in questionnaires and debriefings were varied : 7 participants preferred the IV view , 4 the OV one , and 6 could not choose between the two . Visual acuity and visual exploration strategies seem to have exerted a greater influence on participants' preferences than task performance or feeling of immersion .
0708.3381	cs.RO	Architecture Optimization of a 3-DOF Translational Parallel Mechanism for Machining Applications , the Orthoglide	This paper addresses the architecture optimization of a 3-DOF translational parallel mechanism designed for machining applications . The design optimization is conducted on the basis of a prescribed Cartesian workspace with prescribed kinetostatic performances . The resulting machine , the Orthoglide , features three fixed parallel linear joints which are mounted orthogonally and a mobile platform which moves in the Cartesian x-y-z space with fixed orientation . The interesting features of the Orthoglide are a regular Cartesian workspace shape , uniform performances in all directions and good compactness . A small-scale prototype of the Orthoglide under development is presented at the end of this paper .
0708.3387	cs.IT math.IT	The Impact of Noise Correlation and Channel Phase Information on the Data-Rate of the Single-Symbol ML Decodable Distributed STBCs	Very recently , we proposed the row-monomial distributed orthogonal space-time block codes ( DOSTBCs ) and showed that the row-monomial DOSTBCs achieved approximately twice higher bandwidth efficiency than the repetitionbased cooperative strategy [ 1 ] . However , we imposed two limitations on the row-monomial DOSTBCs . The first one was that the associated matrices of the codes must be row-monomial . The other was the assumption that the relays did not have any channel state information ( CSI ) of the channels from the source to the relays , although this CSI could be readily obtained at the relays without any additional pilot signals or any feedback overhead . In this paper , we first remove the row-monomial limitation ; but keep the CSI limitation . In this case , we derive an upper bound of the data-rate of the DOSTBC and it is larger than that of the row-monomial DOSTBCs in [ 1 ] . Secondly , we abandon the CSI limitation ; but keep the row-monomial limitation . Specifically , we propose the row-monomial DOSTBCs with channel phase information ( DOSTBCs-CPI ) and derive an upper bound of the data-rate of those codes . The rowmonomial DOSTBCs-CPI have higher data-rate than the DOSTBCs and the row-monomial DOSTBCs . Furthermore , we find the actual row-monomial DOSTBCs-CPI which achieve the upper bound of the data-rate .
0708.3408	cs.DS	Linear Time Algorithms Based on Multilevel Prefix Tree for Finding Shortest Path with Positive Weights and Minimum Spanning Tree in a Networks	In this paper I present general outlook on questions relevant to the basic graph algorithms ; Finding the Shortest Path with Positive Weights and Minimum Spanning Tree . I will show so far known solution set of basic graph problems and present my own . My solutions to graph problems are characterized by their linear worst-case time complexity . It should be noticed that the algorithms which compute the Shortest Path and Minimum Spanning Tree problems not only analyze the weight of arcs ( which is the main and often the only criterion of solution hitherto known algorithms ) but also in case of identical path weights they select this path which walks through as few vertices as possible . I have presented algorithms which use priority queue based on multilevel prefix tree -- PTrie . PTrie is a clever combination of the idea of prefix tree -- Trie , the structure of logarithmic time complexity for insert and remove operations , doubly linked list and queues . In C++ I will implement linear worst-case time algorithm computing the Single-Destination Shortest-Paths problem and I will explain its usage .
