0710.4410	cs.DS	A Multi-level Blocking Distinct Degree Factorization Algorithm	We give a new algorithm for performing the distinct-degree factorization of a polynomial P ( x ) over GF ( 2 ) , using a multi-level blocking strategy . The coarsest level of blocking replaces GCD computations by multiplications , as suggested by Pollard ( 1975 ) , von zur Gathen and Shoup ( 1992 ) , and others . The novelty of our approach is that a finer level of blocking replaces multiplications by squarings , which speeds up the computation in GF ( 2 ) [ x ] /P ( x ) of certain interval polynomials when P ( x ) is sparse . As an application we give a fast algorithm to search for all irreducible trinomials x^r + x^s + 1 of degree r over GF ( 2 ) , while producing a certificate that can be checked in less time than the full search . Naive algorithms cost O ( r^2 ) per trinomial , thus O ( r^3 ) to search over all trinomials of given degree r. Under a plausible assumption about the distribution of factors of trinomials , the new algorithm has complexity O ( r^2 ( log r ) ^ { 3/2 } ( log log r ) ^ { 1/2 } ) for the search over all trinomials of degree r. Our implementation achieves a speedup of greater than a factor of 560 over the naive algorithm in the case r = 24036583 ( a Mersenne exponent ) . Using our program , we have found two new primitive trinomials of degree 24036583 over GF ( 2 ) ( the previous record degree was 6972593 ) .
0710.4486	cs.CE cs.NA cs.PF math.AC math.NA math.OC	Non-linear estimation is easy	Non-linear state estimation and some related topics , like parametric estimation , fault diagnosis , and perturbation attenuation , are tackled here via a new methodology in numerical differentiation . The corresponding basic system theoretic definitions and properties are presented within the framework of differential algebra , which permits to handle system variables and their derivatives of any order . Several academic examples and their computer simulations , with on-line estimations , are illustrating our viewpoint .
0710.4499	cs.LO	Remarks on Jurdzinski and Lorys ' proof that palindromes are not a Church-Rosser language	In 2002 Jurdzinski and Lorys settled a long-standing conjecture that palindromes are not a Church-Rosser language . Their proof required a sophisticated theory about computation graphs of 2-stack automata . We present their proof in terms of 1-tape Turing machines.We also provide an alternative proof of Buntrock and Otto 's result that the set of non-square bitstrings , which is context-free , is not Church-Rosser .
0710.4508	cs.CC cs.NA cs.SC math.NA	A Numerical Algorithm for Zero Counting . I : Complexity and Accuracy	We describe an algorithm to count the number of distinct real zeros of a polynomial ( square ) system f. The algorithm performs O ( n D kappa ( f ) ) iterations where n is the number of polynomials ( as well as the dimension of the ambient space ) , D is a bound on the polynomials ' degree , and kappa ( f ) is a condition number for the system . Each iteration uses an exponential number of operations . The algorithm uses finite-precision arithmetic and a polynomial bound for the precision required to ensure the returned output is correct is exhibited . This bound is a major feature of our algorithm since it is in contrast with the exponential precision required by the existing ( symbolic ) algorithms for counting real zeros . The algorithm parallelizes well in the sense that each iteration can be computed in parallel polynomial time with an exponential number of processors .
