0705.4369	cs.NA cs.MS	Computing Integer Powers in Floating-Point Arithmetic	We introduce two algorithms for accurately evaluating powers to a positive integer in floating-point arithmetic , assuming a fused multiply-add ( fma ) instruction is available . We show that our log-time algorithm always produce faithfully-rounded results , discuss the possibility of getting correctly rounded results , and show that results correctly rounded in double precision can be obtained if extended-precision is available with the possibility to round into double precision ( with a single rounding ) .
0705.4415	cs.SE	PERCEVAL : a Computer-Driven System for Experimentation on Auditory and Visual Perception	Since perception tests are highly time-consuming , there is a need to automate as many operations as possible , such as stimulus generation , procedure control , perception testing , and data analysis . The computer-driven system we are presenting here meets these objectives . To achieve large flexibility , the tests are controlled by scripts . The system 's core software resembles that of a lexical-syntactic analyzer , which reads and interprets script files sent to it . The execution sequence ( trial ) is modified in accordance with the commands and data received . This type of operation provides a great deal of flexibility and supports a wide variety of tests such as auditory-lexical decision making , phoneme monitoring , gating , phonetic categorization , word identification , voice quality , etc . To achieve good performance , we were careful about timing accuracy , which is the greatest problem in computerized perception tests .
0705.4442	cs.DB	World-set Decompositions : Expressiveness and Efficient Algorithms	Uncertain information is commonplace in real-world data management scenarios . The ability to represent large sets of possible instances ( worlds ) while supporting efficient storage and processing is an important challenge in this context . The recent formalism of world-set decompositions ( WSDs ) provides a space-efficient representation for uncertain data that also supports scalable processing . WSDs are complete for finite world-sets in that they can represent any finite set of possible worlds . For possibly infinite world-sets , we show that a natural generalization of WSDs precisely captures the expressive power of c-tables . We then show that several important decision problems are efficiently solvable on WSDs while they are NP-hard on c-tables . Finally , we give a polynomial-time algorithm for factorizing WSDs , i.e . an efficient algorithm for minimizing such representations .
