0708.2784	cs.IT cs.DM math.AG math.IT	On a linear code from a configuration of affine lines	We will show how to obtain a linear code from a configuration of affine lines in general position and a suitable set of rational points . We will also explain a new decoding algorithm based on the configuration , which seems to be quite effective .
0708.2788	cs.IR	Integrating users ' needs into multimedia information retrieval system	The exponential growth of multimedia information and the development of various communication media generated new problems at various levels including the rate of flow of information , problems of storage and management . The difficulty which arises is no longer the existence of information but rather the access to this information . When designing multimedia information retrieval system , it is appropriate to bear in mind the potential users and their information needs . We assumed that multimedia information representation which takes into account explicitly the users ' needs and the cases of use could contribute to the adaptation potentials of the system for the end-users . We believe also that responses of multimedia information system would be more relevant to the users ' needs if the types of results to be used from the system were identified before the design and development of the system . We propose the integration of the users ' information needs . More precisely integrating usage contexts of resulting information in an information system ( during creation and feedback ) should enhance more pertinent users ' need . The first section of this study is dedicated to traditional multimedia information systems and specifically the approaches of representing multimedia information . Taking into account the dynamism of users , these approaches do not permit the explicit integration of the users ' information needs . In this paper , we will present our proposals based on economic intelligence approach . This approach emphasizes the importance of starting any process of information retrieval witch the user information need .
0708.2804	cs.IT math.IT	On Fast-Decodable Space-Time Block Codes	We focus on full-rate , fast-decodable space-time block codes ( STBCs ) for 2x2 and 4x2 multiple-input multiple-output ( MIMO ) transmission . We first derive conditions for reduced-complexity maximum-likelihood decoding , and apply them to a unified analysis of two families of 2x2 STBCs that were recently proposed . In particular , we describe a reduced-complexity sphere decoding algorithm suitable for QAM signal constellations . Next , we derive a novel reduced-complexity 4x2 STBC , and show that it outperforms all previously known codes with certain constellations .
0708.2893	cs.IT math.IT	Fast Recursive Coding Based on Grouping of Symbols	A novel fast recursive coding technique is proposed . It operates with only integer values not longer 8 bits and is multiplication free . Recursion the algorithm is based on indirectly provides rather effective coding of symbols for very large alphabets . The code length for the proposed technique can be up to 20-30 % less than for arithmetic coding and , in the worst case it is only by 1-3 % larger .
0708.2911	cs.IT math.IT	Optimal Sequential Frame Synchronization	We consider the `one-shot frame synchronization problem ' where a decoder wants to locate a sync pattern at the output of a channel on the basis of sequential observations . We assume that the sync pattern of length N starts being emitted at a random time within some interval of size A , that characterizes the asynchronism level between the transmitter and the receiver . We show that a sequential decoder can optimally locate the sync pattern , i.e. , exactly , without delay , and with probability approaching one as N tends to infinity , if and only if the asynchronism level grows as O ( exp ( N*k ) ) , with k below the `synchronization threshold , ' a constant that admits a simple expression depending on the channel . This constant is the same as the one that characterizes the limit for reliable asynchronous communication , as was recently reported by the authors . If k exceeds the synchronization threshold , any decoder , sequential or non-sequential , locates the sync pattern with an error that tends to one as N tends to infinity . Hence , a sequential decoder can locate a sync pattern as well as the ( non-sequential ) maximum likelihood decoder that operates on the basis of output sequences of maximum length A+N-1 , but with much fewer observations .
0708.2936	cs.DS	Priority Queue Based on Multilevel Prefix Tree	Tree structures are very often used data structures . Among ordered types of trees there are many variants whose basic operations such as insert , delete , search , delete-min are characterized by logarithmic time complexity . In the article I am going to present the structure whose time complexity for each of the above operations is $ O ( \frac { M } { K } + K ) $ , where M is the size of data type and K is constant properly matching the size of data type . Properly matched K will make the structure function as a very effective Priority Queue . The structure size linearly depends on the number and size of elements . PTrie is a clever combination of the idea of prefix tree -- Trie , structure of logarithmic time complexity for insert and remove operations , doubly linked list and queues .
