0710.3246	cs.DS cs.IT math.IT	Bloom maps	We consider the problem of succinctly encoding a static map to support approximate queries . We derive upper and lower bounds on the space requirements in terms of the error rate and the entropy of the distribution of values over keys : our bounds differ by a factor log e. For the upper bound we introduce a novel data structure , the Bloom map , generalising the Bloom filter to this problem . The lower bound follows from an information theoretic argument .
0710.3279	cs.NI cs.IT math.IT	Resource Allocation for Delay Differentiated Traffic in Multiuser OFDM Systems	Most existing work on adaptive allocation of subcarriers and power in multiuser orthogonal frequency division multiplexing ( OFDM ) systems has focused on homogeneous traffic consisting solely of either delay-constrained data ( guaranteed service ) or non-delay-constrained data ( best-effort service ) . In this paper , we investigate the resource allocation problem in a heterogeneous multiuser OFDM system with both delay-constrained ( DC ) and non-delay-constrained ( NDC ) traffic . The objective is to maximize the sum-rate of all the users with NDC traffic while maintaining guaranteed rates for the users with DC traffic under a total transmit power constraint . Through our analysis we show that the optimal power allocation over subcarriers follows a multi-level water-filling principle ; moreover , the valid candidates competing for each subcarrier include only one NDC user but all DC users . By converting this combinatorial problem with exponential complexity into a convex problem or showing that it can be solved in the dual domain , efficient iterative algorithms are proposed to find the optimal solutions . To further reduce the computational cost , a low-complexity suboptimal algorithm is also developed . Numerical studies are conducted to evaluate the performance the proposed algorithms in terms of service outage probability , achievable transmission rate pairs for DC and NDC traffic , and multiuser diversity .
0710.3283	cs.PF cs.IT math.IT	Effects of Non-Identical Rayleigh Fading on Differential Unitary Space-Time Modulation	This paper has been withdrawn by the author .
0710.3285	cs.CY cs.CL	Nontraditional Scoring of C-tests	In C-tests the hypothesis of items local independence is violated , which does n't permit to consider them as real tests . It is suggested to determine the distances between separate C-test items ( blanks ) and to combine items into clusters . Weights , inversely proportional to the number of items in corresponding clusters , are assigned to items . As a result , the C-test structure becomes similar to the structure of classical tests , without violation of local independence hypothesis .
0710.3305	cs.LO cs.CR	Automatic Methods for Analyzing Non-Repudiation Protocols with an Active Intruder	Non-repudiation protocols have an important role in many areas where secured transactions with proofs of participation are necessary . Formal methods are clever and without error , therefore using them for verifying such protocols is crucial . In this purpose , we show how to partially represent non-repudiation as a combination of authentications on the Fair Zhou-Gollmann protocol . After discussing its limits , we define a new method based on the handling of the knowledge of protocol participants . This method is very general and is of natural use , as it consists in adding simple annotations , like for authentication problems . The method is very easy to implement in tools able to handle participants knowledge . We have implemented it in the AVISPA Tool and analyzed the optimistic Cederquist-Corin- Dashti protocol , discovering two unknown attacks . This extension of the AVISPA Tool for handling non-repudiation opens a highway to the specification of many other properties , without any more change in the tool itself .
0710.3332	cs.LO	Model and Program Repair via SAT Solving	We consider the following \emph { model repair problem } : given a finite Kripke structure $ M $ and a specification formula $ \eta $ in some modal or temporal logic , determine if $ M $ contains a substructure $ M ' $ ( with the same initial state ) that satisfies $ \eta $ . Thus , $ M $ can be `` repaired '' to satisfy the specification $ \eta $ by deleting some transitions . We map an instance $ ( M , \eta ) $ of model repair to a boolean formula $ \repfor ( M , \eta ) $ such that $ ( M , \eta ) $ has a solution iff $ \repfor ( M , \eta ) $ is satisfiable . Furthermore , a satisfying assignment determines which transitions must be removed from $ M $ to generate a model $ M ' $ of $ \eta $ . Thus , we can use any SAT solver to repair Kripke structures . Furthermore , using a complete SAT solver yields a complete algorithm : it always finds a repair if one exists . We extend our method to repair finite-state shared memory concurrent programs , to solve the discrete event supervisory control problem \cite { RW87 , RW89 } , to check for the existence of symmettric solutions \cite { ES93 } , and to accomodate any boolean constraint on the existence of states and transitions in the repaired model . Finally , we show that model repair is NP-complete for CTL , and logics with polynomial model checking algorithms to which CTL can be reduced in polynomial time . A notable example of such a logic is Alternating-Time Temporal Logic ( ATL ) .
0710.3375	cs.IT math.IT	On the Capacity of Interference Channels with One Cooperating Transmitter	Inner and outer bounds are established on the capacity region of two-sender , two-receiver interference channels where one transmitter knows both messages . The transmitter with extra knowledge is referred to as being cognitive . The inner bound is based on strategies that generalize prior work , and include rate-splitting , Gel'fand-Pinsker coding and cooperative transmission . A general outer bound is based on the Nair-El Gamal outer bound for broadcast channels . A simpler bound is presented for the case in which one of the decoders can decode both messages . The bounds are evaluated and compared for Gaussian channels .
0710.3427	cs.IT math.IT	Error Correction Capability of Column-Weight-Three LDPC Codes	In this paper , we investigate the error correction capability of column-weight-three LDPC codes when decoded using the Gallager A algorithm . We prove that the necessary condition for a code to correct $ k \geq 5 $ errors is to avoid cycles of length up to $ 2k $ in its Tanner graph . As a consequence of this result , we show that given any $ \alpha > 0 , \exists N $ such that $ \forall n > N $ , no code in the ensemble of column-weight-three codes can correct all $ \alpha n $ or fewer errors . We extend these results to the bit flipping algorithm .
