0707.2182	cs.OH	Design of Multistage Decimation Filters Using Cyclotomic Polynomials : Optimization and Design Issues	This paper focuses on the design of multiplier-less decimation filters suitable for oversampled digital signals . The aim is twofold . On one hand , it proposes an optimization framework for the design of constituent decimation filters in a general multistage decimation architecture . The basic building blocks embedded in the proposed filters belong , for a simple reason , to the class of cyclotomic polynomials ( CPs ) : the first 104 CPs have a z-transfer function whose coefficients are simply { -1,0 , +1 } . On the other hand , the paper provides a bunch of useful techniques , most of which stemming from some key properties of CPs , for designing the proposed filters in a variety of architectures . Both recursive and non-recursive architectures are discussed by focusing on a specific decimation filter obtained as a result of the optimization algorithm . Design guidelines are provided with the aim to simplify the design of the constituent decimation filters in the multistage chain .
0707.2185	cs.RO	Mod\'elisation Dynamique d'un Robot Parall\`ele \`a 3-DDL : l'Orthoglide	In this article , we propose a method for calculation of the inverse and direct dynamic models of the Orthoglide , a parallel robot with threedegrees of freedom in translation . These models are calculated starting from the elements of the dynamic model of the kinematic chain structure and equations of Newton-Euler applied to the platform . These models are obtained in explicit form having an interesting physical interpretation .
0707.2191	cs.IT math.IT	Word statistics in Blogs and RSS feeds : Towards empirical universal evidence	We focus on the statistics of word occurrences and of the waiting times between such occurrences in Blogs . Due to the heterogeneity of words' frequencies , the empirical analysis is performed by studying classes of '' frequently-equivalent '' words , i.e . by grouping words depending on their frequencies . Two limiting cases are considered : the dilute limit , i.e . for those words that are used less than once a day , and the dense limit for frequent words . In both cases , extreme events occur more frequently than expected from the Poisson hypothesis . These deviations from Poisson statistics reveal non-trivial time correlations between events that are associated with bursts of activities . The distribution of waiting times is shown to behave like a stretched exponential and to have the same shape for different sets of words sharing a common frequency , thereby revealing universal features .
0707.2227	cs.RO	Degeneracy study of the forward kinematics of planar 3-RPR parallel manipulators	This paper investigates two situations in which the forward kinematics of planar 3-RPR parallel manipulators degenerates . These situations have not been addressed before . The first degeneracy arises when the three input joint variables r1 , r2 and r3 satisfy a certain relationship . This degeneracy yields a double root of the characteristic polynomial in t , which could be erroneously interpreted as two coalesce assembly modes . But , unlike what arises in non-degenerate cases , this double root yields two sets of solutions for the position coordinates ( x , y ) of the platform . In the second situation , we show that the forward kinematics degenerates over the whole joint space if the base and platform triangles are congruent and the platform triangle is rotated by 180 deg about one of its sides . For these `` degenerate '' manipulators , which are defined here for the first time , the forward kinematics is reduced to the solution of a 3rd-degree polynomial and a quadratics in sequence . Such manipulators constitute , in turn , a new family of analytic planar manipulators that would be more suitable for industrial applications .
0707.2228	cs.RO	Kinematic Analysis of a Family of 3R Manipulators	The workspace topologies of a family of 3-revolute ( 3R ) positioning manipulators are enumerated . The workspace is characterized in a half-cross section by the singular curves . The workspace topology is defined by the number of cusps that appear on these singular curves . The design parameters space is shown to be divided into five domains where all manipulators have the same number of cusps . Each separating surface is given as an explicit expression in the DH-parameters . As an application of this work , we provide a necessary and sufficient condition for a 3R orthogonal manipulator to be cuspidal , i.e . to change posture without meeting a singularity . This condition is set as an explicit expression in the DH parameters .
0707.2229	cs.RO	The Computation of All 4R Serial Spherical Wrists With an Isotropic Architecture	A spherical wrist of the serial type with n revolute ( R ) joints is said to be isotropic if it can attain a posture whereby the singular values of its Jacobian matrix are all equal to sqrt ( n/3 ) . What isotropy brings about is robustness to manufacturing , assembly , and measurement errors , thereby guaranteeing a maximum orientation accuracy . In this paper we investigate the existence of redundant isotropic architectures , which should add to the dexterity of the wrist under design by virtue of its extra degree of freedom . The problem formulation , for , leads to a system of eight quadratic equations with eight unknowns . The Bezout number of this system is thus 2^8=256 , its BKK bound being 192 . However , the actual number of solutions is shown to be 32 . We list all solutions of the foregoing algebraic problem . All these solutions are real , but distinct solutions do not necessarily lead to distinct manipulators . Upon discarding those algebraic solutions that yield no new wrists , we end up with exactly eight distinct architectures , the eight corresponding manipulators being displayed at their isotropic postures .
0707.2238	cs.RO	A design oriented study for 3R Orthogonal Manipulators With Geometric Simplifications	This paper proposes a method to calculate the largest Regular Dextrous Workspace ( RDW ) of some types of three-revolute orthogonal manipulators that have at least one of their DH parameters equal to zero . Then a new performance index based on the RDW is introduced , the isocontours of this index are plotted in the parameter space of the interesting types of manipulators and finally an inspection of the domains of the parameter spaces is conducted in order to identify the better manipulator architectures . The RDW is a part of the workspace whose shape is regular ( cube , cylinder ) and the performances ( conditioning index ) are bounded inside . The groups of 3R orthogonal manipulators studied have interesting kinematic properties such as , a well-connected workspace that is fully reachable with four inverse kinematic solutions and that does not contain any void . This study is of high interest for the design of alternative manipulator geometries .
