0705.1876	cs.DS cs.DM	Scheduling Dags under Uncertainty	This paper introduces a parallel scheduling problem where a directed acyclic graph modeling $ t $ tasks and their dependencies needs to be executed on $ n $ unreliable workers . Worker $ i $ executes task $ j $ correctly with probability $ p_ { i , j } $ . The goal is to find a regimen $ \Sigma $ , that dictates how workers get assigned to tasks ( possibly in parallel and redundantly ) throughout execution , so as to minimize the expected completion time . This fundamental parallel scheduling problem arises in grid computing and project management fields , and has several applications . We show a polynomial time algorithm for the problem restricted to the case when dag width is at most a constant and the number of workers is also at most a constant . These two restrictions may appear to be too severe . However , they are fundamentally required . Specifically , we demonstrate that the problem is NP-hard with constant number of workers when dag width can grow , and is also NP-hard with constant dag width when the number of workers can grow . When both dag width and the number of workers are unconstrained , then the problem is inapproximable within factor less than 5/4 , unless P=NP .
0705.1886	cs.IR	Ontology-Supported and Ontology-Driven Conceptual Navigation on the World Wide Web	This paper presents the principles of ontology-supported and ontology-driven conceptual navigation . Conceptual navigation realizes the independence between resources and links to facilitate interoperability and reusability . An engine builds dynamic links , assembles resources under an argumentative scheme and allows optimization with a possible constraint , such as the user 's available time . Among several strategies , two are discussed in detail with examples of applications . On the one hand , conceptual specifications for linking and assembling are embedded in the resource meta-description with the support of the ontology of the domain to facilitate meta-communication . Resources are like agents looking for conceptual acquaintances with intention . On the other hand , the domain ontology and an argumentative ontology drive the linking and assembling strategies .
0705.1915	cs.PF	A Technical Report On Grid Benchmarking using ATLAS V.O	Grids include heterogeneous resources , which are based on different hardware and software architectures or components . In correspondence with this diversity of the infrastructure , the execution time of any single job , as well as the total grid performance can both be affected substantially , which can be demonstrated by measurements . Running a simple benchmarking suite can show this heterogeneity and give us results about the differences over the grid sites .
0705.1919	cs.IT cs.CR math.IT	Optimal Watermark Embedding and Detection Strategies Under Limited Detection Resources	An information-theoretic approach is proposed to watermark embedding and detection under limited detector resources . First , we consider the attack-free scenario under which asymptotically optimal decision regions in the Neyman-Pearson sense are proposed , along with the optimal embedding rule . Later , we explore the case of zero-mean i.i.d . Gaussian covertext distribution with unknown variance under the attack-free scenario . For this case , we propose a lower bound on the exponential decay rate of the false-negative probability and prove that the optimal embedding and detecting strategy is superior to the customary linear , additive embedding strategy in the exponential sense . Finally , these results are extended to the case of memoryless attacks and general worst case attacks . Optimal decision regions and embedding rules are offered , and the worst attack channel is identified .
0705.1922	cs.IT math.IT	Crystallization in large wireless networks	We analyze fading interference relay networks where M single-antenna source-destination terminal pairs communicate concurrently and in the same frequency band through a set of K single-antenna relays using half-duplex two-hop relaying . Assuming that the relays have channel state information ( CSI ) , it is shown that in the large-M limit , provided K grows fast enough as a function of M , the network `` decouples '' in the sense that the individual source-destination terminal pair capacities are strictly positive . The corresponding required rate of growth of K as a function of M is found to be sufficient to also make the individual source-destination fading links converge to nonfading links . We say that the network `` crystallizes '' as it breaks up into a set of effectively isolated `` wires in the air '' . A large-deviations analysis is performed to characterize the `` crystallization '' rate , i.e. , the rate ( as a function of M , K ) at which the decoupled links converge to nonfading links . In the course of this analysis , we develop a new technique for characterizing the large-deviations behavior of certain sums of dependent random variables . For the case of no CSI at the relay level , assuming amplify-and-forward relaying , we compute the per source-destination terminal pair capacity for M , K converging to infinity , with K/M staying fixed , using tools from large random matrix theory .
0705.1925	cs.MM cs.CR	Double Sided Watermark Embedding and Detection with Perceptual Analysis	In our previous work , we introduced a double-sided technique that utilizes but not reject the host interference . Due to its nice property of utilizing but not rejecting the host interference , it has a big advantage over the host interference schemes in that the perceptual analysis can be easily implemented for our scheme to achieve the locally bounded maximum embedding strength . Thus , in this work , we detail how to implement the perceptual analysis in our double-sided schemes since the perceptual analysis is very important for improving the fidelity of watermarked contents . Through the extensive performance comparisons , we can further validate the performance advantage of our double-sided schemes .
0705.1939	cs.NI cs.PF	Towards Informative Statistical Flow Inversion	A problem which has recently attracted research attention is that of estimating the distribution of flow sizes in internet traffic . On high traffic links it is sometimes impossible to record every packet . Researchers have approached the problem of estimating flow lengths from sampled packet data in two separate ways . Firstly , different sampling methodologies can be tried to more accurately measure the desired system parameters . One such method is the sample-and-hold method where , if a packet is sampled , all subsequent packets in that flow are sampled . Secondly , statistical methods can be used to `` invert '' the sampled data and produce an estimate of flow lengths from a sample . In this paper we propose , implement and test two variants on the sample-and-hold method . In addition we show how the sample-and-hold method can be inverted to get an estimation of the genuine distribution of flow sizes . Experiments are carried out on real network traces to compare standard packet sampling with three variants of sample-and-hold . The methods are compared for their ability to reconstruct the genuine distribution of flow sizes in the traffic .
0705.1956	cs.CG	A Branch and Cut Algorithm for the Halfspace Depth Problem	The concept of data depth in non-parametric multivariate descriptive statistics is the generalization of the univariate rank method to multivariate data . Halfspace depth is a measure of data depth . Given a set S of points and a point p , the halfspace depth ( or rank ) k of p is defined as the minimum number of points of S contained in any closed halfspace with p on its boundary . Computing halfspace depth is NP-hard , and it is equivalent to the Maximum Feasible Subsystem problem . In this thesis a mixed integer program is formulated with the big-M method for the halfspace depth problem . We suggest a branch and cut algorithm . In this algorithm , Chinneck 's heuristic algorithm is used to find an upper bound and a related technique based on sensitivity analysis is used for branching . Irreducible Infeasible Subsystem ( IIS ) hitting set cuts are applied . We also suggest a binary search algorithm which may be more stable numerically . The algorithms are implemented with the BCP framework from the COIN-OR project .
0705.1970	cs.DS	A Closed-Form Method for LRU Replacement under Generalized Power-Law Demand	We consider the well known \emph { Least Recently Used } ( LRU ) replacement algorithm and analyze it under the independent reference model and generalized power-law demand . For this extensive family of demand distributions we derive a closed-form expression for the per object steady-state hit ratio . To the best of our knowledge , this is the first analytic derivation of the per object hit ratio of LRU that can be obtained in constant time without requiring laborious numeric computations or simulation . Since most applications of replacement algorithms include ( at least ) some scenarios under i.i.d . requests , our method has substantial practical value , especially when having to analyze multiple caches , where existing numeric methods and simulation become too time consuming .
0705.1986	cs.DS	On the Hopcroft 's minimization algorithm	We show that the absolute worst case time complexity for Hopcroft's minimization algorithm applied to unary languages is reached only for de Bruijn words . A previous paper by Berstel and Carton gave the example of de Bruijn words as a language that requires O ( n log n ) steps by carefully choosing the splitting sets and processing these sets in a FIFO mode . We refine the previous result by showing that the Berstel/Carton example is actually the absolute worst case time complexity in the case of unary languages . We also show that a LIFO implementation will not achieve the same worst time complexity for the case of unary languages . Lastly , we show that the same result is valid also for the cover automata and a modification of the Hopcroft 's algorithm , modification used in minimization of cover automata .
0705.1999	cs.AI cs.LO	A first-order Temporal Logic for Actions	We present a multi-modal action logic with first-order modalities , which contain terms which can be unified with the terms inside the subsequent formulas and which can be quantified . This makes it possible to handle simultaneously time and states . We discuss applications of this language to action theory where it is possible to express many temporal aspects of actions , as for example , beginning , end , time points , delayed preconditions and results , duration and many others . We present tableaux rules for a decidable fragment of this logic .
0705.2009	cs.IT math.IT	Bit-Interleaved Coded Multiple Beamforming with Imperfect CSIT	This paper addresses the performance of bit-interleaved coded multiple beamforming ( BICMB ) [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] with imperfect knowledge of beamforming vectors . Most studies for limited-rate channel state information at the transmitter ( CSIT ) assume that the precoding matrix has an invariance property under an arbitrary unitary transform . In BICMB , this property does not hold . On the other hand , the optimum precoder and detector for BICMB are invariant under a diagonal unitary transform . In order to design a limited-rate CSIT system for BICMB , we propose a new distortion measure optimum under this invariance . Based on this new distortion measure , we introduce a new set of centroids and employ the generalized Lloyd algorithm for codebook design . We provide simulation results demonstrating the performance improvement achieved with the proposed distortion measure and the codebook design for various receivers with linear detectors . We show that although these receivers have the same performance for perfect CSIT , their performance varies under imperfect CSIT .
0705.2011	cs.AI cs.CV	Multi-Dimensional Recurrent Neural Networks	Recurrent neural networks ( RNNs ) have proved effective at one dimensional sequence learning tasks , such as speech and online handwriting recognition . Some of the properties that make RNNs suitable for such tasks , for example robustness to input warping , and the ability to access contextual information , are also desirable in multidimensional domains . However , there has so far been no direct way of applying RNNs to data with more than one spatio-temporal dimension . This paper introduces multi-dimensional recurrent neural networks ( MDRNNs ) , thereby extending the potential applicability of RNNs to vision , video processing , medical imaging and many other areas , while avoiding the scaling problems that have plagued other multi-dimensional models . Experimental results are provided for two image segmentation tasks .
0705.2065	cs.DC cs.PF	Mean Field Models of Message Throughput in Dynamic Peer-to-Peer Systems	The churn rate of a peer-to-peer system places direct limitations on the rate at which messages can be effectively communicated to a group of peers . These limitations are independent of the topology and message transmission latency . In this paper we consider a peer-to-peer network , based on the Engset model , where peers arrive and depart independently at random . We show how the arrival and departure rates directly limit the capacity for message streams to be broadcast to all other peers , by deriving mean field models that accurately describe the system behavior . Our models cover the unit and more general k buffer cases , i.e . where a peer can buffer at most k messages at any one time , and we give results for both single and multi-source message streams . We define coverage rate as peer-messages per unit time , i.e . the rate at which a number of peers receive messages , and show that the coverage rate is limited by the churn rate and buffer size . Our theory introduces an Instantaneous Message Exchange ( IME ) model and provides a template for further analysis of more complicated systems . Using the IME model , and assuming random processes , we have obtained very accurate equations of the system dynamics in a variety of interesting cases , that allow us to tune a peer-to-peer system . It remains to be seen if we can maintain this accuracy for general processes and when applying a non-instantaneous model .
