0705.3888	cs.LO	Symbolic Reachability Analysis of Higher-Order Context-Free Processes	We consider the problem of symbolic reachability analysis of higher-order context-free processes . These models are generalizations of the context-free processes ( also called BPA processes ) where each process manipulates a data structure which can be seen as a nested stack of stacks . Our main result is that , for any higher-order context-free process , the set of all predecessors of a given regular set of configurations is regular and effectively constructible . This result generalizes the analogous result which is known for level 1 context-free processes . We show that this result holds also in the case of backward reachability analysis under a regular constraint on configurations . As a corollary , we obtain a symbolic model checking algorithm for the temporal logic E ( U , X ) with regular atomic predicates , i.e. , the fragment of CTL restricted to the EU and EX modalities .
0705.4045	cs.IT math.IT	The use of the logarithm of the variate in the calculation of differential entropy among certain related statistical distributions	This paper demonstrates that basic statistics ( mean , variance ) of the logarithm of the variate itself can be used in the calculation of differential entropy among random variables known to be multiples and powers of a common underlying variate . For the same set of distributions , the variance of the differential self-information is shown also to be a function of statistics of the logarithmic variate . Then entropy and its `` variance '' can be estimated using only statistics of the logarithmic variate plus constants , without reference to the traditional parameters of the variate .
0705.4064	cs.LO	On Term Rewriting Systems Having a Rational Derivation	Several types of term rewriting systems can be distinguished by the way their rules overlap . In particular , we define the classes of prefix , suffix , bottom-up and top-down systems , which generalize similar classes on words . Our aim is to study the derivation relation of such systems ( i.e . the reflexive and transitive closure of their rewriting relation ) and , if possible , to provide a finite mechanism characterizing it . Using a notion of rational relations based on finite graph grammars , we show that the derivation of any bottom-up , top-down or suffix systems is rational , while it can be non recursive for prefix systems .
0705.4085	cs.CG	The Distance Geometry of Music	We demonstrate relationships between the classic Euclidean algorithm and many other fields of study , particularly in the context of music and distance geometry . Specifically , we show how the structure of the Euclidean algorithm defines a family of rhythms which encompass over forty timelines ( \emph { ostinatos } ) from traditional world music . We prove that these \emph { Euclidean rhythms } have the mathematical property that their onset patterns are distributed as evenly as possible : they maximize the sum of the Euclidean distances between all pairs of onsets , viewing onsets as points on a circle . Indeed , Euclidean rhythms are the unique rhythms that maximize this notion of \emph { evenness } . We also show that essentially all Euclidean rhythms are \emph { deep } : each distinct distance between onsets occurs with a unique multiplicity , and these multiplicies form an interval $ 1,2 , ... , k-1 $ . Finally , we characterize all deep rhythms , showing that they form a subclass of generated rhythms , which in turn proves a useful property called shelling . All of our results for musical rhythms apply equally well to musical scales . In addition , many of the problems we explore are interesting in their own right as distance geometry problems on the circle ; some of the same problems were explored by Erd\H { o } s in the plane .
0705.4094	cs.GT	Efficiency and Nash Equilibria in a Scrip System for P2P Networks	A model of providing service in a P2P network is analyzed . It is shown that by adding a scrip system , a mechanism that admits a reasonable Nash equilibrium that reduces free riding can be obtained . The effect of varying the total amount of money ( scrip ) in the system on efficiency ( i.e. , social welfare ) is analyzed , and it is shown that by maintaining the appropriate ratio between the total amount of money and the number of agents , efficiency is maximized . The work has implications for many online systems , not only P2P networks but also a wide variety of online forums for which scrip systems are popular , but formal analyses have been lacking .
0705.4110	cs.GT	Optimizing Scrip Systems : Efficiency , Crashes , Hoarders , and Altruists	We discuss the design of efficient scrip systems and develop tools for empirically analyzing them . For those interested in the empirical study of scrip systems , we demonstrate how characteristics of agents in a system can be inferred from the equilibrium distribution of money . From the perspective of a system designer , we examine the effect of the money supply on social welfare and show that social welfare is maximized by increasing the money supply up to the point that the system experiences a `` monetary crash , '' where money is sufficiently devalued that no agent is willing to perform a service . We also examine the implications of the presence of altruists and hoarders on the performance of the system . While a small number of altruists may improve social welfare , too many can also cause the system to experience a monetary crash , which may be bad for social welfare . Hoarders generally decrease social welfare but , surprisingly , they also promote system stability by helping prevent monetary crashes . In addition , we provide new technical tools for analyzing and computing equilibria by showing that our model exhibits strategic complementarities , which implies that there exist equilibria in pure strategies that can be computed efficiently .
0705.4134	cs.IT cs.CC cs.CR math.IT	The Battery-Discharge-Model : A Class of Stochastic Finite Automata to Simulate Multidimensional Continued Fraction Expansion	We define an infinite stochastic state machine , the Battery-Discharge-Model ( BDM ) , which simulates the behaviour of linear and jump complexity of the continued fraction expansion of multidimensional formal power series , a relevant security measure in the cryptanalysis of stream ciphers . We also obtain finite approximations to the infinite BDM , where polynomially many states suffice to approximate with an exponentially small error the probabilities and averages for linear and jump complexity of M-multisequences of length n over the finite field F_q , for any M , n , q .
0705.4138	cs.IT cs.CC cs.CR math.IT	The Asymptotic Normalized Linear Complexity of Multisequences	We show that the asymptotic linear complexity of a multisequence a in F_q^\infty that is I : = liminf L_a ( n ) /n and S : = limsup L_a ( n ) /n satisfy the inequalities M/ ( M+1 ) < = S < = 1 and M ( 1-S ) < = I < = 1-S/M , if all M sequences have nonzero discrepancy infinitely often , and all pairs ( I , S ) satisfying these conditions are met by 2^ { \aleph_0 } multisequences a . This answers an Open Problem by Dai , Imamura , and Yang . Keywords : Linear complexity , multisequence , Battery Discharge Model , isometry .
