0711.0251	cs.DS	Faster Algorithms for Online Topological Ordering	We present two algorithms for maintaining the topological order of a directed acyclic graph with n vertices , under an online edge insertion sequence of m edges . Efficient algorithms for online topological ordering have many applications , including online cycle detection , which is to discover the first edge that introduces a cycle under an arbitrary sequence of edge insertions in a directed graph . In this paper we present efficient algorithms for the online topological ordering problem . We first present a simple algorithm with running time O ( n^ { 5/2 } ) for the online topological ordering problem . This is the current fastest algorithm for this problem on dense graphs , i.e. , when m > n^ { 5/3 } . We then present an algorithm with running time O ( ( m + nlog n ) \sqrt { m } ) ; this is more efficient for sparse graphs . Our results yield an improved upper bound of O ( min ( n^ { 5/2 } , ( m + nlog n ) sqrt { m } ) ) for the online topological ordering problem .
0711.0259	cs.GT	Diversification in the Internet Economy : The Role of For-Profit Mediators	We investigate market forces that would lead to the emergence of new classes of players in the sponsored search market . We report a 3-fold diversification triggered by two inherent features of the sponsored search market , namely , capacity constraints and collusion-vulnerability of current mechanisms . In the first scenario , we present a comparative study of two models motivated by capacity constraints - one where the additional capacity is provided by for-profit agents , who compete for slots in the original auction , draw traffic , and run their own sub-auctions , and the other , where the additional capacity is provided by the auctioneer herself , by essentially acting as a mediator and running a single combined auction . This study was initiated by us in \cite { SRGR07 } , where the mediator-based model was studied . In the present work , we study the auctioneer-based model and show that this model seems inferior to the mediator-based model in terms of revenue or efficiency guarantee due to added capacity . In the second scenario , we initiate a game theoretic study of current sponsored search auctions , involving incentive driven mediators who exploit the fact that these mechanisms are not collusion-resistant . In particular , we show that advertisers can improve their payoffs by using the services of the mediator compared to directly participating in the auction , and that the mediator can also obtain monetary benefit , without violating incentive constraints from the advertisers who do not use its services . We also point out that the auctioneer can not do very much via mechanism design to avoid such for-profit mediation without losing badly in terms of revenue , and therefore , the mediators are likely to prevail .
0711.0261	cs.IT math.IT	Gradient Descent Bit Flipping Algorithms for Decoding LDPC Codes	A novel class of bit-flipping ( BF ) algorithms for decoding low-density parity-check ( LDPC ) codes is presented . The proposed algorithms , which are called gradient descent bit flipping ( GDBF ) algorithms , can be regarded as simplified gradient descent algorithms . Based on gradient descent formulation , the proposed algorithms are naturally derived from a simple non-linear objective function .
0711.0277	cs.IT math.IT	Bandwidth Partitioning in Decentralized Wireless Networks	This paper addresses the following question , which is of interest in the design of a multiuser decentralized network . Given a total system bandwidth of W Hz and a fixed data rate constraint of R bps for each transmission , how many frequency slots N of size W/N should the band be partitioned into in order to maximize the number of simultaneous links in the network ? Dividing the available spectrum results in two competing effects . On the positive side , a larger N allows for more parallel , noninterfering communications to take place in the same area . On the negative side , a larger N increases the SINR requirement for each link because the same information rate must be achieved over less bandwidth . Exploring this tradeoff and determining the optimum value of N in terms of the system parameters is the focus of the paper . Using stochastic geometry , the optimal SINR threshold - which directly corresponds to the optimal spectral efficiency - is derived for both the low SNR ( power-limited ) and high SNR ( interference-limited ) regimes . This leads to the optimum choice of the number of frequency bands N in terms of the path loss exponent , power and noise spectral density , desired rate , and total bandwidth .
0711.0301	cs.NI	Throughput Optimal On-Line Algorithms for Advanced Resource Reservation in Ultra High-Speed Networks	Advanced channel reservation is emerging as an important feature of ultra high-speed networks requiring the transfer of large files . Applications include scientific data transfers and database backup . In this paper , we present two new , on-line algorithms for advanced reservation , called BatchAll and BatchLim , that are guaranteed to achieve optimal throughput performance , based on multi-commodity flow arguments . Both algorithms are shown to have polynomial-time complexity and provable bounds on the maximum delay for 1+epsilon bandwidth augmented networks . The BatchLim algorithm returns the completion time of a connection immediately as a request is placed , but at the expense of a slightly looser competitive ratio than that of BatchAll . We also present a simple approach that limits the number of parallel paths used by the algorithms while provably bounding the maximum reduction factor in the transmission throughput . We show that , although the number of different paths can be exponentially large , the actual number of paths needed to approximate the flow is quite small and proportional to the number of edges in the network . Simulations for a number of topologies show that , in practice , 3 to 5 parallel paths are sufficient to achieve close to optimal performance . The performance of the competitive algorithms are also compared to a greedy benchmark , both through analysis and simulation .
0711.0311	cs.DM cs.DS	Improving the LP bound of a MILP by branching concurrently	We 'll measure the differences of the dual variables and the gain of the objective function when creating new problems , which each has one inequality more than the starting LP-instance . These differences of the dual variables are naturally connected to the branches . Then we 'll choose those differences of dual variables , so that for all combinations of choices at the connected branches , all dual inequalities will hold for sure . By adding the gain of each chosen branching , we get a total gain , which gives a better limit of the original problem . By this technique it is also possible to create cuts .
0711.0314	cs.DC	Resource and Application Models for Advanced Grid Schedulers	As Grid computing is becoming an inevitable future , managing , scheduling and monitoring dynamic , heterogeneous resources will present new challenges . Solutions will have to be agile and adaptive , support self-organization and autonomous management , while maintaining optimal resource utilisation . Presented in this paper are basic principles and architectural concepts for efficient resource allocation in heterogeneous Grid environment .
0711.0315	cs.DC	Measuring and Monitoring Grid Resource Utilisation	Effective resource utilisation monitoring and highly granular yet adaptive measurements are prerequisites for a more efficient Grid scheduler . We present a suite of measurement applications able to monitor per-process resource utilisation , and a customisable tool for emulating observed utilisation models .
0711.0316	cs.DC	A Study of Grid Applications : Scheduling Perspective	As the Grid evolves from a high performance cluster middleware to a multipurpose utility computing framework , a good understanding of Grid applications , their statistics and utilisation patterns is required . This study looks at job execution times and resource utilisations in a Grid environment , and their significance in cluster and network dimensioning , local level scheduling and resource management .
0711.0325	cs.DC	Self-Organising management of Grid environments	This paper presents basic concepts , architectural principles and algorithms for efficient resource and security management in cluster computing environments and the Grid . The work presented in this paper is funded by BTExacT and the EPSRC project SO-GRM ( GR/S21939 ) .
0711.0326	cs.DC	Enabling Adaptive Grid Scheduling and Resource Management	Wider adoption of the Grid concept has led to an increasing amount of federated computational , storage and visualisation resources being available to scientists and researchers . Distributed and heterogeneous nature of these resources renders most of the legacy cluster monitoring and management approaches inappropriate , and poses new challenges in workflow scheduling on such systems . Effective resource utilisation monitoring and highly granular yet adaptive measurements are prerequisites for a more efficient Grid scheduler . We present a suite of measurement applications able to monitor per-process resource utilisation , and a customisable tool for emulating observed utilisation models . We also outline our future work on a predictive and probabilistic Grid scheduler . The research is undertaken as part of UK e-Science EPSRC sponsored project SO-GRM ( Self-Organising Grid Resource Management ) in cooperation with BT .
0711.0327	cs.DC	Managing Uncertainty : A Case for Probabilistic Grid Scheduling	The Grid technology is evolving into a global , service-orientated architecture , a universal platform for delivering future high demand computational services . Strong adoption of the Grid and the utility computing concept is leading to an increasing number of Grid installations running a wide range of applications of different size and complexity . In this paper we address the problem of elivering deadline/economy based scheduling in a heterogeneous application environment using statistical properties of job historical executions and its associated meta-data . This approach is motivated by a study of six-month computational load generated by Grid applications in a multi-purpose Grid cluster serving a community of twenty e-Science projects . The observed job statistics , resource utilisation and user behaviour is discussed in the context of management approaches and models most suitable for supporting a probabilistic and autonomous scheduling architecture .
0711.0344	cs.PL cs.SE	Automatic Coding Rule Conformance Checking Using Logic Programs	Some approaches to increasing program reliability involve a disciplined use of programming languages so as to minimise the hazards introduced by error-prone features . This is realised by writing code that is constrained to a subset of the a priori admissible programs , and that , moreover , may use only a subset of the language . These subsets are determined by a collection of so-called coding rules .
0711.0345	cs.PL cs.SE	A Prolog-based Environment for Reasoning about Programming Languages ( Extended abstract )	ECLAIR is a Prolog-based prototype system aiming to provide a functionally complete environment for the study , development and evaluation of programming language analysis and implementation tools . In this paper , we sketch the overall structure of the system , outlining the main methodologies and technologies underlying its components . We also discuss the appropriateness of Prolog as the implementation language for the system : besides highlighting its strengths , we also point out a few potential weaknesses , hinting at possible solutions .
0711.0348	cs.PL cs.SE	Compiling ER Specifications into Declarative Programs	This paper proposes an environment to support high-level database programming in a declarative programming language . In order to ensure safe database updates , all access and update operations related to the database are generated from high-level descriptions in the entity- relationship ( ER ) model . We propose a representation of ER diagrams in the declarative language Curry so that they can be constructed by various tools and then translated into this representation . Furthermore , we have implemented a compiler from this representation into a Curry program that provides access and update operations based on a high-level API for database programming .
0711.0351	cs.IT cs.CC math.IT	Noise threshold for universality of 2-input gates	Evans and Pippenger showed in 1998 that noisy gates with 2 inputs are universal for arbitrary computation ( i.e . can compute any function with bounded error ) , if all gates fail independently with probability epsilon and epsilon < theta , where theta is roughly 8.856 % . We show that formulas built from gates with 2 inputs , in which each gate fails with probability at least theta can not be universal . Hence , there is a threshold on the tolerable noise for formulas with 2-input gates and it is theta . We conjecture that the same threshold also holds for circuits .
0711.0366	cs.IT math.IT	Shannon Theoretic Limits on Noisy Compressive Sampling	In this paper , we study the number of measurements required to recover a sparse signal in $ { \mathbb C } ^M $ with $ L $ non-zero coefficients from compressed samples in the presence of noise . For a number of different recovery criteria , we prove that $ O ( L ) $ ( an asymptotically linear multiple of $ L $ ) measurements are necessary and sufficient if $ L $ grows linearly as a function of $ M $ . This improves on the existing literature that is mostly focused on variants of a specific recovery algorithm based on convex programming , for which $ O ( L\log ( M-L ) ) $ measurements are required . We also show that $ O ( L\log ( M-L ) ) $ measurements are required in the sublinear regime ( $ L = o ( M ) $ ) .
