0712.4209	cs.IT math.IT	The Generalized Random Energy Model and its Application to the Statistical Physics of Ensembles of Hierarchical Codes	In an earlier work , the statistical physics associated with finite -- temperature decoding of code ensembles , along with the relation to their random coding error exponents , were explored in a framework that is analogous to Derrida 's random energy model ( REM ) of spin glasses , according to which the energy levels of the various spin configurations are independent random variables . The generalized REM ( GREM ) extends the REM in that it introduces correlations between energy levels in an hierarchical structure . In this paper , we explore some analogies between the behavior of the GREM and that of code ensembles which have parallel hierarchical structures . In particular , in analogy to the fact that the GREM may have different types of phase transition effects , depending on the parameters of the model , then the above -- mentioned hierarchical code ensembles behave substantially differently in the various domains of the design parameters of these codes . We make an attempt to explore the insights that can be imported from the statistical mechanics of the GREM and be harnessed to serve for code design considerations and guidelines .
0712.4215	cs.OH	Cyberspace security : How to develop a security strategy	Despite all visible dividers , the Internet is getting us closer and closer , but with a great price . Our security is the price . The international community is fully aware of the urgent need to secure the cyberspace as you see the multiplication of security standards and national schemes interpreting them beyond borders : ISO 15408 , ISO 17799 , and ISO 27001 . Even though some countries , including the Security Big Six ( SB6 ) , are equipped with their security books and may feel relatively safe ; this remains a wrong sense of security as long as they share their networks with entities of less security . The standards impose security best practices and system specifications for the development of information security management systems . Partners beyond borders have to be secure as this is only possible if all entities connected to the partnership remain secure . Unfortunately , there is no way to verify the continuous security of partners without periodic security auditing and certification , and members who do not comply should be barred from the partnership . This concept also applies to the cyber space or the electronic society . In order to clean our society from cyber crimes and cyber terrorism we need to impose strict security policies and enforce them in a cooperative manner . The paper discusses a country 's effort in the development of a national security strategy given its security economic intelligence position , its security readiness , and its adverse exposure .
0712.4222	cs.LO	Weak Affine Light Typing : Polytime intensional expressivity , soundness and completeness	Weak affine light typing ( WALT ) assigns light affine linear formulae as types to a subset of lambda-terms in System F. WALT is poly-time sound : if a lambda-term M has type in WALT , M can be evaluated with a polynomial cost in the dimension of the derivation that gives it a type . In particular , the evaluation can proceed under any strategy of a rewriting relation , obtained as a mix of both call-by-name/call-by-value beta-reductions . WALT is poly-time complete since it can represent any poly-time Turing machine . WALT weakens , namely generalizes , the notion of stratification of deductions common to some Light Systems -- we call as such those logical systems , derived from Linear logic , to characterize FP , the set of Polynomial functions -- . A weaker stratification allows to define a compositional embedding of the Quasi-linear fragment QlSRN of Safe recursion on notation ( SRN ) into WALT . QlSRN is SRN , which is a recursive-theoretical system characterizing FP , where only the composition scheme is restricted to linear safe variables . So , the expressivity of WALT is stronger , as compared to the known Light Systems . In particular , using the types , the embedding puts in evidence the stratification of normal and safe arguments hidden in QlSRN : the less an argument is impredicative , the deeper , in a formal , proof-theoretical sense , gets its representation in WALT .
0712.4248	cs.SC q-bio.MN q-bio.QM	Computer algebra in systems biology	Systems biology focuses on the study of entire biological systems rather than on their individual components . With the emergence of high-throughput data generation technologies for molecular biology and the development of advanced mathematical modeling techniques , this field promises to provide important new insights . At the same time , with the availability of increasingly powerful computers , computer algebra has developed into a useful tool for many applications . This article illustrates the use of computer algebra in systems biology by way of a well-known gene regulatory network , the Lac Operon in the bacterium E. coli .
0712.4279	cs.CC	Disjointness is hard in the multi-party number on the forehead model	We show that disjointness requires randomized communication Omega ( n^ { 1/ ( k+1 ) } /2^ { 2^k } ) in the general k-party number-on-the-forehead model of complexity . The previous best lower bound for k > = 3 was log ( n ) / ( k-1 ) . Our results give a separation between nondeterministic and randomized multiparty number-on-the-forehead communication complexity for up to k=log log n - O ( log log log n ) many players . Also by a reduction of Beame , Pitassi , and Segerlind , these results imply subexponential lower bounds on the size of proofs needed to refute certain unsatisfiable CNFs in a broad class of proof systems , including tree-like Lovasz-Schrijver proofs .
