0712.3088	cs.LO cs.PL	Clones and Genoids in Lambda Calculus and First Order Logic	A genoid is a category of two objects such that one is the product of itself with the other . A genoid may be viewed as an abstract substitution algebra . It is a remarkable fact that such a simple concept can be applied to present a unified algebraic approach to lambda calculus and first order logic .
0712.3113	cs.PL cs.SE	Optimizing Queries in a Logic-based Information Integration System	The SINTAGMA information integration system is an infrastructure for accessing several different information sources together . Besides providing a uniform interface to the information sources ( databases , web services , web sites , RDF resources , XML files ) , semantic integration is also needed . Semantic integration is carried out by providing a high-level model and the mappings to the models of the sources . When executing a query of the high level model , a query is transformed to a low-level query plan , which is a piece of Prolog code that answers the high-level query . This transformation is done in two phases . First , the Query Planner produces a plan as a logic formula expressing the low-level query . Next , the Query Optimizer transforms this formula to executable Prolog code and optimizes it according to structural and statistical information about the information sources . This article discusses the main ideas of the optimization algorithm and its implementation .
0712.3115	cs.SE	Software ( Re- ) Engineering with PSF II : from architecture to implementation	This paper presents ongoing research on the application of PSF in the field of software engineering and reengineering . We build a new implementation for the simulator of the PSF Toolkit starting from the specification in PSF of the architecture of a simple simulator and extend it with features to obtain the architecture of a full simulator . We apply refining and constraining techniques on the specification of the architecture to obtain a specification low enough to build an implementation from .
0712.3116	cs.PL cs.SE	Proceedings of the 17th Workshop on Logic-based methods in Programming Environments ( WLPE 2007 )	This volume contains the papers presented at WLPE 2007 : the 17th Workshop on Logic-based Methods in Programming Environments on 13th September , 2007 in Porto , Portugal . It was held as a satellite workshop of ICLP 2007 , the 23th International Conference on Logic Programming .
0712.3128	cs.SE	Software ( Re- ) Engineering with PSF III : an IDE for PSF	We describe the design of an integrated development environment ( IDE ) for PSF . In the software engineering process we used process algebra in the form of PSF for the specification of the architecture of the IDE . This specification is refined to a PSF specification of the IDE system as a ToolBus application , by applying vertical and horizontal implementation techniques . We implemented the various tools as specified and connected them with a ToolBus script extracted from the system specification .
0712.3137	cs.CC physics.comp-ph	Phase transition and computational complexity in a stochastic prime number generator	We introduce a prime number generator in the form of a stochastic algorithm . The character of such algorithm gives rise to a continuous phase transition which distinguishes a phase where the algorithm is able to reduce the whole system of numbers into primes and a phase where the system reaches a frozen state with low prime density . In this paper we firstly pretend to give a broad characterization of this phase transition , both in terms of analytical and numerical analysis . Critical exponents are calculated , and data collapse is provided . Further on we redefine the model as a search problem , fitting it in the hallmark of computational complexity theory . We suggest that the system belongs to the class NP . The computational cost is maximal around the threshold , as common in many algorithmic phase transitions , revealing the presence of an easy-hard-easy pattern . We finally relate the nature of the phase transition to an average-case classification of the problem .
0712.3146	cs.GT	Dynamic Logic of Common Knowledge in a Proof Assistant	Common Knowledge Logic is meant to describe situations of the real world where a group of agents is involved . These agents share knowledge and make strong statements on the knowledge of the other agents ( the so called \emph { common knowledge } ) . But as we know , the real world changes and overall information on what is known about the world changes as well . The changes are described by dynamic logic . To describe knowledge changes , dynamic logic should be combined with logic of common knowledge . In this paper we describe experiments which we have made about the integration in a unique framework of common knowledge logic and dynamic logic in the proof assistant \Coq . This results in a set of fully checked proofs for readable statements . We describe the framework and how a proof can be
0712.3147	cs.AI cs.LO	Common knowledge logic in a higher order proof assistant ?	This paper presents experiments on common knowledge logic , conducted with the help of the proof assistant Coq . The main feature of common knowledge logic is the eponymous modality that says that a group of agents shares a knowledge about a certain proposition in a inductive way . This modality is specified by using a fixpoint approach . Furthermore , from these experiments , we discuss and compare the structure of theorems that can be proved in specific theories that use common knowledge logic . Those structures manifests the interplay between the theory ( as implemented in the proof assistant Coq ) and the metatheory .
0712.3150	cs.DM	Interval Colourings of Some Regular Graphs	A lower bound is obtained for the greatest possible number of colors in an interval colourings of some regular graphs .
0712.3155	cs.DM	On Interval Colorings of Complete k-partite Graphs K_ { n } ^ { k }	Problems of existence , construction and estimation of parameters of interval colorings of complete k-partite graphs K_ { n } ^ { k } are investigated .
0712.3203	cs.DS cs.CC cs.CR	Solving Medium-Density Subset Sum Problems in Expected Polynomial Time : An Enumeration Approach	The subset sum problem ( SSP ) can be briefly stated as : given a target integer $ E $ and a set $ A $ containing $ n $ positive integer $ a_j $ , find a subset of $ A $ summing to $ E $ . The \textit { density } $ d $ of an SSP instance is defined by the ratio of $ n $ to $ m $ , where $ m $ is the logarithm of the largest integer within $ A $ . Based on the structural and statistical properties of subset sums , we present an improved enumeration scheme for SSP , and implement it as a complete and exact algorithm ( EnumPlus ) . The algorithm always equivalently reduces an instance to be low-density , and then solve it by enumeration . Through this approach , we show the possibility to design a sole algorithm that can efficiently solve arbitrary density instance in a uniform way . Furthermore , our algorithm has considerable performance advantage over previous algorithms . Firstly , it extends the density scope , in which SSP can be solved in expected polynomial time . Specifically , It solves SSP in expected $ O ( n\log { n } ) $ time when density $ d \geq c\cdot \sqrt { n } /\log { n } $ , while the previously best density scope is $ d \geq c\cdot n/ ( \log { n } ) ^ { 2 } $ . In addition , the overall expected time and space requirement in the average case are proven to be $ O ( n^5\log n ) $ and $ O ( n^5 ) $ respectively . Secondly , in the worst case , it slightly improves the previously best time complexity of exact algorithms for SSP . Specifically , the worst-case time complexity of our algorithm is proved to be $ O ( ( n-6 ) 2^ { n/2 } +n ) $ , while the previously best result is $ O ( n2^ { n/2 } ) $ .
0712.3215	cs.HC	L'accessibilit\'e des E-services aux personnes non-voyantes : difficult\'es d'usage et recommandations	While taking into account handicapped people in the design of technologies represents a social and political stake that becomes important ( in particular with the recent law on equal rights for all the citizens , March 2004 ) , this paper aims at evaluating the level of accessibility of two sites of E-services thanks to tests of use and proposing a set of recommendations in order to increase usability for the largest amount of people .
0712.3220	cs.CY	What is Community Informatics ( and Why Does It Matter ) ?	Community Informatics ( CI ) is the application of information and communications technologies ( ICTs ) to enable community processes and the achievement of community objectives . CI goes beyond the `` Digital Divide '' to making ICT access usable and useful to excluded populations and communities for local economic development , social justice , and political empowerment . CI approaches ICTs from a `` community '' perspective and develops strategies and techniques for managing their use by communities both virtual and physical including the variety of Community Networking applications . CI assumes that both communities have characteristics , requirements , and opportunities that require different strategies for ICT intervention and development from individual access and use . Also , CI addresses ICT use in Developing Countries as well as among the poor , the marginalized , the elderly , or those living in remote locations in Developed Countries . CI is of interest both to ICT practitioners and academic researchers and addresses the connections between the policy and pragmatic issues arising from the tens of thousands of Community Networks , Community Technology Centres , Telecentres , Community Communications Centres , and Telecottages globally along with the rapidly emerging field of electronically based virtual `` communities '' . Michael Gurstein , Ph.D. is Executive Director of the Centre for Community Informatics Research , Development and Training ( Vancouver BC ) , a Director of The Information Society Institute , Cape Peninsula University of Technology , Cape Town South Africa ; and Research Professor in the School of Computer and Information Systems at the New Jersey Institute of Technology , Newark .
0712.3277	cs.IT math.IT	On the Capacity and Energy Efficiency of Training-Based Transmissions over Fading Channels	In this paper , the capacity and energy efficiency of training-based communication schemes employed for transmission over a-priori unknown Rayleigh block fading channels are studied . In these schemes , periodically transmitted training symbols are used at the receiver to obtain the minimum mean-square-error ( MMSE ) estimate of the channel fading coefficients . Initially , the case in which the product of the estimate error and transmitted signal is assumed to be Gaussian noise is considered . In this case , it is shown that bit energy requirements grow without bound as the signal-to-noise ratio ( SNR ) goes to zero , and the minimum bit energy is achieved at a nonzero SNR value below which one should not operate . The effect of the block length on both the minimum bit energy and the SNR value at which the minimum is achieved is investigated . Flash training and transmission schemes are analyzed and shown to improve the energy efficiency in the low-SNR regime . In the second part of the paper , the capacity and energy efficiency of training-based schemes are investigated when the channel input is subject to peak power constraints . The capacity-achieving input structure is characterized and the magnitude distribution of the optimal input is shown to be discrete with a finite number of mass points . The capacity , bit energy requirements , and optimal resource allocation strategies are obtained through numerical analysis . The bit energy is again shown to grow without bound as SNR decreases to zero due to the presence of peakedness constraints . The improvements in energy efficiency when on-off keying with fixed peak power and vanishing duty cycle is employed are studied . Comparisons of the performances of training-based and noncoherent transmission schemes are provided .
0712.3286	cs.IT math.IT	Error Rate Analysis for Peaky Signaling over Fading Channels	In this paper , the performance of signaling strategies with high peak-to-average power ratio is analyzed over both coherent and noncoherent fading channels . Two modulation schemes , namely on-off phase-shift keying ( OOPSK ) and on-off frequency-shift keying ( OOFSK ) , are considered . Initially , uncoded systems are analyzed . For OOPSK and OOFSK , the optimal detector structures are identified and analytical expressions for the error probabilities are obtained for arbitrary constellation sizes . Numerical techniques are employed to compute the error probabilities . It is concluded that increasing the peakedness of the signals results in reduced error rates for a given power level and hence equivalently improves the energy efficiency for fixed error probabilities . The coded performance is also studied by analyzing the random coding error exponents achieved by OOPSK and OOFSK signaling .
0712.3298	cs.IR cs.CL	CLAIRLIB Documentation v1.03	The Clair library is intended to simplify a number of generic tasks in Natural Language Processing ( NLP ) , Information Retrieval ( IR ) , and Network Analysis . Its architecture also allows for external software to be plugged in with very little effort . Functionality native to Clairlib includes Tokenization , Summarization , LexRank , Biased LexRank , Document Clustering , Document Indexing , PageRank , Biased PageRank , Web Graph Analysis , Network Generation , Power Law Distribution Analysis , Network Analysis ( clustering coefficient , degree distribution plotting , average shortest path , diameter , triangles , shortest path matrices , connected components ) , Cosine Similarity , Random Walks on Graphs , Statistics ( distributions , tests ) , Tf , Idf , Community Finding .
0712.3299	cs.OH cs.RO	Computer- and robot-assisted urological surgery	The author reviews the computer and robotic tools available to urologists to help in diagnosis and technical procedures . The first part concerns the contribution of robotics and presents several systems at various stages of development ( laboratory prototypes , systems under validation or marketed systems ) . The second part describes image fusion tools and navigation systems currently under development or evaluation . Several studies on computerized simulation of urological procedures are also presented .
0712.3327	cs.IT math.IT	The capacity of a class of 3-receiver broadcast channels with degraded message sets	Korner and Marton established the capacity region for the 2-receiver broadcast channel with degraded message sets . Recent results and conjectures suggest that a straightforward extension of the Korner-Marton region to more than 2 receivers is optimal . This paper shows that this is not the case . We establish the capacity region for a class of 3-receiver broadcast channels with 2 degraded message sets and show that it can be strictly larger than the straightforward extension of the Korner-Marton region . The key new idea is indirect decoding , whereby a receiver who can not directly decode a cloud center , finds it indirectly by decoding satellite codewords . This idea is then used to establish new inner and outer bounds on the capacity region of the general 3-receiver broadcast channel with 2 and 3 degraded message sets . We show that these bounds are tight for some nontrivial cases . The results suggest that the capacity of the 3-receiver broadcast channel with degraded message sets is as at least as hard to find as the capacity of the general 2-receiver broadcast channel with common and private message .
0712.3433	cs.HC	AccelKey Selection Method for Mobile Devices	Portable Electronic Devices usually utilize a small screen with limited viewing area and a keyboard with a limited number of keys . This makes it difficult to perform quick searches in data arrays containing more than dozen items such an address book or song list . In this article we present a new data selection method which allows the user to quickly select an entry from a list using 4-way navigation device such as joystick , trackball or 4-way key pad . This method allows for quick navigation using just one hand , without looking at the screen .
