0708.0271	cs.IT math.IT	Capacity Region of the Finite-State Multiple Access Channel with and without Feedback	The capacity region of the Finite-State Multiple Access Channel ( FS-MAC ) with feedback that may be an arbitrary time-invariant function of the channel output samples is considered . We characterize both an inner and an outer bound for this region , using Masseys 's directed information . These bounds are shown to coincide , and hence yield the capacity region , of FS-MACs where the state process is stationary and ergodic and not affected by the inputs . Though `multi-letter ' in general , our results yield explicit conclusions when applied to specific scenarios of interest . E.g. , our results allow us to : - Identify a large class of FS-MACs , that includes the additive mod-2 noise MAC where the noise may have memory , for which feedback does not enlarge the capacity region . - Deduce that , for a general FS-MAC with states that are not affected by the input , if the capacity ( region ) without feedback is zero , then so is the capacity ( region ) with feedback . - Deduce that the capacity region of a MAC that can be decomposed into a `multiplexer ' concatenated by a point-to-point channel ( with , without , or with partial feedback ) , the capacity region is given by $ \sum_ { m } R_m \leq C $ , where C is the capacity of the point to point channel and m indexes the encoders . Moreover , we show that for this family of channels source-channel coding separation holds .
0708.0361	cs.DB	Why the relational data model can be considered as a formal basis for group operations in object-oriented systems	Relational data model defines a specification of a type `` relation '' . However , its simplicity does not mean that the system implementing this model must operate with structures having the same simplicity . We consider two principles allowing create a system which combines object-oriented paradigm ( OOP ) and relational data model ( RDM ) in one framework . The first principle -- `` complex data in encapsulated domains '' -- is well known from The Third Manifesto by Date and Darwen . The second principle -- '' data complexity in names '' -- is the basis for a system where data are described as complex objects and uniquely represented as a set of relations . Names of these relations and names of their attributes are combinations of names entered in specifications of the complex objects . Below , we consider the main properties of such a system .
0708.0386	cs.IT math.IT	Diversity of MIMO Multihop Relay Channels	We consider slow fading relay channels with a single multi-antenna source-destination terminal pair . The source signal arrives at the destination via N hops through N-1 layers of relays . We analyze the diversity of such channels with fixed network size at high SNR . In the clustered case where the relays within the same layer can have full cooperation , the cooperative decode-and-forward ( DF ) scheme is shown to be optimal in terms of the diversity-multiplexing tradeoff ( DMT ) . The upper bound on the DMT , the cut-set bound , is attained . In the non-clustered case , we show that the naive amplify-and-forward ( AF ) scheme has the maximum multiplexing gain of the channel but is suboptimal in diversity , as compared to the cut-set bound . To improve the diversity , space-time relay processing is introduced through the parallel partition of the multihop channel . The idea is to let the source signal go through K different `` AF paths '' in the multihop channel . This parallel AF scheme creates a parallel channel in the time domain and has the maximum diversity if the partition is properly designed . Since this scheme does not achieve the maximum multiplexing gain in general , we propose a flip-and-forward ( FF ) scheme that is built from the parallel AF scheme . It is shown that the FF scheme achieves both the maximum diversity and multiplexing gains in a distributed multihop channel of arbitrary size . In order to realize the DMT promised by the relaying strategies , approximately universal coding schemes are also proposed .
