0712.2302	cs.DC cs.PF	Data access optimizations for highly threaded multi-core CPUs with multiple memory controllers	Processor and system architectures that feature multiple memory controllers are prone to show bottlenecks and erratic performance numbers on codes with regular access patterns . Although such effects are well known in the form of cache thrashing and aliasing conflicts , they become more severe when memory access is involved . Using the new Sun UltraSPARC T2 processor as a prototypical multi-core design , we analyze performance patterns in low-level and application benchmarks and show ways to circumvent bottlenecks by careful data layout and padding .
0712.2371	cs.IT math.IT	Maximum-rate , Minimum-Decoding-Complexity STBCs from Clifford Algebras	It is well known that Space-Time Block Codes ( STBCs ) from orthogonal designs ( ODs ) are single-symbol decodable/symbol-by-symbol decodable ( SSD ) and are obtainable from unitary matrix representations of Clifford algebras . However , SSD codes are obtainable from designs that are not orthogonal also . Recently , two such classes of SSD codes have been studied : ( i ) Coordinate Interleaved Orthogonal Designs ( CIODs ) and ( ii ) Minimum-Decoding-Complexity ( MDC ) STBCs from Quasi-ODs ( QODs ) . Codes from ODs , CIODs and MDC-QODs are mutually non-intersecting classes of codes . The class of CIODs have { \it non-unitary weight matrices } when written as a Linear Dispersion Code ( LDC ) proposed by Hassibi and Hochwald , whereas several known SSD codes including CODs have { \it unitary weight matrices } . In this paper , we obtain SSD codes with unitary weight matrices ( that are not CODs ) called Clifford Unitary Weight SSDs ( CUW-SSDs ) from matrix representations of Clifford algebras . A main result of this paper is the derivation of an achievable upper bound on the rate of any unitary weight SSD code as $ \frac { a } { 2^ { a-1 } } $ for $ 2^a $ antennas which is larger than that of the CODs which is $ \frac { a+1 } { 2^a } $ . It is shown that several known classes of SSD codes are CUW-SSD codes and CUW-SSD codes meet this upper bound . Also , for the codes of this paper conditions on the signal sets which ensure full-diversity and expressions for the coding gain are presented . A large class of SSD codes with non-unitary weight matrices are obtained which include CIODs as a proper subclass .
0712.2384	cs.IT cs.DM math.IT math.RA	Multi-group ML Decodable Collocated and Distributed Space Time Block Codes	In this paper , collocated and distributed space-time block codes ( DSTBCs ) which admit multi-group maximum likelihood ( ML ) decoding are studied . First the collocated case is considered and the problem of constructing space-time block codes ( STBCs ) which optimally tradeoff rate and ML decoding complexity is posed . Recently , sufficient conditions for multi-group ML decodability have been provided in the literature and codes meeting these sufficient conditions were called Clifford Unitary Weight ( CUW ) STBCs . An algebraic framework based on extended Clifford algebras is proposed to study CUW STBCs and using this framework , the optimal tradeoff between rate and ML decoding complexity of CUW STBCs is obtained for few specific cases . Code constructions meeting this tradeoff optimally are also provided . The paper then focuses on multi-group ML decodable DSTBCs for application in synchronous wireless relay networks and three constructions of four-group ML decodable DSTBCs are provided . Finally , the OFDM based Alamouti space-time coded scheme proposed by Li-Xia for a 2 relay asynchronous relay network is extended to a more general transmission scheme that can achieve full asynchronous cooperative diversity for arbitrary number of relays . It is then shown how differential encoding at the source can be combined with the proposed transmission scheme to arrive at a new transmission scheme that can achieve full cooperative diversity in asynchronous wireless relay networks with no channel information and also no timing error knowledge at the destination node . Four-group decodable DSTBCs applicable in the proposed OFDM based transmission scheme are also given .
0712.2389	cs.AI	Decomposition During Search for Propagation-Based Constraint Solvers	We describe decomposition during search ( DDS ) , an integration of And/Or tree search into propagation-based constraint solvers . The presented search algorithm dynamically decomposes sub-problems of a constraint satisfaction problem into independent partial problems , avoiding redundant work . The paper discusses how DDS interacts with key features that make propagation-based solvers successful : constraint propagation , especially for global constraints , and dynamic search heuristics . We have implemented DDS for the Gecode constraint programming library . Two applications , solution counting in graph coloring and protein structure prediction , exemplify the benefits of DDS in practice .
0712.2449	cs.DL	Reducing semantic complexity in distributed Digital Libraries : treatment of term vagueness and document re-ranking	The purpose of the paper is to propose models to reduce the semantic complexity in heterogeneous DLs . The aim is to introduce value-added services ( treatment of term vagueness and document re-ranking ) that gain a certain quality in DLs if they are combined with heterogeneity components established in the project `` Competence Center Modeling and Treatment of Semantic Heterogeneity '' . Empirical observations show that freely formulated user terms and terms from controlled vocabularies are often not the same or match just by coincidence . Therefore , a value-added service will be developed which rephrases the natural language searcher terms into suggestions from the controlled vocabulary , the Search Term Recommender ( STR ) . Two methods , which are derived from scientometrics and network analysis , will be implemented with the objective to re-rank result sets by the following structural properties : the ranking of the results by core journals ( so-called Bradfordizing ) and ranking by centrality of authors in co-authorship networks .
0712.2467	cs.IT math.IT	Rethinking Information Theory for Mobile Ad Hoc Networks	The subject of this paper is the long-standing open problem of developing a general capacity theory for wireless networks , particularly a theory capable of describing the fundamental performance limits of mobile ad hoc networks ( MANETs ) . A MANET is a peer-to-peer network with no pre-existing infrastructure . MANETs are the most general wireless networks , with single-hop , relay , interference , mesh , and star networks comprising special cases . The lack of a MANET capacity theory has stunted the development and commercialization of many types of wireless networks , including emergency , military , sensor , and community mesh networks . Information theory , which has been vital for links and centralized networks , has not been successfully applied to decentralized wireless networks . Even if this was accomplished , for such a theory to truly characterize the limits of deployed MANETs it must overcome three key roadblocks . First , most current capacity results rely on the allowance of unbounded delay and reliability . Second , spatial and timescale decompositions have not yet been developed for optimally modeling the spatial and temporal dynamics of wireless networks . Third , a useful network capacity theory must integrate rather than ignore the important role of overhead messaging and feedback . This paper describes some of the shifts in thinking that may be needed to overcome these roadblocks and develop a more general theory that we refer to as non-equilibrium information theory .
0712.2469	cs.IT cs.NI math.IT math.PR	Directed Percolation in Wireless Networks with Interference and Noise	Previous studies of connectivity in wireless networks have focused on undirected geometric graphs . More sophisticated models such as Signal-to-Interference-and-Noise-Ratio ( SINR ) model , however , usually leads to directed graphs . In this paper , we study percolation processes in wireless networks modelled by directed SINR graphs . We first investigate interference-free networks , where we define four types of phase transitions and show that they take place at the same time . By coupling the directed SINR graph with two other undirected SINR graphs , we further obtain analytical upper and lower bounds on the critical density . Then , we show that with interference , percolation in directed SINR graphs depends not only on the density but also on the inverse system processing gain . We also provide bounds on the critical value of the inverse system processing gain .
