0704.3662	cs.HC cs.CL	An Automated Evaluation Metric for Chinese Text Entry	In this paper , we propose an automated evaluation metric for text entry . We also consider possible improvements to existing text entry evaluation metrics , such as the minimum string distance error rate , keystrokes per character , cost per correction , and a unified approach proposed by MacKenzie , so they can accommodate the special characteristics of Chinese text . Current methods lack an integrated concern about both typing speed and accuracy for Chinese text entry evaluation . Our goal is to remove the bias that arises due to human factors . First , we propose a new metric , called the correction penalty ( P ) , based on Fitts ' law and Hick 's law . Next , we transform it into the approximate amortized cost ( AAC ) of information theory . An analysis of the AAC of Chinese text input methods with different context lengths is also presented .
0704.3665	cs.CL cs.HC	On the Development of Text Input Method - Lessons Learned	Intelligent Input Methods ( IM ) are essential for making text entries in many East Asian scripts , but their application to other languages has not been fully explored . This paper discusses how such tools can contribute to the development of computer processing of other oriental languages . We propose a design philosophy that regards IM as a text service platform , and treats the study of IM as a cross disciplinary subject from the perspectives of software engineering , human-computer interaction ( HCI ) , and natural language processing ( NLP ) . We discuss these three perspectives and indicate a number of possible future research directions .
0704.3683	cs.CC math.CO	The Complexity of Weighted Boolean # CSP	This paper gives a dichotomy theorem for the complexity of computing the partition function of an instance of a weighted Boolean constraint satisfaction problem . The problem is parameterised by a finite set F of non-negative functions that may be used to assign weights to the configurations ( feasible solutions ) of a problem instance . Classical constraint satisfaction problems correspond to the special case of 0,1-valued functions . We show that the partition function , i.e . the sum of the weights of all configurations , can be computed in polynomial time if either ( 1 ) every function in F is of `` product type '' , or ( 2 ) every function in F is `` pure affine '' . For every other fixed set F , computing the partition function is FP^ { # P } -complete .
0704.3708	cs.CL	Network statistics on early English Syntax : Structural criteria	This paper includes a reflection on the role of networks in the study of English language acquisition , as well as a collection of practical criteria to annotate free-speech corpora from children utterances . At the theoretical level , the main claim of this paper is that syntactic networks should be interpreted as the outcome of the use of the syntactic machinery . Thus , the intrinsic features of such machinery are not accessible directly from ( known ) network properties . Rather , what one can see are the global patterns of its use and , thus , a global view of the power and organization of the underlying grammar . Taking a look into more practical issues , the paper examines how to build a net from the projection of syntactic relations . Recall that , as opposed to adult grammars , early-child language has not a well-defined concept of structure . To overcome such difficulty , we develop a set of systematic criteria assuming constituency hierarchy and a grammar based on lexico-thematic relations . At the end , what we obtain is a well defined corpora annotation that enables us i ) to perform statistics on the size of structures and ii ) to build a network from syntactic relations over which we can perform the standard measures of complexity . We also provide a detailed example .
0704.3746	cs.NI	Distributed Algorithms for Spectrum Allocation , Power Control , Routing , and Congestion Control in Wireless Networks	We develop distributed algorithms to allocate resources in multi-hop wireless networks with the aim of minimizing total cost . In order to observe the fundamental duplexing constraint that co-located transmitters and receivers can not operate simultaneously on the same frequency band , we first devise a spectrum allocation scheme that divides the whole spectrum into multiple sub-bands and activates conflict-free links on each sub-band . We show that the minimum number of required sub-bands grows asymptotically at a logarithmic rate with the chromatic number of network connectivity graph . A simple distributed and asynchronous algorithm is developed to feasibly activate links on the available sub-bands . Given a feasible spectrum allocation , we then design node-based distributed algorithms for optimally controlling the transmission powers on active links for each sub-band , jointly with traffic routes and user input rates in response to channel states and traffic demands . We show that under specified conditions , the algorithms asymptotically converge to the optimal operating point .
0704.3773	cs.DS	Avoiding Rotated Bitboards with Direct Lookup	This paper describes an approach for obtaining direct access to the attacked squares of sliding pieces without resorting to rotated bitboards . The technique involves creating four hash tables using the built in hash arrays from an interpreted , high level language . The rank , file , and diagonal occupancy are first isolated by masking the desired portion of the board . The attacked squares are then directly retrieved from the hash tables . Maintaining incrementally updated rotated bitboards becomes unnecessary as does all the updating , mapping and shifting required to access the attacked squares . Finally , rotated bitboard move generation speed is compared with that of the direct hash table lookup method .
