0707.2630	cs.DC physics.comp-ph	Multi-physics Extension of OpenFMO Framework	OpenFMO framework , an open-source software ( OSS ) platform for Fragment Molecular Orbital ( FMO ) method , is extended to multi-physics simulations ( MPS ) . After reviewing the several FMO implementations on distributed computer environments , the subsequent development planning corresponding to MPS is presented . It is discussed which should be selected as a scientific software , lightweight and reconfigurable form or large and self-contained form .
0707.2701	cs.NA cs.DS	A fixed point iteration for computing the matrix logarithm	In various areas of applied numerics , the problem of calculating the logarithm of a matrix A emerges . Since series expansions of the logarithm usually do not converge well for matrices far away from the identity , the standard numerical method calculates successive square roots . In this article , a new algorithm is presented that relies on the computation of successive matrix exponentials . Convergence of the method is demonstrated for a large class of initial matrices and favorable choices of the initial matrix are discussed .
0707.2718	cs.RO	Animation of virtual mannequins , robot-like simulation or motion captures	In order to optimize the costs and time of design of the new products while improving their quality , concurrent engineering is based on the digital model of these products , the numerical model . However , in order to be able to avoid definitively physical model , old support of the design , without loss of information , new tools must be available . Especially , a tool making it possible to check simply and quickly the maintainability of complex mechanical sets using the numerical model is necessary . Since one decade , our team works on the creation of tool for the generation and the analysis of trajectories of virtual mannequins . The simulation of human tasks can be carried out either by robot-like simulation or by simulation by motion capture . This paper presents some results on the both two methods . The first method is based on a multi-agent system and on a digital mock-up technology , to assess an efficient path planner for a manikin or a robot for access and visibility task taking into account ergonomic constraints or joint and mechanical limits . In order to solve this problem , the human operator is integrated in the process optimization to contribute to a global perception of the environment . This operator cooperates , in real-time , with several automatic local elementary agents . In the case of the second approach , we worked with the CEA and EADS/CCR to solve the constraints related to the evolution of human virtual in its environment on the basis of data resulting from motion capture system . An approach using of the virtual guides was developed to allow to the user the realization of precise trajectory in absence of force feedback . The result of this work validates solutions through the digital mock-up ; it can be applied to simulate maintenability and mountability tasks .
0707.2721	cs.RO	A Framework to Illustrate Kinematic Behavior of Mechanisms by Haptic Feedback	The kinematic properties of mechanisms are well known by the researchers and teachers . The theory based on the study of Jacobian matrices allows us to explain , for example , the singular configuration . However , in many cases , the physical sense of such properties is difficult to explain to students . The aim of this article is to use haptic feedback to render to the user the signification of different kinematic indices . The framework uses a Phantom Omni and a serial and parallel mechanism with two degrees of freedom . The end-effector of both mechanisms can be moved either by classical mouse , or Phantom Omni with or without feedback .
0707.2780	cs.IT math.IT	On the ergodic sum-rate performance of CDD in multi-user systems	The main focus of space-time coding design and analysis for MIMO systems has been so far focused on single-user systems . For single-user systems , transmit diversity schemes suffer a loss in spectral efficiency if the receiver is equipped with more than one antenna , making them unsuitable for high rate transmission . One such transmit diversity scheme is the cyclic delay diversity code ( CDD ) . The advantage of CDD over other diversity schemes such as orthogonal space-time block codes ( OSTBC ) is that a code rate of one and delay optimality are achieved independent of the number of transmit antennas . In this work we analyze the ergodic rate of a multi-user multiple access channel ( MAC ) with each user applying such a cyclic delay diversity ( CDD ) code . We derive closed form expressions for the ergodic sum-rate of multi-user CDD and compare it with the sum-capacity . We study the ergodic rate region and show that in contrast to what is conventionally known regarding the single-user case , transmit diversity schemes are viable candidates for high rate transmission in multi-user systems . Finally , our theoretical findings are illustrated by numerical simulation results .
