0708.3463	cs.CE cs.NE	A Neural Networks Model of the Venezuelan Economy	Besides an indicator of the GDP , the Central Bank of Venezuela generates the so called Monthly Economic Activity General Indicator . The a priori knowledge of this indicator , which represents and sometimes even anticipates the economy 's fluctuations , could be helpful in developing public policies and in investment decision making . The purpose of this study is forecasting the IGAEM through non parametric methods , an approach that has proven effective in a wide variety of problems in economics and finance .
0708.3464	cs.CE cs.NE	A Non Parametric Study of the Volatility of the Economy as a Country Risk Predictor	This paper intends to explain Venezuela 's country spread behavior through the Neural Networks analysis of a monthly economic activity general index of economic indicators constructed by the Central Bank of Venezuela , a measure of the shocks affecting country risk of emerging markets and the U.S. short term interest rate . The use of non parametric methods allowed the finding of non linear relationship between these inputs and the country risk . The networks performance was evaluated using the method of excess predictability .
0708.3465	cs.CE	An Early Warning System for Bankruptcy Prediction : lessons from the Venezuelan Bank Crisis	During 1993-94 Venezuela experienced a severe banking crisis which ended up with 18 commercial banks intervened by the government . Here we develop an early warning system for detecting credit related bankruptcy through discriminant functions developed on financial and macroeconomic data predating the crisis . A robustness test performed on these functions shows high precision in error estimation . The model calibrated on pre-crisis data could detect abnormal financial tension in the late Banco Capital many months before it was intervened and liquidated .
0708.3477	cs.LO	The Church Synthesis Problem with Parameters	For a two-variable formula & psi ; ( X , Y ) of Monadic Logic of Order ( MLO ) the Church Synthesis Problem concerns the existence and construction of an operator Y=F ( X ) such that & psi ; ( X , F ( X ) ) is universally valid over Nat . B\ '' { u } chi and Landweber proved that the Church synthesis problem is decidable ; moreover , they showed that if there is an operator F that solves the Church Synthesis Problem , then it can also be solved by an operator defined by a finite state automaton or equivalently by an MLO formula . We investigate a parameterized version of the Church synthesis problem . In this version & psi ; might contain as a parameter a unary predicate P. We show that the Church synthesis problem for P is computable if and only if the monadic theory of < Nat , < , P > is decidable . We prove that the B\ '' { u } chi-Landweber theorem can be extended only to ultimately periodic parameters . However , the MLO-definability part of the B\ '' { u } chi-Landweber theorem holds for the parameterized version of the Church synthesis problem .
0708.3505	cs.HC	Gaze as a Supplementary Modality for Interacting with Ambient Intelligence Environments	We present our current research on the implementation of gaze as an efficient and usable pointing modality supplementary to speech , for interacting with augmented objects in our daily environment or large displays , especially immersive virtual reality environments , such as reality centres and caves . We are also addressing issues relating to the use of gaze as the main interaction input modality . We have designed and developed two operational user interfaces : one for providing motor-disabled users with easy gaze-based access to map applications and graphical software ; the other for iteratively testing and improving the usability of gaze-contingent displays .
0708.3531	cs.IT math.IT	Networked Multiple Description Estimation and Compression with Resource Scalability	We present a joint source-channel multiple description ( JSC-MD ) framework for resource-constrained network communications ( e.g. , sensor networks ) , in which one or many deprived encoders communicate a Markov source against bit errors and erasure errors to many heterogeneous decoders , some powerful and some deprived . To keep the encoder complexity at minimum , the source is coded into K descriptions by a simple multiple description quantizer ( MDQ ) with neither entropy nor channel coding . The code diversity of MDQ and the path diversity of the network are exploited by decoders to correct transmission errors and improve coding efficiency . A key design objective is resource scalability : powerful nodes in the network can perform JSC-MD distributed estimation/decoding under the criteria of maximum a posteriori probability ( MAP ) or minimum mean-square error ( MMSE ) , while primitive nodes resort to simpler MD decoding , all working with the same MDQ code . The application of JSC-MD to distributed estimation of hidden Markov models in a sensor network is demonstrated . The proposed JSC-MD MAP estimator is an algorithm of the longest path in a weighted directed acyclic graph , while the JSC-MD MMSE decoder is an extension of the well-known forward-backward algorithm to multiple descriptions . Both algorithms simultaneously exploit the source memory , the redundancy of the fixed-rate MDQ , and the inter-description correlations . They outperform the existing hard-decision MDQ decoders by large margins ( up to 8dB ) . For Gaussian Markov sources , the complexity of JSC-MD distributed MAP sequence estimation can be made as low as that of typical single description Viterbi-type algorithms .
