0707.4565	cs.CC math.CO	On the Complexity of the Interlace Polynomial	We consider the two-variable interlace polynomial introduced by Arratia , Bollobas and Sorkin ( 2004 ) . We develop graph transformations which allow us to derive point-to-point reductions for the interlace polynomial . Exploiting these reductions we obtain new results concerning the computational complexity of evaluating the interlace polynomial at a fixed point . Regarding exact evaluation , we prove that the interlace polynomial is # P-hard to evaluate at every point of the plane , except on one line , where it is trivially polynomial time computable , and four lines , where the complexity is still open . This solves a problem posed by Arratia , Bollobas and Sorkin ( 2004 ) . In particular , three specializations of the two-variable interlace polynomial , the vertex-nullity interlace polynomial , the vertex-rank interlace polynomial and the independent set polynomial , are almost everywhere # P-hard to evaluate , too . For the independent set polynomial , our reductions allow us to prove that it is even hard to approximate at any point except at 0 .
0707.4580	cs.DM	Note on edge-colored graphs and digraphs without properly colored cycles	We study the following two functions : d ( n , c ) and $ \vec { d } ( n , c ) $ ; d ( n , c ) ( $ \vec { d } ( n , c ) $ ) is the minimum number k such that every c-edge-colored undirected ( directed ) graph of order n and minimum monochromatic degree ( out-degree ) at least k has a properly colored cycle . Abouelaoualim et al . ( 2007 ) stated a conjecture which implies that d ( n , c ) =1 . Using a recursive construction of c-edge-colored graphs with minimum monochromatic degree p and without properly colored cycles , we show that $ d ( n , c ) \ge { 1 \over c } ( \log_cn -\log_c\log_cn ) $ and , thus , the conjecture does not hold . In particular , this inequality significantly improves a lower bound on $ \vec { d } ( n,2 ) $ obtained by Gutin , Sudakov and Yeo in 1998 .
0707.4597	cs.IT math.IT	Side-information Scalable Source Coding	The problem of side-information scalable ( SI-scalable ) source coding is considered in this work , where the encoder constructs a progressive description , such that the receiver with high quality side information will be able to truncate the bitstream and reconstruct in the rate distortion sense , while the receiver with low quality side information will have to receive further data in order to decode . We provide inner and outer bounds for general discrete memoryless sources . The achievable region is shown to be tight for the case that either of the decoders requires a lossless reconstruction , as well as the case with degraded deterministic distortion measures . Furthermore we show that the gap between the achievable region and the outer bounds can be bounded by a constant when square error distortion measure is used . The notion of perfectly scalable coding is introduced as both the stages operate on the Wyner-Ziv bound , and necessary and sufficient conditions are given for sources satisfying a mild support condition . Using SI-scalable coding and successive refinement Wyner-Ziv coding as basic building blocks , a complete characterization is provided for the important quadratic Gaussian source with multiple jointly Gaussian side-informations , where the side information quality does not have to be monotonic along the scalable coding order . Partial result is provided for the doubly symmetric binary source with Hamming distortion when the worse side information is a constant , for which one of the outer bound is strictly tighter than the other one .
0707.4651	cs.MS	Comments on the Reliability of Lawson and Hanson 's Linear Distance Programming Algorithm : Subroutine LDP	This brief paper : ( 1 ) Discusses strategies to generate random test cases that can be used to extensively test any Linear Distance Program ( LDP ) software . ( 2 ) Gives three numerical examples of input cases generated by this strategy that cause problems in the Lawson and Hanson LDP module . ( 3 ) Proposes , as a standard matter of acceptable implementation procedures , that ( unless it is done internally in the software itself , but , in general , this seems to be much rarer than one would expect ) all users should test the returned output from any LDP module for self-consistency since it incurs only a small amount of added computational overhead and it is not hard to do .
0707.4656	cs.IT math.IT	Communication under Strong Asynchronism	We consider asynchronous communication over point-to-point discrete memoryless channels . The transmitter starts sending one block codeword at an instant that is uniformly distributed within a certain time period , which represents the level of asynchronism . The receiver , by means of a sequential decoder , must isolate the message without knowing when the codeword transmission starts but being cognizant of the asynchronism level A . We are interested in how quickly can the receiver isolate the sent message , particularly in the regime where A is exponentially larger than the codeword length N , which we refer to as `strong asynchronism . ' This model of sparse communication may represent the situation of a sensor that remains idle most of the time and , only occasionally , transmits information to a remote base station which needs to quickly take action . The first result shows that vanishing error probability can be guaranteed as N tends to infinity while A grows as Exp ( N*k ) if and only if k does not exceed the `synchronization threshold , ' a constant that admits a simple closed form expression , and is at least as large as the capacity of the synchronized channel . The second result is the characterization of a set of achievable strictly positive rates in the regime where A is exponential in N , and where the rate is defined with respect to the expected delay between the time information starts being emitted until the time the receiver makes a decision . As an application of the first result we consider antipodal signaling over a Gaussian channel and derive a simple necessary condition between A , N , and SNR for achieving reliable communication .
0708.0053	cs.IT math.CO math.IT	Periodic complementary sets of binary sequences	Let PCS_p^N denote a set of p binary sequences of length N such that the sum of their periodic auto-correlation functions is a delta-function . In the 1990 , Boemer and Antweiler addressed the problem of constructing such sequences . They presented a table covering the range p < = 12 , N < = 50 and showing in which cases it was known at that time whether such sequences exist , do not exist , or the question of existence is undecided . The number of undecided cases was rather large . Subsequently the number of undecided cases was reduced to 26 by the author . In the present note , several cyclic difference families are constructed and used to obtain new sets of periodic binary sequences . Thereby the original problem of Boemer and Antweiler is completely solved .
