0709.0961	cs.NI	A New Distributed Topology Control Algorithm for Wireless Environments with Non-Uniform Path Loss and Multipath Propagation	Each node in a wireless multi-hop network can adjust the power level at which it transmits and thus change the topology of the network to save energy by choosing the neighbors with which it directly communicates . Many previous algorithms for distributed topology control have assumed an ability at each node to deduce some location-based information such as the direction and the distance of its neighbor nodes with respect to itself . Such a deduction of location-based information , however , can not be relied upon in real environments where the path loss exponents vary greatly leading to significant errors in distance estimates . Also , multipath effects may result in different signal paths with different loss characteristics , and none of these paths may be line-of-sight , making it difficult to estimate the direction of a neighboring node . In this paper , we present Step Topology Control ( STC ) , a simple distributed topology control algorithm which reduces energy consumption while preserving the connectivity of a heterogeneous sensor network without use of any location-based information . We show that the STC algorithm achieves the same or better order of communication and computational complexity when compared to other known algorithms that also preserve connectivity without the use of location-based information . We also present a detailed simulation-based comparative analysis of the energy savings and interference reduction achieved by the algorithms . The results show that , in spite of not incurring a higher communication or computational complexity , the STC algorithm performs better than other algorithms in uniform wireless environments and especially better when path loss characteristics are non-uniform .
0709.0993	cs.IT math.IT nlin.AO physics.soc-ph	The Description of Information in 4-Dimensional Pseudo-Euclidean Information Space	This article is presented new method of description information systems in abstract 4-dimensional pseudo-Euclidean information space ( 4-DPIES ) with using special relativity ( SR ) methods . This purpose core postulates of existence 4-DPIES are formulated . The theorem setting existence criteria of the invariant velocity of the information transference is formulated and proved . One more theorem allowed relating discrete parameters of information and continuous space-time treating and also row of supplementary theorems is formulated and proved . For description of dynamics and interaction of information , in article is introduced general parameter of information - generalized information emotion ( GIE ) , reminding simultaneously on properties the mass and the charge . At performing calculation of information observable parameters in the information space is introduced continual integration methods of Feynman . The applying idea about existence of GIE as measures of the information inertness and the interaction carrier , and using continual integration methods of Feynman can be calculated probability of information process in 4-DPIES . In this frame presented approach has allowed considering information systems when interest is presented with information processes , their related with concrete definition without necessity . The relation between 4-DPIES and real systems parameters is set at modelling of matching between observable processes and real phenomena from information interpretation .
0709.1024	cs.DC cs.PF	Computational performance of a parallelized high-order spectral and mortar element toolbox	In this paper , a comprehensive performance review of a MPI-based high-order spectral and mortar element method C++ toolbox is presented . The focus is put on the performance evaluation of several aspects with a particular emphasis on the parallel efficiency . The performance evaluation is analyzed and compared to predictions given by a heuristic model , the so-called Gamma model . A tailor-made CFD computation benchmark case is introduced and used to carry out this review , stressing the particular interest for commodity clusters . Conclusions are drawn from this extensive series of analyses and modeling leading to specific recommendations concerning such toolbox development and parallel implementation .
0709.1056	cs.HC cs.CY	A Sudoku Game for People with Motor Impairments	Computer games are motivating and beneficial in learning different educational skills . Most people use their fingers , hands , and arms when using a computer game . However , for people with motor disabilities this task can be a barrier . We present a new Sudoku game for people whose motion is impaired , called Sudoku 4ALL . With this special interface a person can control the game with the voice or with a single switch . Our research aims to cautiously search for issues that might be appropriate for computational support and to build enabling technologies that increase individuals ' functional independence in a game environment .
0709.1074	cs.IT math.IT	Johnson Type Bounds on Constant Dimension Codes	Very recently , an operator channel was defined by Koetter and Kschischang when they studied random network coding . They also introduced constant dimension codes and demonstrated that these codes can be employed to correct errors and/or erasures over the operator channel . Constant dimension codes are equivalent to the so-called linear authentication codes introduced by Wang , Xing and Safavi-Naini when constructing distributed authentication systems in 2003 . In this paper , we study constant dimension codes . It is shown that Steiner structures are optimal constant dimension codes achieving the Wang-Xing-Safavi-Naini bound . Furthermore , we show that constant dimension codes achieve the Wang-Xing-Safavi-Naini bound if and only if they are certain Steiner structures . Then , we derive two Johnson type upper bounds , say I and II , on constant dimension codes . The Johnson type bound II slightly improves on the Wang-Xing-Safavi-Naini bound . Finally , we point out that a family of known Steiner structures is actually a family of optimal constant dimension codes achieving both the Johnson type bounds I and II .
0709.1080	cs.CR cs.LO	On the Protocol Composition Logic PCL	A recent development in formal security protocol analysis is the Protocol Composition Logic ( PCL ) . We identify a number of problems with this logic as well as with extensions of the logic , as defined in [ DDMP05 , HSD+05 , He05 , Dat05 , Der06 , DDMR07 ] . The identified problems imply strong restrictions on the scope of PCL , and imply that some currently claimed PCL proofs can not be proven within the logic , or make use of unsound axioms . Where possible , we propose solutions for these problems .
0709.1099	cs.AI cs.RO	Multi-Sensor Fusion Method using Dynamic Bayesian Network for Precise Vehicle Localization and Road Matching	This paper presents a multi-sensor fusion strategy for a novel road-matching method designed to support real-time navigational features within advanced driving-assistance systems . Managing multihypotheses is a useful strategy for the road-matching problem . The multi-sensor fusion and multi-modal estimation are realized using Dynamical Bayesian Network . Experimental results , using data from Antilock Braking System ( ABS ) sensors , a differential Global Positioning System ( GPS ) receiver and an accurate digital roadmap , illustrate the performances of this approach , especially in ambiguous situations .
0709.1166	cs.DB	An Optimal Linear Time Algorithm for Quasi-Monotonic Segmentation	Monotonicity is a simple yet significant qualitative characteristic . We consider the problem of segmenting a sequence in up to K segments . We want segments to be as monotonic as possible and to alternate signs . We propose a quality metric for this problem using the l_inf norm , and we present an optimal linear time algorithm based on novel formalism . Moreover , given a precomputation in time O ( n log n ) consisting of a labeling of all extrema , we compute any optimal segmentation in constant time . We compare experimentally its performance to two piecewise linear segmentation heuristics ( top-down and bottom-up ) . We show that our algorithm is faster and more accurate . Applications include pattern recognition and qualitative modeling .
0709.1167	cs.AI	Using RDF to Model the Structure and Process of Systems	Many systems can be described in terms of networks of discrete elements and their various relationships to one another . A semantic network , or multi-relational network , is a directed labeled graph consisting of a heterogeneous set of entities connected by a heterogeneous set of relationships . Semantic networks serve as a promising general-purpose modeling substrate for complex systems . Various standardized formats and tools are now available to support practical , large-scale semantic network models . First , the Resource Description Framework ( RDF ) offers a standardized semantic network data model that can be further formalized by ontology modeling languages such as RDF Schema ( RDFS ) and the Web Ontology Language ( OWL ) . Second , the recent introduction of highly performant triple-stores ( i.e . semantic network databases ) allows semantic network models on the order of $ 10^9 $ edges to be efficiently stored and manipulated . RDF and its related technologies are currently used extensively in the domains of computer science , digital library science , and the biological sciences . This article will provide an introduction to RDF/RDFS/OWL and an examination of its suitability to model discrete element complex systems .
