0710.4629	cs.LO	Space-Efficient Bounded Model Checking	Current algorithms for bounded model checking use SAT methods for checking satisfiability of Boolean formulae . These methods suffer from the potential memory explosion problem . Methods based on the validity of Quantified Boolean Formulae ( QBF ) allow an exponentially more succinct representation of formulae to be checked , because no `` unrolling '' of the transition relation is required . These methods have not been widely used , because of the lack of an efficient decision procedure for QBF . We evaluate the usage of QBF in bounded model checking ( BMC ) , using general-purpose SAT and QBF solvers . We develop a special-purpose decision procedure for QBF used in BMC , and compare our technique with the methods using general-purpose SAT and QBF solvers on real-life industrial benchmarks .
0710.4630	cs.AR	CAFFEINE : Template-Free Symbolic Model Generation of Analog Circuits via Canonical Form Functions and Genetic Programming	This paper presents a method to automatically generate compact symbolic performance models of analog circuits with no prior specification of an equation template . The approach takes SPICE simulation data as input , which enables modeling of any nonlinear circuits and circuit characteristics . Genetic programming is applied as a means of traversing the space of possible symbolic expressions . A grammar is specially designed to constrain the search to a canonical form for functions . Novel evolutionary search operators are designed to exploit the structure of the grammar . The approach generates a set of symbolic models which collectively provide a tradeoff between error and model complexity . Experimental results show that the symbolic models generated are compact and easy to understand , making this an effective method for aiding understanding in analog design . The models also demonstrate better prediction quality than posynomials .
0710.4632	cs.AR	Hardware Support for Arbitrarily Complex Loop Structures in Embedded Applications	In this paper , the program control unit of an embedded RISC processor is enhanced with a novel zero-overhead loop controller ( ZOLC ) supporting arbitrary loop structures with multiple-entry/exit nodes . The ZOLC has been incorporated to an open RISC processor core to evaluate the performance of the proposed unit for alternative configurations of the selected processor . It is proven that speed improvements of 8.4 % to 48.2 % are feasible for the used benchmarks .
0710.4633	cs.PF	Nano-Sim : A Step Wise Equivalent Conductance based Statistical Simulator for Nanotechnology Circuit Design	New nanotechnology based devices are replacing CMOS devices to overcome CMOS technology 's scaling limitations . However , many such devices exhibit non-monotonic I-V characteristics and uncertain properties which lead to the negative differential resistance ( NDR ) problem and the chaotic performance . This paper proposes a new circuit simulation approach that can effectively simulate nanotechnology devices with uncertain input sources and negative differential resistance ( NDR ) problem . The experimental results show a 20-30 times speedup comparing with existing simulators .
0710.4634	cs.AR	A Probabilistic Collocation Method Based Statistical Gate Delay Model Considering Process Variations and Multiple Input Switching	Since the advent of new nanotechnologies , the variability of gate delay due to process variations has become a major concern . This paper proposes a new gate delay model that includes impact from both process variations and multiple input switching . The proposed model uses orthogonal polynomial based probabilistic collocation method to construct a delay analytical equation from circuit timing performance . From the experimental results , our approach has less that 0.2 % error on the mean delay of gates and less than 3 % error on the standard deviation .
0710.4635	cs.OS	OS Debugging Method Using a Lightweight Virtual Machine Monitor	Demands for implementing original OSs that can achieve high I/O performance on PC/AT compatible hardware have recently been increasing , but conventional OS debugging environments have not been able to simultaneously assure their stability , be easily customized to new OSs and new I/O devices , and assure efficient execution of I/O operations . We therefore developed a novel OS debugging method using a lightweight virtual machine . We evaluated this debugging method experimentally and confirmed that it can transfer data about 5.4 times as fast as the conventional virtual machine monitor .
0710.4636	cs.AR	Why Systems-on-Chip Needs More UML like a Hole in the Head	Let 's be clear from the outset : SoC can most certainly make use of UML ; SoC just does n't need more UML , or even all of it . The advent of model mappings , coupled with marks that indicate which mapping rule to apply , enable a major simplification of the use of UML in SoC .
0710.4637	cs.OH	The Accidental Detection Index as a Fault Ordering Heuristic for Full-Scan Circuits	We investigate a new fault ordering heuristic for test generation in full-scan circuits . The heuristic is referred to as the accidental detection index . It associates a value ADI ( f ) with every circuit fault f. The heuristic estimates the number of faults that will be detected by a test generated for f. Fault ordering is done such that a fault with a higher accidental detection index appears earlier in the ordered fault set and targeted earlier during test generation . This order is effective for generating compact test sets , and for obtaining a test set with a steep fault coverage curve . Such a test set has several applications . We present experimental results to demonstrate the effectiveness of the heuristic .
0710.4638	cs.AR	Buffer Insertion for Bridges and Optimal Buffer Sizing for Communication Sub-System of Systems-on-Chip	We have presented an optimal buffer sizing and buffer insertion methodology which uses stochastic models of the architecture and Continuous Time Markov Decision Processes CTMDPs . Such a methodology is useful in managing the scarce buffer resources available on chip as compared to network based data communication which can have large buffer space . The modeling of this problem in terms of a CT-MDP framework lead to a nonlinear formulation due to usage of bridges in the bus architecture . We present a methodology to split the problem into several smaller though linear systems and we then solve these subsystems .
0710.4639	cs.AR	Modeling the Non-Linear Behavior of Library Cells for an Accurate Static Noise Analysis	In signal integrity analysis , the joint effect of propagated noise through library cells , and of the noise injected on a quiet net by neighboring switching nets through coupling capacitances , must be considered in order to accurately estimate the overall noise impact on design functionality and performances . In this work the impact of the cell non-linearity on the noise glitch waveform is analyzed in detail , and a new macromodel that allows to accurately and efficiently modeling the non-linear effects of the victim driver in noise analysis is presented . Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our method , and confirm that existing noise analysis approaches based on linear superposition of the propagated and crosstalk-injected noise can be highly inaccurate , thus impairing the sign-off functional verification phase .
0710.4640	cs.PL	FORAY-GEN : Automatic Generation of Affine Functions for Memory Optimizations	In today 's embedded applications a significant portion of energy is spent in the memory subsystem . Several approaches have been proposed to minimize this energy , including the use of scratch pad memories , with many based on static analysis of a program . However , often it is not possible to perform static analysis and optimization of a program 's memory access behavior unless the program is specifically written for this purpose . In this paper we introduce the FORAY model of a program that permits aggressive analysis of the application 's memory behavior that further enables such optimizations since it consists of 'for ' loops and array accesses which are easily analyzable . We present FORAY-GEN : an automated profile-based approach for extraction of the FORAY model from the original program . We also demonstrate how FORAY-GEN enhances applicability of other memory subsystem optimization approaches , resulting in an average of two times increase in the number of memory references that can be analyzed by existing static approaches .
0710.4641	cs.SE	UML 2.0 - Overview and Perspectives in SoC Design	The design productivity gap requires more efficient design methods . Software systems have faced the same challenge and seem to have mastered it with the introduction of more abstract design methods . The UML has become the standard for software systems modeling and thus the foundation of new design methods . Although the UML is defined as a general purpose modeling language , its application to hardware and hardware/software codesign is very limited . In order to successfully apply the UML at these fields , it is essential to understand its capabilities and to map it to a new domain .
0710.4642	cs.OH	Modeling and Propagation of Noisy Waveforms in Static Timing Analysis	A technique based on the sensitivity of the output to input waveform is presented for accurate propagation of delay information through a gate for the purpose of static timing analysis ( STA ) in the presence of noise . Conventional STA tools represent a waveform by its arrival time and slope . However , this is not an accurate way of modeling the waveform for the purpose of noise analysis . The key contribution of our work is the development of a method that allows efficient propagation of equivalent waveforms throughout the circuit . Experimental results demonstrate higher accuracy of the proposed sensitivity-based gate delay propagation technique , SGDP , compared to the best of existing approaches . SGDP is compatible with the current level of gate characterization in conventional ASIC cell libraries , and as a result , it can be easily incorporated into commercial STA tools to improve their accuracy .
0710.4643	cs.AR cs.PF	Generic Pipelined Processor Modeling and High Performance Cycle-Accurate Simulator Generation	Detailed modeling of processors and high performance cycle-accurate simulators are essential for today 's hardware and software design . These problems are challenging enough by themselves and have seen many previous research efforts . Addressing both simultaneously is even more challenging , with many existing approaches focusing on one over another . In this paper , we propose the Reduced Colored Petri Net ( RCPN ) model that has two advantages : first , it offers a very simple and intuitive way of modeling pipelined processors ; second , it can generate high performance cycle-accurate simulators . RCPN benefits from all the useful features of Colored Petri Nets without suffering from their exponential growth in complexity . RCPN processor models are very intuitive since they are a mirror image of the processor pipeline block diagram . Furthermore , in our experiments on the generated cycle-accurate simulators for XScale and StrongArm processor models , we achieved an order of magnitude ( ~15 times ) speedup over the popular SimpleScalar ARM simulator .
0710.4644	cs.AR	Cycle Accurate Binary Translation for Simulation Acceleration in Rapid Prototyping of SoCs	In this paper , the application of a cycle accurate binary translator for rapid prototyping of SoCs will be presented . This translator generates code to run on a rapid prototyping system consisting of a VLIW processor and FPGAs . The generated code is annotated with information that triggers cycle generation for the hardware in parallel to the execution of the translated program . The VLIW processor executes the translated program whereas the FPGAs contain the hardware for the parallel cycle generation and the bus interface that adapts the bus of the VLIW processor to the SoC bus of the emulated processor core .
0710.4645	cs.AR	At-Speed Logic BIST for IP Cores	This paper describes a flexible logic BIST scheme that features high fault coverage achieved by fault-simulation guided test point insertion , real at-speed test capability for multi-clock designs without clock frequency manipulation , and easy physical implementation due to the use of a low-speed SE signal . Application results of this scheme to two widely used IP cores are also reported .
0710.4646	cs.AR	Fast Dynamic Memory Integration in Co-Simulation Frameworks for Multiprocessor System on-Chip	In this paper is proposed a technique to integrate and simulate a dynamic memory in a multiprocessor framework based on C/C++/SystemC . Using host machine 's memory management capabilities , dynamic data processing is supported without compromising speed and accuracy of the simulation . A first prototype in a shared memory context is presented .
0710.4649	cs.AR	Stochastic Power Grid Analysis Considering Process Variations	In this paper , we investigate the impact of interconnect and device process variations on voltage fluctuations in power grids . We consider random variations in the power grid 's electrical parameters as spatial stochastic processes and propose a new and efficient method to compute the stochastic voltage response of the power grid . Our approach provides an explicit analytical representation of the stochastic voltage response using orthogonal polynomials in a Hilbert space . The approach has been implemented in a prototype software called OPERA ( Orthogonal Polynomial Expansions for Response Analysis ) . Use of OPERA on industrial power grids demonstrated speed-ups of up to two orders of magnitude . The results also show a significant variation of about $ \pm $ 35 % in the nominal voltage drops at various nodes of the power grids and demonstrate the need for variation-aware power grid analysis .
0710.4652	cs.AR	Locality-Aware Process Scheduling for Embedded MPSoCs	Utilizing on-chip caches in embedded multiprocessor-system-on-a-chip ( MPSoC ) based systems is critical from both performance and power perspectives . While most of the prior work that targets at optimizing cache behavior are performed at hardware and compilation levels , operating system ( OS ) can also play major role as it sees the global access pattern information across applications . This paper proposes a cache-conscious OS process scheduling strategy based on data reuse . The proposed scheduler implements two complementary approaches . First , the processes that do not share any data between them are scheduled at different cores if it is possible to do so . Second , the processes that could not be executed at the same time ( due to dependences ) but share data among each other are mapped to the same processor core so that they share the cache contents . Our experimental results using this new data locality aware OS scheduling strategy are promising , and show significant improvements in task completion times .
0710.4653	cs.AR	Simultaneous Reduction of Dynamic and Static Power in Scan Structures	Power dissipation during test is a major challenge in testing integrated circuits . Dynamic power has been the dominant part of power dissipation in CMOS circuits , however , in future technologies the static portion of power dissipation will outreach the dynamic portion . This paper proposes an efficient technique to reduce both dynamic and static power dissipation in scan structures . Scan cell outputs which are not on the critical path ( s ) are multiplexed to fixed values during scan mode . These constant values and primary inputs are selected such that the transitions occurred on non-multiplexed scan cells are suppressed and the leakage current during scan mode is decreased . A method for finding these vectors is also proposed . Effectiveness of this technique is proved by experiments performed on ISCAS89 benchmark circuits .
0710.4654	cs.AR	Modeling Interconnect Variability Using Efficient Parametric Model Order Reduction	Assessing IC manufacturing process fluctuations and their impacts on IC interconnect performance has become unavoidable for modern DSM designs . However , the construction of parametric interconnect models is often hampered by the rapid increase in computational cost and model complexity . In this paper we present an efficient yet accurate parametric model order reduction algorithm for addressing the variability of IC interconnect performance . The efficiency of the approach lies in a novel combination of low-rank matrix approximation and multi-parameter moment matching . The complexity of the proposed parametric model order reduction is as low as that of a standard Krylov subspace method when applied to a nominal system . Under the projection-based framework , our algorithm also preserves the passivity of the resulting parametric models .
0710.4655	cs.AR	A Fast Diagnosis Scheme for Distributed Small Embedded SRAMs	This paper proposes a diagnosis scheme aimed at reducing diagnosis time of distributed small embedded SRAMs ( e-SRAMs ) . This scheme improves the one proposed in [ A parallel built-in self-diagnostic method for embedded memory buffers , A parallel built-in self-diagnostic method for embedded memory arrays ] . The improvements are mainly two-fold . On one hand , the diagnosis of time-consuming Data Retention Faults ( DRFs ) , which is neglected by the diagnosis architecture in [ A parallel built-in self-diagnostic method for embedded memory buffers , A parallel built-in self-diagnostic method for embedded memory arrays ] , is now considered and performed via a DFT technique referred to as the `` No Write Recovery Test Mode ( NWRTM ) '' . On the other hand , a pair comprising a Serial to Parallel Converter ( SPC ) and a Parallel to Serial Converter ( PSC ) is utilized to replace the bi-directional serial interface , to avoid the problems of serial fault masking and defect rate dependent diagnosis . Results from our evaluations show that the proposed diagnosis scheme achieves an increased diagnosis coverage and reduces diagnosis time compared to those obtained in [ A parallel built-in self-diagnostic method for embedded memory buffers , A parallel built-in self-diagnostic method for embedded memory arrays ] , with neglectable extra area cost .
0710.4656	cs.AR	A Memory Hierarchical Layer Assigning and Prefetching Technique to Overcome the Memory Performance/Energy Bottleneck	The memory subsystem has always been a bottleneck in performance as well as significant power contributor in memory intensive applications . Many researchers have presented multi-layered memory hierarchies as a means to design energy and performance efficient systems . However , most of the previous work do not explore trade-offs systematically . We fill this gap by proposing a formalized technique that takes into consideration data reuse , limited lifetime of the arrays of an application and application specific prefetching opportunities , and performs a thorough trade-off exploration for different memory layer sizes . This technique has been implemented on a prototype tool , which was tested successfully using nine real-life applications of industrial relevance . Following this approach we have able to reduce execution time up to 60 % , and energy consumption up to 70 % .
0710.4657	cs.AR	New Schemes for Self-Testing RAM	This paper gives an overview of a new technique , named pseudo-ring testing ( PRT ) . PRT can be applied for testing wide type of random access memories ( RAM ) : bit- or word-oriented and single- or dual-port RAM 's . An essential particularity of the proposed methodology is the emulation of a linear automaton over Galois field by memory own components .
0710.4658	cs.AR cs.MM	Compositional Memory Systems for Multimedia Communicating Tasks	Conventional cache models are not suited for real-time parallel processing because tasks may flush each other 's data out of the cache in an unpredictable manner . In this way the system is not compositional so the overall performance is difficult to predict and the integration of new tasks expensive . This paper proposes a new method that imposes compositionality to the system ? s performance and makes different memory hierarchy optimizations possible for multimedia communicating tasks when running on embedded multiprocessor architectures . The method is based on a cache allocation strategy that assigns sets of the unified cache exclusively to tasks and to the communication buffers . We also analytically formulate the problem and describe a method to compute the cache partitioning ratio for optimizing the throughput and the consumed power . When applied to a multiprocessor with memory hierarchy our technique delivers also performance gain . Compared to the shared cache case , for an application consisting of two jpeg decoders and one edge detection algorithm 5 times less misses are experienced and for an mpeg2 decoder 6.5 times less misses are experienced .
0710.4659	cs.AR	Synchronization Processor Synthesis for Latency Insensitive Systems	In this paper we present our contribution in terms of synchronization processor for a SoC design methodology based on the theory of the latency insensitive systems ( LIS ) of Carloni et al . Our contribution consists in IP encapsulation into a new wrapper model which speed and area are optimized and synthetizability guarantied . The main benefit of our approach is to preserve the local IP performances when encapsulating them and reduce SoC silicon area .
0710.4660	cs.AR	Thermal-Aware Task Allocation and Scheduling for Embedded Systems	Temperature affects not only the reliability but also the performance , power , and cost of the embedded system . This paper proposes a thermal-aware task allocation and scheduling algorithm for embedded systems . The algorithm is used as a sub-routine for hardware/software co-synthesis to reduce the peak temperature and achieve a thermally even distribution while meeting real time constraints . The paper investigates both power-aware and thermal-aware approaches to task allocation and scheduling . The experimental results show that the thermal-aware approach outperforms the power-aware schemes in terms of maximal and average temperature reductions . To the best of our knowledge , this is the first task allocation and scheduling algorithm that takes temperature into consideration .
0710.4661	cs.AR	Bright-Field AAPSM Conflict Detection and Correction	As feature sizes shrink , it will be necessary to use AAPSM ( Alternating-Aperture Phase Shift Masking ) to image critical features , especially on the polysilicon layer . This imposes additional constraints on the layouts beyond traditional design rules . Of particular note is the requirement that all critical features be flanked by opposite-phase shifters , while the shifters obey minimum width and spacing requirements . A layout is called phase-assignable if it satisfies this requirement . If a layout is not phase-assignable , the phase conflicts have to removed to enable the use of AAPSM for the layout . Previous work has sought to detect a suitable set of phase Conflicts to be removed , as well as correct them . The contribution of this paper are the following : ( 1 ) a new approach to detect a minimal set of phase conflicts ( also referred to as AAPSM conflicts ) , which when corrected will produce a phase-assignable layout ; ( 2 ) a novel layout modification scheme for correcting these AAPSM conflicts . The proposed approach for conflict detection shows significant improvements in the quality of results and runtime for real industrial circuits , when compared to previous methods . To the best of our knowledge , this is the first time layout modification results are presented for bright-field AAPSM . Our experiments show that the percentage area increase for making a layout phase-assignable ranges from 0.7-11.8 % .
0710.4663	cs.AR	Statistical Modeling of Pipeline Delay and Design of Pipeline under Process Variation to Enhance Yield in sub-100nm Technologies	Operating frequency of a pipelined circuit is determined by the delay of the slowest pipeline stage . However , under statistical delay variation in sub-100nm technology regime , the slowest stage is not readily identifiable and the estimation of the pipeline yield with respect to a target delay is a challenging problem . We have proposed analytical models to estimate yield for a pipelined design based on delay distributions of individual pipe stages . Using the proposed models , we have shown that change in logic depth and imbalance between the stage delays can improve the yield of a pipeline . A statistical methodology has been developed to optimally design a pipeline circuit for enhancing yield . Optimization results show that , proper imbalance among the stage delays in a pipeline improves design yield by 9 % for the same area and performance ( and area reduction by about 8.4 % under a yield constraint ) over a balanced design .
0710.4665	cs.AR	New Perspectives and Opportunities From the Wild West of Microelectronic Biochips	Application of Microelectronic to bioanalysis is an emerging field which holds great promise . From the standpoint of electronic and system design , biochips imply a radical change of perspective , since new , completely different constraints emerge while other usual constraints can be relaxed . While electronic parts of the system can rely on the usual established design-flow , fluidic and packaging design , calls for a new approach which relies significantly on experiments . We hereby make some general considerations based on our experience in the development of biochips for cell analysis .
0710.4666	cs.LO	Verification of Embedded Memory Systems using Efficient Memory Modeling	We describe verification techniques for embedded memory systems using efficient memory modeling ( EMM ) , without explicitly modeling each memory bit . We extend our previously proposed approach of EMM in Bounded Model Checking ( BMC ) for a single read/write port single memory system , to more commonly occurring systems with multiple memories , having multiple read and write ports . More importantly , we augment such EMM to providing correctness proofs , in addition to finding real bugs as before . The novelties of our verification approach are in a ) combining EMM with proof-based abstraction that preserves the correctness of a property up to a certain analysis depth of SAT-based BMC , and b ) modeling arbitrary initial memory state precisely and thereby , providing inductive proofs using SAT-based BMC for embedded memory systems . Similar to the previous approach , we construct a verification model by eliminating memory arrays , but retaining the memory interface signals with their control logic and adding constraints on those signals at every analysis depth to preserve the data forwarding semantics . The size of these EMM constraints depends quadratically on the number of memory accesses and the number of read and write ports ; and linearly on the address and data widths and the number of memories . We show the effectiveness of our approach on several industry designs and software programs .
0710.4667	cs.AR cs.MM	Integration , Verification and Layout of a Complex Multimedia SOC	We present our experience of designing a single-chip controller for advanced digital still camera from specification all the way to mass production . The process involves collaboration with camera system designer , IP vendors , EDA vendors , silicon wafer foundry , package and testing houses , and camera maker . We also co-work with academic research groups to develop a JPEG codec IP and memory BIST and SOC testing methodology . In this presentation , we cover the problems encountered , our solutions , and lessons learned .
0710.4669	cs.AR	SOC Testing Methodology and Practice	On a commercial digital still camera ( DSC ) controller chip we practice a novel SOC test integration platform , solving real problems in test scheduling , test IO reduction , timing of functional test , scan IO sharing , embedded memory built-in self-test ( BIST ) , etc . The chip has been fabricated and tested successfully by our approach . Test results justify that short test integration cost , short test time , and small area overhead can be achieved . To support SOC testing , a memory BIST compiler and an SOC testing integration system have been developed .
0710.4670	cs.AR	Evolutionary Optimization in Code-Based Test Compression	We provide a general formulation for the code-based test compression problem with fixed-length input blocks and propose a solution approach based on Evolutionary Algorithms . In contrast to existing code-based methods , we allow unspecified values in matching vectors , which allows encoding of arbitrary test sets using a relatively small number of code-words . Experimental results for both stuck-at and path delay fault test sets for ISCAS circuits demonstrate an improvement compared to existing techniques .
0710.4671	cs.AR	An Application-Specific Design Methodology for STbus Crossbar Generation	As the communication requirements of current and future Multiprocessor Systems on Chips ( MPSoCs ) continue to increase , scalable communication architectures are needed to support the heavy communication demands of the system . This is reflected in the recent trend that many of the standard bus products such as STbus , have now introduced the capability of designing a crossbar with multiple buses operating in parallel . The crossbar configuration should be designed to closely match the application traffic characteristics and performance requirements . In this work we address this issue of application-specific design of optimal crossbar ( using STbus crossbar architecture ) , satisfying the performance requirements of the application and optimal binding of cores onto the crossbar resources . We present a simulation based design approach that is based on analysis of actual traffic trace of the application , considering local variations in traffic rates , temporal overlap among traffic streams and criticality of traffic streams . Our methodology is applied to several MPSoC designs and the resulting crossbar platforms are validated for performance by cycle-accurate SystemC simulation of the designs . The experimental case studies show large reduction in packet latencies ( up to 7x ) and large crossbar component savings ( up to 3.5x ) compared to traditional design approaches .
0710.4672	cs.AR	Yield Enhancement of Digital Microfluidics-Based Biochips Using Space Redundancy and Local Reconfiguration	As microfluidics-based biochips become more complex , manufacturing yield will have significant influence on production volume and product cost . We propose an interstitial redundancy approach to enhance the yield of biochips that are based on droplet-based microfluidics . In this design method , spare cells are placed in the interstitial sites within the microfluidic array , and they replace neighboring faulty cells via local reconfiguration . The proposed design method is evaluated using a set of concurrent real-life bioassays .
0710.4673	cs.AR	Design of Fault-Tolerant and Dynamically-Reconfigurable Microfluidic Biochips	Microfluidics-based biochips are soon expected to revolutionize clinical diagnosis , DNA sequencing , and other laboratory procedures involving molecular biology . Most microfluidic biochips are based on the principle of continuous fluid flow and they rely on permanently-etched microchannels , micropumps , and microvalves . We focus here on the automated design of `` digital '' droplet-based microfluidic biochips . In contrast to continuous-flow systems , digital microfluidics offers dynamic reconfigurability ; groups of cells in a microfluidics array can be reconfigured to change their functionality during the concurrent execution of a set of bioassays . We present a simulated annealing-based technique for module placement in such biochips . The placement procedure not only addresses chip area , but it also considers fault tolerance , which allows a microfluidic module to be relocated elsewhere in the system when a single cell is detected to be faulty . Simulation results are presented for a case study involving the polymerase chain reaction .
0710.4678	cs.AR	CMOS-Based Biosensor Arrays	CMOS-based sensor array chips provide new and attractive features as compared to today 's standard tools for medical , diagnostic , and biotechnical applications . Examples for molecule- and cell-based approaches and related circuit design issues are discussed .
0710.4679	cs.AR	DVS for On-Chip Bus Designs Based on Timing Error Correction	On-chip buses are typically designed to meet performance constraints at worst-case conditions , including process corner , temperature , IR-drop , and neighboring net switching pattern . This can result in significant performance slack at more typical operating conditions . In this paper , we propose a dynamic voltage scaling ( DVS ) technique for buses , based on a double sampling latch which can detect and correct for delay errors without the need for retransmission . The proposed approach recovers the available slack at non-worst-case operating points through more aggressive voltage scaling and tracks changing conditions by monitoring the error recovery rate . Voltage margins needed in traditional designs to accommodate worst-case performance conditions are therefore eliminated , resulting in a significant improvement in energy efficiency . The approach was implemented for a 6mm memory read bus operating at 1.5GHz ( 0.13 $ \mu $ m technology node ) and was simulated for a number of benchmark programs . Even at the worst-case process and environment conditions , energy gains of up to 17 % are achieved , with error recovery rates under 2.3 % . At more typical process and environment conditions , energy gains range from 35 % to 45 % , with a performance degradation under 2 % . An analysis of optimum interconnect architectures for maximizing energy gains with this approach shows that the proposed approach performs well with technology scaling .
0710.4680	cs.CC cs.IT math.IT	Energy Bounds for Fault-Tolerant Nanoscale Designs	The problem of determining lower bounds for the energy cost of a given nanoscale design is addressed via a complexity theory-based approach . This paper provides a theoretical framework that is able to assess the trade-offs existing in nanoscale designs between the amount of redundancy needed for a given level of resilience to errors and the associated energy cost . Circuit size , logic depth and error resilience are analyzed and brought together in a theoretical framework that can be seamlessly integrated with automated synthesis tools and can guide the design process of nanoscale systems comprised of failure prone devices . The impact of redundancy addition on the switching energy and its relationship with leakage energy is modeled in detail . Results show that 99 % error resilience is possible for fault-tolerant designs , but at the expense of at least 40 % more energy if individual gates fail independently with probability of 1 % .
0710.4681	cs.AR	A Quality-of-Service Mechanism for Interconnection Networks in System-on-Chips	As Moore 's Law continues to fuel the ability to build ever increasingly complex system-on-chips ( SoCs ) , achieving performance goals is rising as a critical challenge to completing designs . In particular , the system interconnect must efficiently service a diverse set of data flows with widely ranging quality-of-service ( QoS ) requirements . However , the known solutions for off-chip interconnects such as large-scale networks are not necessarily applicable to the on-chip environment . Latency and memory constraints for on-chip interconnects are quite different from larger-scale interconnects . This paper introduces a novel on-chip interconnect arbitration scheme . We show how this scheme can be distributed across a chip for high-speed implementation . We compare the performance of the arbitration scheme with other known interconnect arbitration schemes . Existing schemes typically focus heavily on either low latency of service for some initiators , or alternatively on guaranteed bandwidth delivery for other initiators . Our scheme allows service latency on some initiators to be traded off smoothly against jitter bounds on other initiators , while still delivering bandwidth guarantees . This scheme is a subset of the QoS controls that are available in the SonicsMX ? ( SMX ) product .
0710.4682	cs.SE	Applying UML and MDA to Real Systems Design	Traditionally system design has been made from a black box/functionality only perspective which forces the developer to concentrate on how the functionality can be decomposed and recomposed into so called components . While this technique is well established and well known it does suffer fromsome drawbacks ; namely that the systems produced can often be forced into certain , incompatible architectures , difficult to maintain or reuse and the code itself difficult to debug . Now that ideas such as the OMG 's Model Based Architecture ( MDA ) or Model Based Engineering ( MBE ) and the ubiquitous modelling language UML are being used ( allegedly ) and desired we face a number of challenges to existing techniques .
0710.4683	cs.PL	The Challenges of Hardware Synthesis from C-Like Languages	MANY TECHNIQUES for synthesizing digital hardware from C-like languages have been proposed , but none have emerged as successful as Verilog or VHDL for register-transfer-level design . This paper looks at two of the fundamental challenges : concurrency and timing control .
0710.4684	cs.AR	Reliability-Centric High-Level Synthesis	Importance of addressing soft errors in both safety critical applications and commercial consumer products is increasing , mainly due to ever shrinking geometries , higher-density circuits , and employment of power-saving techniques such as voltage scaling and component shut-down . As a result , it is becoming necessary to treat reliability as a first-class citizen in system design . In particular , reliability decisions taken early in system design can have significant benefits in terms of design quality . Motivated by this observation , this paper presents a reliability-centric high-level synthesis approach that addresses the soft error problem . The proposed approach tries to maximize reliability of the design while observing the bounds on area and performance , and makes use of our reliability characterization of hardware components such as adders and multipliers . We implemented the proposed approach , performed experiments with several designs , and compared the results with those obtained by a prior proposal .
0710.4685	cs.AR	Reliable System Specification for Self-Checking Data-Paths	The design of reliable circuits has received a lot of attention in the past , leading to the definition of several design techniques introducing fault detection and fault tolerance properties in systems for critical applications/environments . Such design methodologies tackled the problem at different abstraction levels , from switch-level to logic , RT level , and more recently to system level . Aim of this paper is to introduce a novel system-level technique based on the redefinition of the operators functionality in the system specification . This technique provides reliability properties to the system data path , transparently with respect to the designer . Feasibility , fault coverage , performance degradation and overheads are investigated on a FIR circuit .
0710.4686	cs.AR	Test Planning for Mixed-Signal SOCs with Wrapped Analog Cores	Many SOCs today contain both digital and analog embedded cores . Even though the test cost for such mixed-signal SOCs is significantly higher than that for digital SOCs , most prior research in this area has focused exclusively on digital cores . We propose a low-cost test development methodology for mixed-signal SOCs that allows the analog and digital cores to be tested in a unified manner , thereby minimizing the overall test cost . The analog cores in the SOC are wrapped such that they can be accessed using a digital test access mechanism ( TAM ) . We evaluate the impact of the use of analog test wrappers on area overhead and test time . To reduce area overhead , we present an analog test wrapper optimization technique , which is then combined with TAM optimization in a cost-oriented heuristic approach for test scheduling . We also demonstrate the feasibility of using analog wrappers by presenting transistor-level simulations for an analog wrapper and a representative core . We present experimental results on test scheduling for an ITC'02 benchmark SOC that has been augmented with five analog cores .
0710.4687	cs.AR	On-Chip Test Infrastructure Design for Optimal Multi-Site Testing of System Chips	Multi-site testing is a popular and effective way to increase test throughput and reduce test costs . We present a test throughput model , in which we focus on wafer testing , and consider parameters like test time , index time , abort-on-fail , and contact yield . Conventional multi-site testing requires sufficient ATE resources , such as ATE channels , to allow to test multiple SOCs in parallel . In this paper , we design and optimize on-chip DfT , in order to maximize the test throughput for a given SOC and ATE . The on-chip DfT consists of an E-RPCT wrapper , and , for modular SOCs , module wrappers and TAMs . We present experimental results for a Philips SOC and several ITC'02 SOC Test Benchmarks .
0710.4688	cs.AR	On the Optimal Design of Triple Modular Redundancy Logic for SRAM-based FPGAs	Triple Modular Redundancy ( TMR ) is a suitable fault tolerant technique for SRAM-based FPGA . However , one of the main challenges in achieving 100 % robustness in designs protected by TMR running on programmable platforms is to prevent upsets in the routing from provoking undesirable connections between signals from distinct redundant logic parts , which can generate an error in the output . This paper investigates the optimal design of the TMR logic ( e.g. , by cleverly inserting voters ) to ensure robustness . Four different versions of a TMR digital filter were analyzed by fault injection . Faults were randomly inserted straight into the bitstream of the FPGA . The experimental results presented in this paper demonstrate that the number and placement of voters in the TMR design can directly affect the fault tolerance , ranging from 4.03 % to 0.98 % the number of upsets in the routing able to cause an error in the TMR circuit .
0710.4689	cs.LO	Functional Equivalence Checking for Verification of Algebraic Transformations on Array-Intensive Source Code	Development of energy and performance-efficient embedded software is increasingly relying on application of complex transformations on the critical parts of the source code . Designers applying such nontrivial source code transformations are often faced with the problem of ensuring functional equivalence of the original and transformed programs . Currently they have to rely on incomplete and time-consuming simulation . Formal automatic verification of the transformed program against the original is instead desirable . This calls for equivalence checking tools similar to the ones available for comparing digital circuits . We present such a tool to compare array-intensive programs related through a combination of important global transformations like expression propagations , loop and algebraic transformations . When the transformed program fails to pass the equivalence check , the tool provides specific feedback on the possible locations of errors .
0710.4690	cs.OH	RIP : An Efficient Hybrid Repeater Insertion Scheme for Low Power	This paper presents a novel repeater insertion algorithm for interconnect power minimization . The novelty of our approach is in the judicious integration of an analytical solver and a dynamic programming based method . Specifically , the analytical solver chooses a concise repeater library and a small set of repeater location candidates such that the dynamic programming algorithm can be performed fast with little degradation of the solution quality . In comparison with previously reported repeater insertion schemes , within comparable runtimes , our approach achieves up to 37 % higher power savings . Moreover , for the same design quality , our scheme attains a speedup of two orders of magnitude .
0710.4691	cs.AR	An O ( bn^2 ) Time Algorithm for Optimal Buffer Insertion with b Buffer Types	Buffer insertion is a popular technique to reduce the interconnect delay . The classic buffer insertion algorithm of van Ginneken has time complexity O ( n^2 ) , where n is the number of buffer positions . Lillis , Cheng and Lin extended van Ginneken 's algorithm to allow b buffer types in time O ( b^2 n^2 ) . For modern design libraries that contain hundreds of buffers , it is a serious challenge to balance the speed and performance of the buffer insertion algorithm . In this paper , we present a new algorithm that computes the optimal buffer insertion in O ( bn^2 ) time . The reduction is achieved by the observation that the ( Q , C ) pairs of the candidates that generate the new candidates must form a convex hull . On industrial test cases , the new algorithm is faster than the previous best buffer insertion algorithms by orders of magnitude .
0710.4692	cs.AR	Cantilever-Based Biosensors in CMOS Technology	Single-chip CMOS-based biosensors that feature microcantilevers as transducer elements are presented . The cantilevers are functionalized for the capturing of specific analytes , e.g. , proteins or DNA . The binding of the analyte changes the mechanical properties of the cantilevers such as surface stress and resonant frequency , which can be detected by an integrated Wheatstone bridge . The monolithic integrated readout allows for a high signal-to-noise ratio , lowers the sensitivity to external interference and enables autonomous device operation .
0710.4693	cs.AR	Memory Testing Under Different Stress Conditions : An Industrial Evaluation	This paper presents the effectiveness of various stress conditions ( mainly voltage and frequency ) on detecting the resistive shorts and open defects in deep sub-micron embedded memories in an industrial environment . Simulation studies on very-low voltage , high voltage and at-speed testing show the need of the stress conditions for high quality products ; i.e. , low defect-per-million ( DPM ) level , which is driving the semiconductor market today . The above test conditions have been validated to screen out bad devices on real silicon ( a test-chip ) built on CMOS 0.18 um technology . IFA ( inductive fault analysis ) based simulation technique leads to an efficient fault coverage and DPM estimator , which helps the customers upfront to make decisions on test algorithm implementations under different stress conditions in order to reduce the number of test escapes .
0710.4694	cs.LO	Exact Synthesis of 3-Qubit Quantum Circuits from Non-Binary Quantum Gates Using Multiple-Valued Logic and Group Theory	We propose an approach to optimally synthesize quantum circuits from non-permutative quantum gates such as Controlled-Square-Root-of-Not ( i.e . Controlled-V ) . Our approach reduces the synthesis problem to multiple-valued optimization and uses group theory . We devise a novel technique that transforms the quantum logic synthesis problem from a multi-valued constrained optimization problem to a group permutation problem . The transformation enables us to utilize group theory to exploit the properties of the synthesis problem . Assuming a cost of one for each two-qubit gate , we found all reversible circuits with quantum costs of 4 , 5 , 6 , etc , and give another algorithm to realize these reversible circuits with quantum gates .
0710.4695	cs.LO	SAT-Based Complete Don't-Care Computation for Network Optimization	This paper describes an improved approach to Boolean network optimization using internal don't-cares . The improvements concern the type of don't-cares computed , their scope , and the computation method . Instead of the traditionally used compatible observability don't-cares ( CODCs ) , we introduce and justify the use of complete don't-cares ( CDC ) . To ensure the robustness of the don't-care computation for very large industrial networks , a optional windowing scheme is implemented that computes substantial subsets of the CDCs in reasonable time . Finally , we give a SAT-based don't-care computation algorithm that is more efficient than BDD-based algorithms . Experimental results confirm that these improvements work well in practice . Complete don't-cares allow for a reduction in the number of literals compared to the CODCs . Windowing guarantees robustness , even for very large benchmarks on which previous methods could not be applied . SAT reduces the runtime and enhances robustness , making don't-cares affordable for a variety of other Boolean methods applied to the network .
0710.4697	cs.AR	Statistical Timing Based Optimization using Gate Sizing	The increased dominance of intra-die process variations has motivated the field of Statistical Static Timing Analysis ( SSTA ) and has raised the need for SSTA-based circuit optimization . In this paper , we propose a new sensitivity based , statistical gate sizing method . Since brute-force computation of the change in circuit delay distribution to gate size change is computationally expensive , we propose an efficient and exact pruning algorithm . The pruning algorithm is based on a novel theory of perturbation bounds which are shown to decrease as they propagate through the circuit . This allows pruning of gate sensitivities without complete propagation of their perturbations . We apply our proposed optimization algorithm to ISCAS benchmark circuits and demonstrate the accuracy and efficiency of the proposed method . Our results show an improvement of up to 10.5 % in the 99-percentile circuit delay for the same circuit area , using the proposed statistical optimizer and a run time improvement of up to 56x compared to the brute-force approach .
0710.4698	cs.LO	Automated Synthesis of Assertion Monitors using Visual Specifications	Automated synthesis of monitors from high-level properties plays a significant role in assertion-based verification . We present here a methodology to synthesize assertion monitors from visual specifications given in CESC ( Clocked Event Sequence Chart ) . CESC is a visual language designed for specifying system level interactions involving single and multiple clock domains . It has well-defined graphical and textual syntax and formal semantics based on synchronous language paradigm enabling formal analysis of specifications . In this paper we provide an overview of CESC language with few illustrative examples . The algorithm for automated synthesis of assertion monitors from CESC specifications is described . A few examples from standard bus protocols ( OCP-IP and AMBA ) are presented to demonstrate the application of monitor synthesis algorithm .
0710.4700	cs.SE	A Decompilation Approach to Partitioning Software for Microprocessor/FPGA Platforms	In this paper , we present a software compilation approach for microprocessor/FPGA platforms that partitions a software binary onto custom hardware implemented in the FPGA . Our approach imposes less restrictions on software tool flow than previous compiler approaches , allowing software designers to use any software language and compiler . Our approach uses a back-end partitioning tool that utilizes decompilation techniques to recover important high-level information , resulting in performance comparable to high-level compiler-based approaches .
0710.4701	cs.PF	A Prediction Packetizing Scheme for Reducing Channel Traffic in Transaction-Level Hardware/Software Co-Emulation	This paper presents a scheme for efficient channel usage between simulator and accelerator where the accelerator models some RTL sub-blocks in the accelerator-based hardware/software co-simulation while the simulator runs transaction-level model of the remaining part of the whole chip being verified . With conventional simulation accelerator , evaluations of simulator and accelerator alternate at every valid simulation time , which results in poor simulation performance due to startup overhead of simulator-accelerator channel access . The startup overhead can be reduced by merging multiple transactions on the channel into a single burst traffic . We propose a predictive packetizing scheme for reducing channel traffic by merging as many transactions into a burst traffic as possible based on 'prediction and rollback . ' Under ideal condition with 100 % prediction accuracy , the proposed method shows a performance gain of 1500 % compared to the conventional one .
0710.4702	cs.PL	A Register Allocation Algorithm in the Presence of Scalar Replacement for Fine-Grain Configurable Architectures	The aggressive application of scalar replacement to array references substantially reduces the number of memory operations at the expense of a possibly very large number of registers . In this paper we describe a register allocation algorithm that assigns registers to scalar replaced array references along the critical paths of a computation , in many cases exploiting the opportunity for concurrent memory accesses . Experimental results , for a set of image/signal processing code kernels , reveal that the proposed algorithm leads to a substantial reduction of the number of execution cycles for the corresponding hardware implementation on a contemporary Field-Programmable-Gate-Array ( FPGA ) when compared to other greedy allocation algorithms , in some cases , using even fewer number of registers .
0710.4703	cs.AR	A Way Memoization Technique for Reducing Power Consumption of Caches in Application Specific Integrated Processors	This paper presents a technique for eliminating redundant cache-tag and cache-way accesses to reduce power consumption . The basic idea is to keep a small number of Most Recently Used ( MRU ) addresses in a Memory Address Buffer ( MAB ) and to omit redundant tag and way accesses when there is a MAB-hit . Since the approach keeps only tag and set-index values in the MAB , the energy and area overheads are relatively small even for a MAB with a large number of entries . Furthermore , the approach does not sacrifice the performance . In other words , neither the cycle time nor the number of executed cycles increases . The proposed technique has been applied to Fujitsu VLIW processor ( FR-V ) and its power saving has been estimated using NanoSim . Experiments for 32kB 2-way set associative caches show the power consumption of I-cache and D-cache can be reduced by 40 % and 50 % , respectively .
0710.4704	cs.AR	Resource Sharing and Pipelining in Coarse-Grained Reconfigurable Architecture for Domain-Specific Optimization	Coarse-grained reconfigurable architectures aim to achieve both goals of high performance and flexibility . However , existing reconfigurable array architectures require many resources without considering the specific application domain . Functional resources that take long latency and/or large area can be pipelined and/or shared among the processing elements . Therefore the hardware cost and the delay can be effectively reduced without any performance degradation for some application domains . We suggest such reconfigurable array architecture template and design space exploration flow for domain-specific optimization . Experimental results show that our approach is much more efficient both in performance and area compared to existing reconfigurable architectures .
0710.4705	cs.AR	A Study of the Speedups and Competitiveness of FPGA Soft Processor Cores using Dynamic Hardware/Software Partitioning	Field programmable gate arrays ( FPGAs ) provide designers with the ability to quickly create hardware circuits . Increases in FPGA configurable logic capacity and decreasing FPGA costs have enabled designers to more readily incorporate FPGAs in their designs . FPGA vendors have begun providing configurable soft processor cores that can be synthesized onto their FPGA products . While FPGAs with soft processor cores provide designers with increased flexibility , such processors typically have degraded performance and energy consumption compared to hard-core processors . Previously , we proposed warp processing , a technique capable of optimizing a software application by dynamically and transparently re-implementing critical software kernels as custom circuits in on-chip configurable logic . In this paper , we study the potential of a MicroBlaze soft-core based warp processing system to eliminate the performance and energy overhead of a soft-core processor compared to a hard-core processor . We demonstrate that the soft-core based warp processor achieves average speedups of 5.8 and energy reductions of 57 % compared to the soft core alone . Our data shows that a soft-core based warp processor yields performance and energy consumption competitive with existing hard-core processors , thus expanding the usefulness of soft processor cores on FPGAs to a broader range of applications .
0710.4706	cs.AR	An Infrastructure to Functionally Test Designs Generated by Compilers Targeting FPGAs	This paper presents an infrastructure to test the functionality of the specific architectures output by a high-level compiler targeting dynamically reconfigurable hardware . It results in a suitable scheme to verify the architectures generated by the compiler , each time new optimization techniques are included or changes in the compiler are performed . We believe this kind of infrastructure is important to verify , by functional simulation , further research techniques , as far as compilation to Field-Programmable Gate Array ( FPGA ) platforms is concerned .
0710.4707	cs.AR	Energy- and Performance-Driven NoC Communication Architecture Synthesis Using a Decomposition Approach	In this paper , we present a methodology for customized communication architecture synthesis that matches the communication requirements of the target application . This is an important problem , particularly for network-based implementations of complex applications . Our approach is based on using frequently encountered generic communication primitives as an alphabet capable of characterizing any given communication pattern . The proposed algorithm searches through the entire design space for a solution that minimizes the system total energy consumption , while satisfying the other design constraints . Compared to the standard mesh architecture , the customized architecture generated by the newly proposed approach shows about 36 % throughput increase and 51 % reduction in the energy required to encrypt 128 bits of data with a standard encryption algorithm .
0710.4709	cs.AR	Analog and Digital Circuit Design in 65 nm CMOS : End of the Road ?	This special session adresses the problems that designers face when implementing analog and digital circuits in nanometer technologies . An introductory embedded tutorial will give an overview of the design problems at hand : the leakage power and process variability and their implications for digital circuits and memories , and the reducing supply voltages , the design productivity and signal integrity problems for embedded analog blocks . Next , a panel of experts from both industrial semiconductor houses and design companies , EDA vendors and research institutes will present and discuss with the audience their opinions on whether the design road ends at marker `` 65nm '' or not .
0710.4710	cs.OH	HEBS : Histogram Equalization for Backlight Scaling	In this paper , a method is proposed for finding a pixel transformation function that maximizes backlight dimming while maintaining a pre-specified image distortion level for a liquid crystal display . This is achieved by finding a pixel transformation function , which maps the original image histogram to a new histogram with lower dynamic range . Next the contrast of the transformed image is enhanced so as to compensate for brightness loss that would arise from backlight dimming . The proposed approach relies on an accurate definition of the image distortion which takes into account both the pixel value differences and a model of the human visual system and is amenable to highly efficient hardware realization . Experimental results show that the histogram equalization for backlight scaling method results in about 45 % power saving with an effective distortion rate of 5 % and 65 % power saving for a 20 % distortion rate . This is significantly higher power savings compared to previously reported backlight dimming approaches .
0710.4711	cs.AR	FPGA Architecture for Multi-Style Asynchronous Logic	This paper presents a novel FPGA architecture for implementing various styles of asynchronous logic . The main objective is to break the dependency between the FPGA architecture dedicated to asynchronous logic and the logic style . The innovative aspects of the architecture are described . Moreover the structure is well suited to be rebuilt and adapted to fit with further asynchronous logic evolutions thanks to the architecture genericity . A full-adder was implemented in different styles of logic to show the architecture flexibility .
0710.4712	cs.AR	An Accurate SER Estimation Method Based on Propagation Probability	In this paper , we present an accurate but very fast soft error rate ( SER ) estimation technique for digital circuits based on error propagation probability ( EPP ) computation . Experiments results and comparison of the results with the random simulation technique show that our proposed method is on average within 6 % of the random simulation method and four to five orders of magnitude faster .
0710.4713	cs.AR	Improving the Process-Variation Tolerance of Digital Circuits Using Gate Sizing and Statistical Techniques	A new approach for enhancing the process-variation tolerance of digital circuits is described . We extend recent advances in statistical timing analysis into an optimization framework . Our objective is to reduce the performance variance of a technology-mapped circuit where delays across elements are represented by random variables which capture the manufacturing variations . We introduce the notion of statistical critical paths , which account for both means and variances of performance variation . An optimization engine is used to size gates with a goal of reducing the timing variance along the statistical critical paths . We apply a pair of nested statistical analysis methods deploying a slower more accurate approach for tracking statistical critical paths and a fast engine for evaluation of gate size assignments . We derive a new approximation for the max operation on random variables which is deployed for the faster inner engine . Circuit optimization is carried out using a gain-based algorithm that terminates when constraints are satisfied or no further improvements can be made . We show optimization results that demonstrate an average of 72 % reduction in performance variation at the expense of average 20 % increase in design area .
0710.4714	cs.AR	Assertion-Based Design Exploration of DVS in Network Processor Architectures	With the scaling of technology and higher requirements on performance and functionality , power dissipation is becoming one of the major design considerations in the development of network processors . In this paper , we use an assertion-based methodology for system-level power/performance analysis to study two dynamic voltage scaling ( DVS ) techniques , traffic-based DVS and execution-based DVS , in a network processor model . Using the automatically generated distribution analyzers , we analyze the power and performance distributions and study their trade-offs for the two DVS policies with different parameter settings such as threshold values and window sizes . We discuss the optimal configurations of the two DVS policies under different design requirements . By a set of experiments , we show that the assertion-based trace analysis methodology is an efficient tool that can help a designer easily compare and study optimal architectural configurations in a large design space .
0710.4715	cs.AR	Circuit-Level Modeling for Concurrent Testing of Operational Defects due to Gate Oxide Breakdown	As device sizes shrink and current densities increase , the probability of device failures due to gate oxide breakdown ( OBD ) also increases . To provide designs that are tolerant to such failures , we must investigate and understand the manifestations of this physical phenomenon at the circuit and system level . In this paper , we develop a model for operational OBD defects , and we explore how to test for faults due to OBD . For a NAND gate , we derive the necessary input conditions that excite and detect errors due to OBD defects at the gate level . We show that traditional pattern generators fail to exercise all of these defects . Finally , we show that these test patterns can be propagated and justified for a combinational circuit in a manner similar to traditional ATPG .
0710.4716	cs.AR	Optimized Generation of Data-Path from C Codes for FPGAs	FPGAs , as computing devices , offer significant speedup over microprocessors . Furthermore , their configurability offers an advantage over traditional ASICs . However , they do not yet enjoy high-level language programmability , as microprocessors do . This has become the main obstacle for their wider acceptance by application designers . ROCCC is a compiler designed to generate circuits from C source code to execute on FPGAs , more specifically on CSoCs . It generates RTL level HDLs from frequently executing kernels in an application . In this paper , we describe ROCCC 's system overview and focus on its data path generation . We compare the performance of ROCCC-generated VHDL code with that of Xilinx IPs . The synthesis result shows that ROCCC-generated circuit takes around 2x ~ 3x area and runs at comparable clock rate .
0710.4717	cs.AR	Multi-Placement Structures for Fast and Optimized Placement in Analog Circuit Synthesis	This paper presents the novel idea of multi-placement structures , for a fast and optimized placement instantiation in analog circuit synthesis . These structures need to be generated only once for a specific circuit topology . When used in synthesis , these pre-generated structures instantiate various layout floorplans for various sizes and parameters of a circuit . Unlike procedural layout generators , they enable fast placement of circuits while keeping the quality of the placements at a high level during a synthesis process . The fast placement is a result of high speed instantiation resulting from the efficiency of the multi-placement structure . The good quality of placements derive from the extensive and intelligent search process that is used to build the multi-placement structure . The target benchmarks of these structures are analog circuits in the vicinity of 25 modules . An algorithm for the generation of such multi-placement structures is presented . Experimental results show placement execution times with an average of a few milliseconds making them usable during layout-aware synthesis for optimized placements .
0710.4718	cs.OH	Noise Figure Evaluation Using Low Cost BIST	A technique for evaluating noise figure suitable for BIST implementation is described . It is based on a low cost single-bit digitizer , which allows the simultaneous evaluation of noise figure in several test points of the analog circuit . The method is also able to benefit from SoC resources , like memory and processing power . Theoretical background and experimental results are presented in order to demonstrate the feasibility of the approach .
0710.4719	cs.AR	Specification Test Compaction for Analog Circuits and MEMS	Testing a non-digital integrated system against all of its specifications can be quite expensive due to the elaborate test application and measurement setup required . We propose to eliminate redundant tests by employing e-SVM based statistical learning . Application of the proposed methodology to an operational amplifier and a MEMS accelerometer reveal that redundant tests can be statistically identified from a complete set of specification-based tests with negligible error . Specifically , after eliminating five of eleven specification-based tests for an operational amplifier , the defect escape and yield loss is small at 0.6 % and 0.9 % , respectively . For the accelerometer , defect escape of 0.2 % and yield loss of 0.1 % occurs when the hot and colt tests are eliminated . For the accelerometer , this level of Compaction would reduce test cost by more than half .
0710.4720	cs.AR	Soft-Error Tolerance Analysis and Optimization of Nanometer Circuits	Nanometer circuits are becoming increasingly susceptible to soft-errors due to alpha-particle and atmospheric neutron strikes as device scaling reduces node capacitances and supply/threshold voltage scaling reduces noise margins . It is becoming crucial to add soft-error tolerance estimation and optimization to the design flow to handle the increasing susceptibility . The first part of this paper presents a tool for accurate soft-error tolerance analysis of nanometer circuits ( ASERTA ) that can be used to estimate the soft-error tolerance of nanometer circuits consisting of millions of gates . The tolerance estimates generated by the tool match SPICE generated estimates closely while taking orders of magnitude less computation time . The second part of the paper presents a tool for soft-error tolerance optimization of nanometer circuits ( SERTOPT ) using the tolerance estimates generated by ASERTA . The tool finds optimal sizes , channel lengths , supply voltages and threshold voltages to be assigned to gates in a combinational circuit such that the soft-error tolerance is increased while meeting the timing constraint . Experiments on ISCAS'85 benchmark circuits showed that soft-error rate of the optimized circuit decreased by as much as 47 % with marginal increase in circuit delay .
0710.4721	cs.AR	IEEE 1149.4 Compatible ABMs for Basic RF Measurements	An analogue testing standard IEEE 1149.4 is mainly targeted for low-frequency testing . The problem studied in this paper is extending the standard also for radio frequency testing . IEEE 1149.4 compatible measurement structures ( ABMs ) developed in this study extract the information one is measuring from the radio frequency signal and represent the result as a DC voltage level . The ABMs presented in this paper are targeted for power and frequency measurements operating in frequencies from 1 GHz to 2 GHz . The power measurement error caused by temperature , supply voltage and process variations is roughly 2 dB and the frequency measurement error is 0.1 GHz , respectively .
0710.4722	cs.AR	Designer-Driven Topology Optimization for Pipelined Analog to Digital Converters	This paper suggests a practical `` hybrid '' synthesis methodology which integrates designer-derived analytical models for system-level description with simulation-based models at the circuit level . We show how to optimize stage-resolution to minimize the power in a pipelined ADC . Exploration ( via detailed synthesis ) of several ADC configurations is used to show that a 4-3-2 ... resolution distribution uses the least power for a 13-bit 40 MSPS converter in a 0.25 $ \mu $ m CMOS process .
0710.4723	cs.PF	Simulation Methodology for Analysis of Substrate Noise Impact on Analog / RF Circuits Including Interconnect Resistance	This paper reports a novel simulation methodology for analysis and prediction of substrate noise impact on analog / RF circuits taking into account the role of the parasitic resistance of the on-chip interconnect in the impact mechanism . This methodology allows investigation of the role of the separate devices ( also parasitic devices ) in the analog / RF circuit in the overall impact . This way is revealed which devices have to be taken care of ( shielding , topology change ) to protect the circuit against substrate noise . The developed methodology is used to analyze impact of substrate noise on a 3 GHz LC-tank Voltage Controlled Oscillator ( VCO ) designed in a high-ohmic 0.18 $ \mu $ m 1PM6 CMOS technology . For this VCO ( in the investigated frequency range from DC to 15 MHz ) impact is mainly caused by resistive coupling of noise from the substrate to the non-ideal on-chip ground interconnect , resulting in analog ground bounce and frequency modulation . Hence , the presented test-case reveals the important role of the on-chip interconnect in the phenomenon of substrate noise impact .
0710.4724	cs.AR	Systematic Figure of Merit Computation for the Design of Pipeline ADC	The emerging concept of SoC-AMS leads to research new top-down methodologies to aid systems designers in sizing analog and mixed devices . This work applies this idea to the high-level optimization of pipeline ADC . Considering a given technology , it consists in comparing different configurations according to their imperfections and their architectures without FFT computation or time-consuming simulations . The final selection is based on a figure of merit .
0710.4725	cs.NE	Fault-Trajectory Approach for Fault Diagnosis on Analog Circuits	This issue discusses the fault-trajectory approach suitability for fault diagnosis on analog networks . Recent works have shown promising results concerning a method based on this concept for ATPG for diagnosing faults on analog networks . Such method relies on evolutionary techniques , where a generic algorithm ( GA ) is coded to generate a set of optimum frequencies capable to disclose faults .
0710.4727	cs.AR	Top-Down Design of a Low-Power Multi-Channel 2.5-Gbit/s/Channel Gated Oscillator Clock-Recovery Circuit	We present a complete top-down design of a low-power multi-channel clock recovery circuit based on gated current-controlled oscillators . The flow includes several tools and methods used to specify block constraints , to design and verify the topology down to the transistor level , as well as to achieve a power consumption as low as 5mW/Gbit/s . Statistical simulation is used to estimate the achievable bit error rate in presence of phase and frequency errors and to prove the feasibility of the concept . VHDL modeling provides extensive verification of the topology . Thermal noise modeling based on well-known concepts delivers design parameters for the device sizing and biasing . We present two practical examples of possible design improvements analyzed and implemented with this methodology .
0710.4728	cs.AR	Energy-Aware Routing for E-Textile Applications	As the scale of electronic devices shrinks , `` electronic textiles '' ( e-textiles ) will make possible a wide variety of novel applications which are currently unfeasible . Due to the wearability concerns , low-power techniques are critical for e-textile applications . In this paper , we address the issue of the energy-aware routing for e-textile platforms and propose an efficient algorithm to solve it . The platform we consider consists of dedicated components for e-textiles , including computational modules , dedicated transmission lines and thin-film batteries on fiber substrates . Furthermore , we derive an analytical upper bound for the achievable number of jobs completed over all possible routing strategies . From a practical standpoint , for the Advanced Encryption Standard ( AES ) cipher , the routing technique we propose achieves about fifty percent of this analytical upper bound . Moreover , compared to the non-energy-aware counterpart , our routing technique increases the number of encryption jobs completed by one order of magnitude .
0710.4729	cs.AR	Modeling and Analysis of Loading Effect in Leakage of Nano-Scaled Bulk-CMOS Logic Circuits	In nanometer scaled CMOS devices significant increase in the subthreshold , the gate and the reverse biased junction band-to-band-tunneling ( BTBT ) leakage , results in the large increase of total leakage power in a logic circuit . Leakage components interact with each other in device level ( through device geometry , doping profile ) and also in the circuit level ( through node voltages ) . Due to the circuit level interaction of the different leakage components , the leakage of a logic gate strongly depends on the circuit topology i.e . number and nature of the other logic gates connected to its input and output . In this paper , for the first time , we have analyzed loading effect on leakage and proposed a method to accurately estimate the total leakage in a logic circuit , from its logic level description considering the impact of loading and transistor stacking .
0710.4731	cs.AR	Leakage-Aware Interconnect for On-Chip Network	On-chip networks have been proposed as the interconnect fabric for future systems-on-chip and multi-processors on chip . Power is one of the main constraints of these systems and interconnect consumes a significant portion of the power budget . In this paper , we propose four leakage-aware interconnect schemes . Our schemes achieve 10.13 % ~63.57 % active leakage savings and 12.35 % ~95.96 % standby leakage savings across schemes while the delay penalty ranges from 0 % to 4.69 % .
0710.4732	cs.NI	Energy Efficiency of the IEEE 802.15.4 Standard in Dense Wireless Microsensor Networks : Modeling and Improvement Perspectives	Wireless microsensor networks , which have been the topic of intensive research in recent years , are now emerging in industrial applications . An important milestone in this transition has been the release of the IEEE 802.15.4 standard that specifies interoperable wireless physical and medium access control layers targeted to sensor node radios . In this paper , we evaluate the potential of an 802.15.4 radio for use in an ultra low power sensor node operating in a dense network . Starting from measurements carried out on the off-the-shelf radio , effective radio activation and link adaptation policies are derived . It is shown that , in a typical sensor network scenario , the average power per node can be reduced down to 211m mm mW . Next , the energy consumption breakdown between the different phases of a packet transmission is presented , indicating which part of the transceiver architecture can most effectively be optimized in order to further reduce the radio power , enabling self-powered wireless microsensor networks .
0710.4733	cs.AR	Smart Temperature Sensor for Thermal Testing of Cell-Based ICs	In this paper we present a simple and efficient built-in temperature sensor for thermal monitoring of standard-cell based VLSI circuits . The proposed smart temperature sensor uses a ring-oscillator composed of complex gates instead of inverters to optimize their linearity . Simulation results from a 0.18 $ \mu $ m CMOS technology show that the non-linearity error of the sensor can be reduced when an adequate set of standard logic gates is selected .
0710.4734	cs.AI cs.NE	Computational Intelligence Characterization Method of Semiconductor Device	Characterization of semiconductor devices is used to gather as much data about the device as possible to determine weaknesses in design or trends in the manufacturing process . In this paper , we propose a novel multiple trip point characterization concept to overcome the constraint of single trip point concept in device characterization phase . In addition , we use computational intelligence techniques ( e.g . neural network , fuzzy and genetic algorithm ) to further manipulate these sets of multiple trip point values and tests based on semiconductor test equipments , Our experimental results demonstrate an excellent design parameter variation analysis in device characterization phase , as well as detection of a set of worst case tests that can provoke the worst case variation , while traditional approach was not capable of detecting them .
0710.4735	cs.AR	Worst-Case and Average-Case Analysis of n-Detection Test Sets	Test sets that detect each target fault n times ( n-detection test sets ) are typically generated for restricted values of n due to the increase in test set size with n. We perform both a worst-case analysis and an average-case analysis to check the effect of restricting n on the unmodeled fault coverage of an ( arbitrary ) n-detection test set . Our analysis is independent of any particular test set or test generation approach . It is based on a specific set of target faults and a specific set of untargeted faults . It shows that , depending on the circuit , very large values of n may be needed to guarantee the detection of all the untargeted faults . We discuss the implications of these results .
0710.4736	cs.AR	A New Embedded Measurement Structure for eDRAM Capacitor	The embedded DRAM ( eDRAM ) is more and more used in System On Chip ( SOC ) . The integration of the DRAM capacitor process into a logic process is challenging to get satisfactory yields . The specific process of DRAM capacitor and the low capacitance value ( ~30F ) of this device induce problems of process monitoring and failure analysis . We propose a new test structure to measure the capacitance value of each DRAM cell capacitor in a DRAM array . This concept has been validated by simulation on a 0.18 $ \mu $ m eDRAM technology .
0710.4737	cs.OH	Efficient Feasibility Analysis for Real-Time Systems with EDF Scheduling	This paper presents new fast exact feasibility tests for uniprocessor real-time systems using preemptive EDF scheduling . Task sets which are accepted by previously described sufficient tests will be evaluated in nearly the same time as with the old tests by the new algorithms . Many task sets are not accepted by the earlier tests despite them beeing feasible . These task sets will be evaluated by the new algorithms a lot faster than with known exact feasibility tests . Therefore it is possible to use them for many applications for which only sufficient test are suitable . Additionally this paper shows that the best previous known sufficient test , the best known feasibility bound and the best known approximation algorithm can be derived from these new tests . In result this leads to an integrated schedulability theory for EDF .
0710.4738	cs.AR	Exploring NoC Mapping Strategies : An Energy and Timing Aware Technique	Complex applications implemented as Systems on Chip ( SoCs ) demand extensive use of system level modeling and validation . Their implementation gathers a large number of complex IP cores and advanced interconnection schemes , such as hierarchical bus architectures or networks on chip ( NoCs ) . Modeling applications involves capturing its computation and communication characteristics . Previously proposed communication weighted models ( CWM ) consider only the application communication aspects . This work proposes a communication dependence and computation model ( CDCM ) that can simultaneously consider both aspects of an application . It presents a solution to the problem of mapping applications on regular NoCs while considering execution time and energy consumption . The use of CDCM is shown to provide estimated average reductions of 40 % in execution time , and 20 % in energy consumption , for current technologies .
0710.4739	cs.OH	Q-DPM : An Efficient Model-Free Dynamic Power Management Technique	When applying Dynamic Power Management ( DPM ) technique to pervasively deployed embedded systems , the technique needs to be very efficient so that it is feasible to implement the technique on low end processor and tight-budget memory . Furthermore , it should have the capability to track time varying behavior rapidly because the time varying is an inherent characteristic of real world system . Existing methods , which are usually model-based , may not satisfy the aforementioned requirements . In this paper , we propose a model-free DPM technique based on Q-Learning . Q-DPM is much more efficient because it removes the overhead of parameter estimator and mode-switch controller . Furthermore , its policy optimization is performed via consecutive online trialing , which also leads to very rapid response to time varying behavior .
0710.4740	cs.OH	A New Approach to Component Testing	Carefully tested electric/electronic components are a requirement for effective hardware-in-the-loop tests and vehicle tests in automotive industry . A new method for definition and execution of component tests is described . The most important advantage of this method is independance from the test stand . It therefore offers the oppportunity to build up knowledge over a long period of time and the ability to share this knowledge with different partners .
0710.4742	cs.AR	Hardware Accelerated Power Estimation	In this paper , we present power emulation , a novel design paradigm that utilizes hardware acceleration for the purpose of fast power estimation . Power emulation is based on the observation that the functions necessary for power estimation ( power model evaluation , aggregation , etc . ) can be implemented as hardware circuits . Therefore , we can enhance any given design with `` power estimation hardware '' , map it to a prototyping platform , and exercise it with any given test stimuli to obtain power consumption estimates . Our empirical studies with industrial designs reveal that power emulation can achieve significant speedups ( 10X to 500X ) over state-of-the-art commercial register-transfer level ( RTL ) power estimation tools .
0710.4743	cs.LO	Efficient Solution of Language Equations Using Partitioned Representations	A class of discrete event synthesis problems can be reduced to solving language equations f . X & sube ; S , where F is the fixed component and S the specification . Sequential synthesis deals with FSMs when the automata for F and S are prefix closed , and are naturally represented by multi-level networks with latches . For this special case , we present an efficient computation , using partitioned representations , of the most general prefix-closed solution of the above class of language equations . The transition and the output relations of the FSMs for F and S in their partitioned form are represented by the sets of output and next state functions of the corresponding networks . Experimentally , we show that using partitioned representations is much faster than using monolithic representations , as well as applicable to larger problem instances .
0710.4745	cs.OH	Embedded Automotive System Development Process	Model based design enables the automatic generation of final-build software from models for high-volume automotive embedded systems . This paper presents a framework of processes , methods and tools for the design of automotive embedded systems . A steer-by-wire system serves as an example .
0710.4746	cs.OS	RTK-Spec TRON : A Simulation Model of an ITRON Based RTOS Kernel in SystemC	This paper presents the methodology and the modeling constructs we have developed to capture the real time aspects of RTOS simulation models in a System Level Design Language ( SLDL ) like SystemC . We describe these constructs and show how they are used to build a simulation model of an RTOS kernel targeting the $ \mu $ -ITRON OS specification standard .
0710.4747	cs.AR	An Efficient Transparent Test Scheme for Embedded Word-Oriented Memories	Memory cores are usually the densest portion with the smallest feature size in system-on-chip ( SOC ) designs . The reliability of memory cores thus has heavy impact on the reliability of SOCs . Transparent test is one of useful technique for improving the reliability of memories during life time . This paper presents a systematic algorithm used for transforming a bit-oriented march test into a transparent word-oriented march test . The transformed transparent march test has shorter test complexity compared with that proposed in the previous works [ Theory of transparent BIST for RAMs , A transparent online memory test for simultaneous detection of functional faults and soft errors in memories ] . For example , if a memory with 32-bit words is tested with March C- , time complexity of the transparent word-oriented test transformed by the proposed scheme is only about 56 % or 19 % time complexity of the transparent word-oriented test converted by the scheme reported in [ Theory of transparent BIST for RAMs ] or [ A transparent online memory test for simultaneous detection of functional faults and soft errors in memories ] , respectively .
0710.4748	cs.AR	Systematic Transaction Level Modeling of Embedded Systems with SystemC	This paper gives an overview of a transaction level modeling ( TLM ) design flow for straightforward embedded system design with SystemC . The goal is to systematically develop both application-specific HW and SW components of an embedded system using the TLM approach , thus allowing for fast communication architecture exploration , rapid prototyping and early embedded SW development . To this end , we specify the lightweight transaction-based communication protocol SHIP and present a methodology for automatic mapping of the communication part of a system to a given architecture , including HW/SW interfaces .
0710.4750	cs.IT math.IT	On the Analysis of Reed Solomon Coding for Resilience to Transient/Permanent Faults in Highly Reliable Memories	Single Event Upsets ( SEU ) as well as permanent faults can significantly affect the correct on-line operation of digital systems , such as memories and microprocessors ; a memory can be made resilient to permanent and transient faults by using modular redundancy and coding . In this paper , different memory systems are compared : these systems utilize simplex and duplex arrangements with a combination of Reed Solomon coding and scrubbing . The memory systems and their operations are analyzed by novel Markov chains to characterize performance for dynamic reconfiguration as well as error detection and correction under the occurrence of permanent and transient faults . For a specific Reed Solomon code , the duplex arrangement allows to efficiently cope with the occurrence of permanent faults , while the use of scrubbing allows to cope with transient faults .
0710.4751	cs.AR	Influence of Memory Hierarchies on Predictability for Time Constrained Embedded Software	Safety-critical embedded systems having to meet real-time constraints are expected to be highly predictable in order to guarantee at design time that certain timing deadlines will always be met . This requirement usually prevents designers from utilizing caches due to their highly dynamic , thus hardly predictable behavior . The integration of scratchpad memories represents an alternative approach which allows the system to benefit from a performance gain comparable to that of caches while at the same time maintaining predictability . In this work , we compare the impact of scratchpad memories and caches on worst case execution time ( WCET ) analysis results . We show that caches , despite requiring complex techniques , can have a negative impact on the predicted WCET , while the estimated WCET for scratchpad memories scales with the achieved Performance gain at no extra analysis cost .
0710.4752	cs.OH	An Iterative Algorithm for Battery-Aware Task Scheduling on Portable Computing Platforms	In this work we consider battery powered portable systems which either have Field Programmable Gate Arrays ( FPGA ) or voltage and frequency scalable processors as their main processing element . An application is modeled in the form of a precedence task graph at a coarse level of granularity . We assume that for each task in the task graph several unique design-points are available which correspond to different hardware implementations for FPGAs and different voltage-frequency combinations for processors . It is assumed that performance and total power consumption estimates for each design-point are available for any given portable platfrom , including the peripheral components such as memory and display power usage . We present an iterative heuristic algorithm which finds a sequence of tasks along with an appropriate design-point for each task , such that a deadline is met and the amount of battery energy used is as small as possible . A detailed illustrative example along with a case study of a real-world application of a robotic arm controller which demonstrates the usefulness of our algorithm is also presented .
0710.4753	cs.LO	Verifying Safety-Critical Timing and Memory-Usage Properties of Embedded Software by Abstract Interpretation	Static program analysis by abstract interpretation is an efficient method to determine properties of embedded software . One example is value analysis , which determines the values stored in the processor registers . Its results are used as input to more advanced analyses , which ultimately yield information about the stack usage and the timing behavior of embedded software .
0710.4754	cs.AR	Design of a Virtual Component Neutral Network-on-Chip Transaction Layer	Research studies have demonstrated the feasibility and advantages of Network-on-Chip ( NoC ) over traditional bus-based architectures but have not focused on compatibility communication standards . This paper describes a number of issues faced when designing a VC-neutral NoC , i.e . compatible with standards such as AHB 2.0 , AXI , VCI , OCP , and various other proprietary protocols , and how a layered approach to communication helps solve these issues .
0710.4755	cs.SE	Model Reuse through Hardware Design Patterns	Increasing reuse opportunities is a well-known problem for software designers as well as for hardware designers . Nonetheless , current software and hardware engineering practices have embraced different approaches to this problem . Software designs are usually modelled after a set of proven solutions to recurrent problems called design patterns . This approach differs from the component-based reuse usually found in hardware designs : design patterns do not specify unnecessary implementation details . Several authors have already proposed translating structural design patterns concepts to hardware design . In this paper we extend the discussion to behavioural design patterns . Specifically , we describe how the hardware version of the Iterator can be used to enhance model reuse .
0710.4756	cs.CR	Design Method for Constant Power Consumption of Differential Logic Circuits	Side channel attacks are a major security concern for smart cards and other embedded devices . They analyze the variations on the power consumption to find the secret key of the encryption algorithm implemented within the security IC . To address this issue , logic gates that have a constant power dissipation independent of the input signals , are used in security ICs . This paper presents a design methodology to create fully connected differential pull down networks . Fully connected differential pull down networks are transistor networks that for any complementary input combination connect all the internal nodes of the network to one of the external nodes of the network . They are memoryless and for that reason have a constant load capacitance and power consumption . This type of networks is used in specialized logic gates to guarantee a constant contribution of the internal nodes into the total power consumption of the logic gate .
0710.4757	cs.AR	Techniques for Fast Transient Fault Grading Based on Autonomous Emulation	Very deep submicron and nanometer technologies have increased notably integrated circuit ( IC ) sensitiveness to radiation . Soft errors are currently appearing into ICs working at earth surface . Hardened circuits are currently required in many applications where Fault Tolerance ( FT ) was not a requirement in the very near past . The use of platform FPGAs for the emulation of single-event upset effects ( SEU ) is gaining attention in order to speed up the FT evaluation . In this work , a new emulation system for FT evaluation with respect to SEU effects is proposed , providing shorter evaluation times by performing all the evaluation process in the FPGA and avoiding emulator-host communication bottlenecks .
0710.4758	cs.OH	Exploiting Dynamic Workload Variation in Low Energy Preemptive Task Scheduling	A novel energy reduction strategy to maximally exploit the dynamic workload variation is proposed for the offline voltage scheduling of preemptive systems . The idea is to construct a fully-preemptive schedule that leads to minimum energy consumption when the tasks take on approximately the average execution cycles yet still guarantees no deadline violation during the worst-case scenario . End-time for each sub-instance of the tasks obtained from the schedule is used for the on-line dynamic voltage scaling ( DVS ) of the tasks . For the tasks that normally require a small number of cycles but occasionally a large number of cycles to complete , such a schedule provides more opportunities for slack utilization and hence results in larger energy saving . The concept is realized by formulating the problem as a Non-Linear Programming ( NLP ) optimization problem . Experimental results show that , by using the proposed scheme , the total energy consumption at runtime is reduced by as high as 60 % for randomly generated task sets when comparing with the static scheduling approach only using worst case workload .
0710.4759	cs.AR	A Fast Concurrent Power-Thermal Model for Sub-100nm Digital ICs	As technology scales down , the static power is expected to become a significant fraction of the total power . The exponential dependence of static power with the operating temperature makes the thermal profile estimation of high-performance ICs a key issue to compute the total power dissipated in next-generations . In this paper we present accurate and compact analytical models to estimate the static power dissipation and the temperature of operation of CMOS gates . The models are the fundamentals of a performance estimation tool in which numerical procedures are avoided for any computation to set a faster estimation and optimization . The models developed are compared to measurements and SPICE simulations for a 0.12mm technology showing excellent results .
0710.4760	cs.AR	Low Power Oriented CMOS Circuit Optimization Protocol	Low power oriented circuit optimization consists in selecting the best alternative between gate sizing , buffer insertion and logic structure transformation , for satisfying a delay constraint at minimum area cost . In this paper we used a closed form model of delay in CMOS structures to define metrics for a deterministic selection of the optimization alternative . The target is delay constraint satisfaction with minimum area cost . We validate the design space exploration method , defining maximum and minimum delay bounds on logical paths . Then we adapt this method to a `` constant sensitivity method '' allowing to size a circuit at minimum area under a delay constraint . An optimisation protocol is finally defined to manage the trade-off performance constraint - circuit structure . These methods are implemented in an optimization tool ( POPS ) and validated by comparing on a 0.25 $ \mu $ m process , the optimization efficiency obtained on various benchmarks ( ISCAS ? 85 ) to that resulting from an industrial tool .
0710.4761	cs.AR	Low-Cost Multi-Gigahertz Test Systems Using CMOS FPGAs and PECL	This paper describes two research projects that develop new low-cost techniques for testing devices with multiple high-speed ( 2 to 5 Gbps ) signals . Each project uses commercially available components to keep costs low , yet achieves performance characteristics comparable to ( and in some ways exceeding ) more expensive ATE . A common CMOS FPGA-based logic core provides flexibility , adaptability , and communication with controlling computers while customized positive emitter-coupled logic ( PECL ) achieves multi-gigahertz data rates with about $ \pm $ 25ps timing accuracy .
0710.4762	cs.AR	Area-Efficient Selective Multi-Threshold CMOS Design Methodology for Standby Leakage Power Reduction	This paper presents a design flow for an improved selective multi-threshold ( Selective-MT ) circuit . The Selective-MT circuit is improved so that plural MT-cells can share one switch transistor . We propose the design methodology from RTL ( Register Transfer Level ) to final layout with optimizing switch transistor structure .
0710.4763	cs.AR	Logic Design for On-Chip Test Clock Generation - Implementation Details and Impact on Delay Test Quality	This paper addresses delay test for SOC devices with high frequency clock domains . A logic design for on-chip high-speed clock generation , implemented to avoid expensive test equipment , is described in detail . Techniques for on-chip clock generation , meant to reduce test vector count and to increase test quality , are discussed . ATPG results for the proposed techniques are given .
0710.4764	cs.AR	Hotspot Prevention Through Runtime Reconfiguration in Network-On-Chip	Many existing thermal management techniques focus on reducing the overall power consumption of the chip , and do not address location-specific temperature problems referred to as hotspots . We propose the use of dynamic runtime reconfiguration to shift the hotspot-inducing computation periodically and make the thermal profile more uniform . Our analysis shows that dynamic reconfiguration is an effective technique in reducing hotspots for NoCs .
0710.4780	cs.PL cs.DB	Querying XML Documents in Logic Programming	Extensible Markup Language ( XML ) is a simple , very flexible text format derived from SGML . Originally designed to meet the challenges of large-scale electronic publishing , XML is also playing an increasingly important role in the exchange of a wide variety of data on the Web and elsewhere . XPath language is the result of an effort to provide address parts of an XML document . In support of this primary purpose , it becomes in a query language against an XML document . In this paper we present a proposal for the implementation of the XPath language in logic programming . With this aim we will describe the representation of XML documents by means of a logic program . Rules and facts can be used for representing the document schema and the XML document itself . In particular , we will present how to index XML documents in logic programs : rules are supposed to be stored in main memory , however facts are stored in secondary memory by using two kind of indexes : one for each XML tag , and other for each group of terminal items . In addition , we will study how to query by means of the XPath language against a logic program representing an XML document . It evolves the specialization of the logic program with regard to the XPath expression . Finally , we will also explain how to combine the indexing and the top-down evaluation of the logic program . To appear in Theory and Practice of Logic Programming ( TPLP ) ''
0710.4793	cs.SE	Unified Modeling of Complex Real-Time Control Systems	Complex real-time control system is a software dense and algorithms dense system , which needs modern software engineering techniques to design . UML is an object-oriented industrial standard modeling language , used more and more in real-time domain . This paper first analyses the advantages and problems of using UML for real-time control systems design . Then , it proposes an extension of UML-RT to support time-continuous subsystems modeling . So we can unify modeling of complex real-time control systems on UML-RT platform , from requirement analysis , model design , simulation , until generation code .
0710.4794	cs.AR	Power-Performance Trade-Offs in Nanometer-Scale Multi-Level Caches Considering Total Leakage	In this paper , we investigate the impact of T_ { ox } and Vth on power performance trade-offs for on-chip caches . We start by examining the optimization of the various components of a single level cache and then extend this to two level cache systems . In addition to leakage , our studies also account for the dynamic power expanded as a result of cache misses . Our results show that one can often reduce overall power by increasing the size of the L2 cache if we only allow one pair of Vth/T_ { ox } in L2 . However , if we allow the memory cells and the peripherals to have their own Vth 's and T_ { ox } 's , we show that a two-level cache system with smaller L2 's will yield less total leakage . We further show that two Vth 's and two T_ { ox } 's are sufficient to get close to an optimal solution , and that Vth is generally a better design knob than T_ { ox } for leakage optimization , thus it is better to restrict the number of T_ { ox } 's rather than Vth 's if cost is a concern .
0710.4795	cs.AR	Test Time Reduction Reusing Multiple Processors in a Network-on-Chip Based Architecture	The increasing complexity and the short life cycles of embedded systems are pushing the current system-on-chip designs towards a rapid increasing on the number of programmable processing units , while decreasing the gate count for custom logic . Considering this trend , this work proposes a test planning method capable of reusing available processors as test sources and sinks , and the on-chip network as the test access mechanism . Experimental results are based on ITC'02 benchmarks and on two open core processors compliant with MIPS and SPARC instruction set . The results show that the cooperative use of both the on-chip network and the embedded processors can increase the test parallelism and reduce the test time without additional cost in area and pins .
0710.4796	cs.AR	A Hybrid Prefetch Scheduling Heuristic to Minimize at Run-Time the Reconfiguration Overhead of Dynamically Reconfigurable Hardware	Due to the emergence of highly dynamic multimedia applications there is a need for flexible platforms and run-time scheduling support for embedded systems . Dynamic Reconfigurable Hardware ( DRHW ) is a promising candidate to provide this flexibility but , currently , not sufficient run-time scheduling support to deal with the run-time reconfigurations exists . Moreover , executing at run-time a complex scheduling heuristic to provide this support may generate an excessive run-time penalty . Hence , we have developed a hybrid design/run-time prefetch heuristic that schedules the reconfigurations at run-time , but carries out the scheduling computations at design-time by carefully identifying a set of near-optimal schedules that can be selected at run-time . This approach provides run-time flexibility with a negligible penalty .
0710.4797	cs.OH	Rapid Generation of Thermal-Safe Test Schedules	Overheating has been acknowledged as a major issue in testing complex SOCs . Several power constrained system-level DFT solutions ( power constrained test scheduling ) have recently been proposed to tackle this problem . However , as it will be shown in this paper , imposing a chip-level maximum power constraint does n't necessarily avoid local overheating due to the non-uniform distribution of power across the chip . This paper proposes a new approach for dealing with overheating during test , by embedding thermal awareness into test scheduling . The proposed approach facilitates rapid generation of thermal-safer test schedules without requiring time-consuming thermal simulations . This is achieved by employing a low-complexity test session thermal model used to guide the test schedule generation algorithm . This approach reduces the chances of a design re-spin due to potential overheating during test .
0710.4798	cs.OH	System Synthesis for Networks of Programmable Blocks	The advent of sensor networks presents untapped opportunities for synthesis . We examine the problem of synthesis of behavioral specifications into networks of programmable sensor blocks . The particular behavioral specification we consider is an intuitive user-created network diagram of sensor blocks , each block having a pre-defined combinational or sequential behavior . We synthesize this specification to a new network that utilizes a minimum number of programmable blocks in place of the pre-defined blocks , thus reducing network size and hence network cost and power . We focus on the main task of this synthesis problem , namely partitioning pre-defined blocks onto a minimum number of programmable blocks , introducing the efficient but effective PareDown decomposition algorithm for the task . We describe the synthesis and simulation tools we developed . We provide results showing excellent network size reductions through such synthesis , and significant speedups of our algorithm over exhaustive search while obtaining near-optimal results for 15 real network designs as well as nearly 10,000 randomly generated designs .
0710.4799	cs.OH	Access Pattern-Based Code Compression for Memory-Constrained Embedded Systems	As compared to a large spectrum of performance optimizations , relatively little effort has been dedicated to optimize other aspects of embedded applications such as memory space requirements , power , real-time predictability , and reliability . In particular , many modern embedded systems operate under tight memory space constraints . One way of satisfying these constraints is to compress executable code and data as much as possible . While research on code compression have studied efficient hardware and software based code strategies , many of these techniques do not take application behavior into account , that is , the same compression/decompression strategy is used irrespective of the application being optimized . This paper presents a code compression strategy based on control flow graph ( CFG ) representation of the embedded program . The idea is to start with a memory image wherein all basic blocks are compressed , and decompress only the blocks that are predicted to be needed in the near future . When the current access to a basic block is over , our approach also decides the point at which the block could be compressed . We propose several compression and decompression strategies that try to reduce memory requirements without excessively increasing the original instruction cycle counts .
0710.4800	cs.CR	An Improved FPGA Implementation of the Modified Hybrid Hiding Encryption Algorithm ( MHHEA ) for Data Communication Security	The hybrid hiding encryption algorithm , as its name implies , embraces concepts from both steganography and cryptography . In this exertion , an improved micro-architecture Field Programmable Gate Array ( FPGA ) implementation of this algorithm is presented . This design overcomes the observed limitations of a previously-designed micro-architecture . These observed limitations are : no exploitation of the possibility of parallel bit replacement , and the fact that the input plaintext was encrypted serially , which caused a dependency between the throughput and the nature of the used secret key . This dependency can be viewed by some as vulnerability in the security of the implemented micro-architecture . The proposed modified micro-architecture is constructed using five basic modules . These modules are ; the message cache , the message alignment module , the key cache , the comparator , and at last the encryption module . In this work , we provide comprehensive simulation and implementation results . These are : the timing diagrams , the post-implementation timing and routing reports , and finally the floor plan . Moreover , a detailed comparison with other FPGA implementations is made available and discussed .
0710.4801	cs.AR	Behavioural Transformation to Improve Circuit Performance in High-Level Synthesis	Early scheduling algorithms usually adjusted the clock cycle duration to the execution time of the slowest operation . This resulted in large slack times wasted in those cycles executing faster operations . To reduce the wasted times multi-cycle and chaining techniques have been employed . While these techniques have produced successful designs , its effectiveness is often limited due to the area increment that may derive from chaining , and the extra latencies that may derive from multicycling . In this paper we present an optimization method that solves the time-constrained scheduling problem by transforming behavioural specifications into new ones whose subsequent synthesis substantially improves circuit performance . Our proposal breaks up some of the specification operations , allowing their execution during several possibly unconsecutive cycles , and also the calculation of several data-dependent operation fragments in the same cycle . To do so , it takes into account the circuit latency and the execution time of every specification operation . The experimental results carried out show that circuits obtained from the optimized specification are on average 60 % faster than those synthesized from the original specification , with only slight increments in the circuit area .
0710.4802	cs.OH	Mutation Sampling Technique for the Generation of Structural Test Data	Our goal is to produce validation data that can be used as an efficient ( pre ) test set for structural stuck-at faults . In this paper , we detail an original test-oriented mutation sampling technique used for generating such data and we present a first evaluation on these validation data with regard to a structural test .
0710.4803	cs.CR	Hardware Engines for Bus Encryption : A Survey of Existing Techniques	The widening spectrum of applications and services provided by portable and embedded devices bring a new dimension of concerns in security . Most of those embedded systems ( pay-TV , PDAs , mobile phones , etc ... ) make use of external memory . As a result , the main problem is that data and instructions are constantly exchanged between memory ( RAM ) and CPU in clear form on the bus . This memory may contain confidential data like commercial software or private contents , which either the end-user or the content provider is willing to protect . The goal of this paper is to clearly describe the problem of processor-memory bus communications in this regard and the existing techniques applied to secure the communication channel through encryption - Performance overheads implied by those solutions will be extensively discussed in this paper .
0710.4805	cs.AR	Modeling of a Reconfigurable OFDM IP Block Family For an RF System Simulator	The idea of design domain specific Mother Model of IP block family as a base of modeling of system integration is presented here . A common reconfigurable Mother Model for ten different standardized digital OFDM transmitters has been developed . By means of a set of parameters , the mother model can be reconfigured to any of the ten selected standards . So far the applicability of the proposed reconfiguration and analog-digital co-modeling methods have been proved by modeling the function of the digital parts of three , 802.11a , ADSL and DRM , transmitters in an RF system simulator . The model is intended to be used as signal source template in RF system simulations . The concept is not restricted to signal sources , it can be applied to any IP block development . The idea of the Mother Model will be applied in other design domains to prove that in certain application areas , OFDM transceivers in this case , the design process can progress simultaneously in different design domains - mixed signal , system and RTL-architectural - without the need of high-level synthesis . Only the Mother Models of three design domains are needed to be formally proved to function as specified .
0710.4806	cs.AR	A VLSI Design Flow for Secure Side-Channel Attack Resistant ICs	This paper presents a digital VLSI design flow to create secure , side-channel attack ( SCA ) resistant integrated circuits . The design flow starts from a normal design in a hardware description language such as VHDL or Verilog and provides a direct path to a SCA resistant layout . Instead of a full custom layout or an iterative design process with extensive simulations , a few key modifications are incorporated in a regular synchronous CMOS standard cell design flow . We discuss the basis for side-channel attack resistance and adjust the library databases and constraints files of the synthesis and place & route procedures accordingly . Experimental results show that a DPA attack on a regular single ended CMOS standard cell implementation of a module of the DES algorithm discloses the secret key after 200 measurements . The same attack on a secure version still does not disclose the secret key after more than 2000 measurements .
0710.4807	cs.PL	A Constraint Network Based Approach to Memory Layout Optimization	While loop restructuring based code optimization for array intensive applications has been successful in the past , it has several problems such as the requirement of checking dependences ( legality issues ) and transformation of all of the array references within the loop body indiscriminately ( while some of the references can benefit from the transformation , others may not ) . As a result , data transformations , i.e. , transformations that modify memory layout of array data instead of loop structure have been proposed . One of the problems associated with data transformations is the difficulty of selecting a memory layout for an array that is acceptable to the entire program ( not just to a single loop ) . In this paper , we formulate the problem of determining the memory layouts of arrays as a constraint network , and explore several methods of solution in a systematic way . Our experiments provide strong support in favor of employing constraint processing , and point out future research directions .
0710.4808	cs.AR	Fast and Accurate Transaction Level Modeling of an Extended AMBA2.0 Bus Architecture	Transaction Level Modeling ( TLM ) approach is used to meet the simulation speed as well as cycle accuracy for large scale SoC performance analysis . We implemented a transaction-level model of a proprietary bus called AHB+ which supports an extended AMBA2.0 protocol . The AHB+ transaction-level model shows 353 times faster than pin-accurate RTL model while maintaining 97 % of accuracy on average . We also present the development procedure of TLM of a bus architecture .
0710.4809	cs.AR	C Based Hardware Design for Wireless Applications	The algorithms used in wireless applications are increasingly more sophisticated and consequently more challenging to implement in hardware . Traditional design flows require developing the micro architecture , coding the RTL , and verifying the generated RTL against the original functional C or MATLAB specification . This paper describes a C-based design flow that is well suited for the hardware implementation of DSP algorithms commonly found in wireless applications . The C design flow relies on guided synthesis to generate the RTL directly from the untimed C algorithm . The specifics of the C-based design flow are described using a simple DSP filtering algorithm consisting of a forward adaptive equalizer , a 64-QAM slicer and an adaptive decision feedback equalizer . The example illustrates some of the capabilities and advantages offered by this flow .
0710.4810	cs.CR	Area Efficient Hardware Implementation of Elliptic Curve Cryptography by Iteratively Applying Karatsuba 's Method	Securing communication channels is especially needed in wireless environments . But applying cipher mechanisms in software is limited by the calculation and energy resources of the mobile devices . If hardware is applied to realize cryptographic operations cost becomes an issue . In this paper we describe an approach which tackles all these three points . We implemented a hardware accelerator for polynomial multiplication in extended Galois fields ( GF ) applying Karatsuba 's method iteratively . With this approach the area consumption is reduced to 2.1 mm^2 in comparison to . 6.2 mm^2 for the standard application of Karatsuba 's method i.e . for recursive application . Our approach also reduces the energy consumption to 60 per cent of the original approach . The price we have to pay for these achievement is the increased execution time . In our implementation a polynomial multiplication takes 3 clock cycles whereas the recurisve Karatsuba approach needs only one clock cycle . But considering area , energy and calculation speed we are convinced that the benefits of our approach outweigh its drawback .
0710.4811	cs.OH	System Level Analysis of the Bluetooth Standard	The SystemC modules of the Link Manager Layer and Baseband Layer have been designed in this work at behavioral level to analyze the performances of the Bluetooth standard . In particular the probability of the creation of a piconet in presence of noise in the channel and the power reduction using the sniff and hold mode have been investigated .
0710.4812	cs.AR	Area and Throughput Trade-Offs in the Design of Pipelined Discrete Wavelet Transform Architectures	The JPEG2000 standard defines the discrete wavelet transform ( DWT ) as a linear space-to-frequency transform of the image domain in an irreversible compression . This irreversible discrete wavelet transform is implemented by FIR filter using 9/7 Daubechies coefficients or a lifting scheme of factorizated coefficients from 9/7 Daubechies coefficients . This work investigates the tradeoffs between area , power and data throughput ( or operating frequency ) of several implementations of the Discrete Wavelet Transform using the lifting scheme in various pipeline designs . This paper shows the results of five different architectures synthesized and simulated in FPGAs . It concludes that the descriptions with pipelined operators provide the best area-power-operating frequency trade-off over non-pipelined operators descriptions . Those descriptions require around 40 % more hardware to increase the maximum operating frequency up to 100 % and reduce power consumption to less than 50 % . Starting from behavioral HDL descriptions provide the best area-power-operating frequency trade-off , improving hardware cost and maximum operating frequency around 30 % in comparison to structural descriptions for the same power requirement .
0710.4813	cs.AR	Queue Management in Network Processors	One of the main bottlenecks when designing a network processing system is very often its memory subsystem . This is mainly due to the state-of-the-art network links operating at very high speeds and to the fact that in order to support advanced Quality of Service ( QoS ) , a large number of independent queues is desirable . In this paper we analyze the performance bottlenecks of various data memory managers integrated in typical Network Processing Units ( NPUs ) . We expose the performance limitations of software implementations utilizing the RISC processing cores typically found in most NPU architectures and we identify the requirements for hardware assisted memory management in order to achieve wire-speed operation at gigabit per second rates . Furthermore , we describe the architecture and performance of a hardware memory manager that fulfills those requirements . This memory manager , although it is implemented in a reconfigurable technology , it can provide up to 6.2Gbps of aggregate throughput , while handling 32K independent queues .
0710.4814	cs.AR	picoArray Technology : The Tool 's Story	This paper briefly describes the picoArray ? architecture , and in particular the deterministic internal communication fabric . The methods that have been developed for debugging and verifying systems using devices from the picoArray family are explained . In order to maximize the computational ability of these devices , hardware debugging support has been kept to a minimum and the methods and tools developed to take this into account .
0710.4815	cs.NI	Direct Conversion Pulsed UWB Transceiver Architecture	Ultra-wideband ( UWB ) communication is an emerging wireless technology that promises high data rates over short distances and precise locationing . The large available bandwidth and the constraint of a maximum power spectral density drives a unique set of system challenges . This paper addresses these challenges using two UWB transceivers and a discrete prototype platform .
0710.4816	cs.NI	Power Saving Techniques for Wireless LANs	Fast wireless access has rapidly become commonplace . Wireless access points and Hotspot servers are sprouting everywhere . Battery lifetime continues to be a critical issue in mobile computing . This paper first gives an overview of WLAN energy saving strategies , followed by an illustration of a system-level methodology for saving power in heterogeneous wireless environments .
0710.4817	cs.CR	Performance Considerations for an Embedded Implementation of OMA DRM 2	As digital content services gain importance in the mobile world , Digital Rights Management ( DRM ) applications will become a key component of mobile terminals . This paper examines the effect dedicated hardware macros for specific cryptographic functions have on the performance of a mobile terminal that supports version 2 of the open standard for Digital Rights Management defined by the Open Mobile Alliance ( OMA ) . Following a general description of the standard , the paper contains a detailed analysis of the cryptographic operations that have to be carried out before protected content can be accessed . The combination of this analysis with data on execution times for specific algorithms realized in hardware and software has made it possible to build a model which has allowed us to assert that hardware acceleration for specific cryptographic algorithms can significantly reduce the impact DRM has on a mobile terminal 's processing performance and battery life .
0710.4818	cs.NI	Wireless LAN : Past , Present , and Future	This paper retraces the historical development of wireless LAN technology in the context of the pursuit of ever higher data rate , describes the significant technical breakthroughs that are now occurring , and speculates on future directions that the technology may take over the remainder of the decade . The challenges that these developments have created for low power operation are considered , as well as some of the opportunities that are presented to mitigate them . The importance of MIMO as an emerging technology for 802.11 is specifically highlighted , both in terms of the significant increase in data rate and range that it enables as well as the considerable challenge that it presents for the development of low power wireless LAN products .
0710.4819	cs.MM	A High Quality/Low Computational Cost Technique for Block Matching Motion Estimation	Motion estimation is the most critical process in video coding systems . First of all , it has a definitive impact on the rate-distortion performance given by the video encoder . Secondly , it is the most computationally intensive process within the encoding loop . For these reasons , the design of high-performance low-cost motion estimators is a crucial task in the video compression field . An adaptive cost block matching ( ACBM ) motion estimation technique is presented in this paper , featuring an excellent tradeoff between the quality of the reconstructed video sequences and the computational effort . Simulation results demonstrate that the ACBM algorithm achieves a slight better rate-distortion performance than the one given by the well-known full search algorithm block matching algorithm with reductions of up to 95 % in the computational load .
0710.4820	cs.AR	ISEGEN : Generation of High-Quality Instruction Set Extensions by Iterative Improvement	Customization of processor architectures through Instruction Set Extensions ( ISEs ) is an effective way to meet the growing performance demands of embedded applications . A high-quality ISE generation approach needs to obtain results close to those achieved by experienced designers , particularly for complex applications that exhibit regularity : expert designers are able to exploit manually such regularity in the data flow graphs to generate high-quality ISEs . In this paper , we present ISEGEN , an approach that identifies high-quality ISEs by iterative improvement following the basic principles of the well-known Kernighan-Lin ( K-L ) min-cut heuristic . Experimental results on a number of MediaBench , EEMBC and cryptographic applications show that our approach matches the quality of the optimal solution obtained by exhaustive search . We also show that our ISEGEN technique is on average 20x faster than a genetic formulation that generates equivalent solutions . Furthermore , the ISEs identified by our technique exhibit 35 % more speedup than the genetic solution on a large cryptographic application ( AES ) by effectively exploiting its regular structure .
0710.4821	cs.MM	Multimedia Applications of Multiprocessor Systems-on-Chips	This paper surveys the characteristics of multimedia systems . Multimedia applications today are dominated by compression and decompression , but multimedia devices must also implement many other functions such as security and file management . We introduce some basic concepts of multimedia algorithms and the larger set of functions that multimedia systems-on-chips must implement .
0710.4823	cs.MM	A Coprocessor for Accelerating Visual Information Processing	Visual information processing will play an increasingly important role in future electronics systems . In many applications , e.g . video surveillance cameras , data throughput of microprocessors is not sufficient and power consumption is too high . Instruction profiling on a typical test algorithm has shown that pixel address calculations are the dominant operations to be optimized . Therefore AddressLib , a structured scheme for pixel addressing was developed , that can be accelerated by AddressEngine , a coprocessor for visual information processing . In this paper , the architectural design of AddressEngine is described , which in the first step supports a subset of the AddressLib . Dataflow and memory organization are optimized during architectural design . AddressEngine was implemented in a FPGA and was tested with MPEG-7 Global Motion Estimation algorithm . Results on processing speed and circuit complexity are given and compared to a pure software implementation . The next step will be the support for the full AddressLib , including segment addressing . An outlook on further investigations on dynamic reconfiguration capabilities is given .
0710.4824	cs.AR	FPGA based Agile Algorithm-On-Demand Co-Processor	With growing computational needs of many real-world applications , frequently changing specifications of standards , and the high design and NRE costs of ASICs , an algorithm-agile FPGA based co-processor has become a viable alternative . In this article , we report about the general design of an algorith-agile co-processor and the proof-of-concept implementation .
0710.4825	cs.AR	Meeting the Embedded Design Needs of Automotive Applications	The importance of embedded systems in driving innovation in automotive applications continues to grow . Understanding the specific needs of developers targeting this market is also helping to drive innovation in RISC core design . This paper describes how a RISC instruction set architecture has evolved to better meet those needs , and the key implementation features in two very different RISC cores are used to demonstrate the challenges of designing for real-time automotive systems .
0710.4826	cs.AR	The Integration of On-Line Monitoring and Reconfiguration Functions using EDAA - European design and Automation Association1149.4 Into a Safety Critical Automotive Electronic Control Unit	This paper presents an innovative application of EDAA - European design and Automation Association 1149.4 and the Integrated Diagnostic Reconfiguration ( IDR ) as tools for the implementation of an embedded test solution for an Automotive Electronic Control Unit implemented as a fully integrated mixed signal system . The paper described how the test architecture can be used for fault avoidance with results from a hardware prototype presented . The paper concludes that fault avoidance can be integrated into mixed signal electronic systems to handle key failure modes .
0710.4827	cs.AR	Debug Support , Calibration and Emulation for Multiple Processor and Powertrain Control SoCs	The introduction of complex SoCs with multiple processor cores presents new development challenges , such that development support is now a decisive factor when choosing a System-on-Chip ( SoC ) . The presented developments support strategy addresses the challenges using both architecture and technology approaches . The Multi-Core Debug Support ( MCDS ) architecture provides flexible triggering using cross triggers and a multiple core break and suspend switch . Temporal trace ordering is guaranteed down to cycle level by on-chip time stamping . The Package Sized-ICE ( PSI ) approach is a novel method of including trace buffers , overlay memories , processing resources and communication interfaces without changing device behavior . PSI requires no external emulation box , as the debug host interfaces directly with the SoC using a standard interface .
0710.4828	cs.CR	Bounds for Visual Cryptography Schemes	In this paper , we investigate the best pixel expansion of the various models of visual cryptography schemes . In this regard , we consider visual cryptography schemes introduced by Tzeng and Hu [ 13 ] . In such a model , only minimal qualified sets can recover the secret image and that the recovered secret image can be darker or lighter than the background . Blundo et al . [ 4 ] introduced a lower bound for the best pixel expansion of this scheme in terms of minimal qualified sets . We present another lower bound for the best pixel expansion of the scheme . As a corollary , we introduce a lower bound , based on an induced matching of hypergraph of qualified sets , for the best pixel expansion of the aforementioned model and the traditional model of visual cryptography realized by basis matrices . Finally , we study access structures based on graphs and we present an upper bound for the smallest pixel expansion in terms of strong chromatic index .
0710.4829	cs.SE	AutoMoDe - Model-Based Development of Automotive Software	This paper describes first results from the AutoMoDe ( Automotive Model-Based Development ) project . The overall goal of the project is to develop an integrated methodology for model-based development of automotive control software , based on problem-specific design notations with an explicit formal foundation . Based on the existing AutoFOCUS framework , a tool prototype is being developed in order to illustrate and validate the key elements of our approach .
0710.4831	cs.OH	LC Oscillator Driver for Safety Critical Applications	A CMOS harmonic signal LC oscillator driver for automotive applications working in a harsh environment with high safety critical requirements is described . The driver can be used with a wide range of external components parameters ( LC resonance network of a sensor ) . Quality factor of the external LC network can vary two decades . Amplitude regulation of the driver is digitally controlled and the DAC is constructed as exponential with piece-wise-linear ( PWL ) approximation . Low current consumption for high quality resonance networks is achieved . Realized oscillator is robust , used in safety critical application and has low EMC emissions .
0710.4832	cs.AR	SystemC Analysis of a New Dynamic Power Management Architecture	This paper presents a new dynamic power management architecture of a System on Chip . The Power State Machine describing the status of the core follows the recommendations of the ACPI standard . The algorithm controls the power states of each block on the basis of battery status , chip temperature and a user defined task priority .
0710.4833	cs.AR	Exploiting Real-Time FPGA Based Adaptive Systems Technology for Real-Time Sensor Fusion in Next Generation Automotive Safety Systems	We present a system for the boresighting of sensors using inertial measurement devices as the basis for developing a range of dynamic real-time sensor fusion applications . The proof of concept utilizes a COTS FPGA platform for sensor fusion and real-time correction of a misaligned video sensor . We exploit a custom-designed 32-bit soft processor core and C-based design & synthesis for rapid , platform-neutral development . Kalman filter and sensor fusion techniques established in advanced aviation systems are applied to automotive vehicles with results exceeding typical industry requirements for sensor alignment . Results of the static and the dynamic tests demonstrate that using inexpensive accelerometers mounted on ( or during assembly of ) a sensor and an Inertial Measurement Unit ( IMU ) fixed to a vehicle can be used to compute the misalignment of the sensor to the IMU and thus vehicle . In some cases the model predications and test results exceeded the requirements by an order of magnitude with a 3-sigma or 99 % confidence .
0710.4834	cs.AR	Platform Based Design for Automotive Sensor Conditioning	In this paper a general architecture suitable to interface several kinds of sensors for automotive applications is presented . A platform based design approach is pursued to improve system performance while minimizing time-to-market.. The platform is composed by an analog front-end and a digital section . The latter is based on a microcontroller core ( 8051 IP by Oregano ) plus a set of dedicated hardware dedicated to the complex signal processing required for sensor conditioning . The microcontroller handles also the communication with external devices ( as a PC ) for data output and fast prototyping . A case study is presented concerning the conditioning of a Gyro yaw rate sensor for automotive applications . Measured performance results outperform current state-of-the-art commercial devices .
0710.4835	cs.OH	A CMOS-Based Tactile Sensor for Continuous Blood Pressure Monitoring	A monolithic integrated tactile sensor array is presented , which is used to perform non-invasive blood pressure monitoring of a patient . The advantage of this device compared to a hand cuff based approach is the capability of recording continuous blood pressure data . The capacitive , membrane-based sensor device is fabricated in an industrial CMOS-technology combined with post-CMOS micromachining . The capacitance change is detected by a S ? -modulator . The modulator is operated at a sampling rate of 128kS/s and achieves a resolution of 12bit with an external decimation filter and an OSR of 128 .
0710.4836	cs.OH	A Tool and Methodology for AC-Stability Analysis of Continuous-Time Closed-Loop Systems	Presented are a methodology and a DFII-based tool for AC-stability analysis of a wide variety of closed-loop continuous-time ( operational amplifiers and other linear circuits ) . The methodology used allows for easy identification and diagnostics of ac-stability problems including not only main-loop effects but also local-instability loops in current mirrors , bias circuits and emitter or source followers without breaking the loop . The results of the analysis are easy to interpret . Estimated phase margin is readily available . Instability nodes and loops along with their respective oscillation frequencies are immediately identified and mapped to the existing circuit nodes thus offering significant advantages compared to traditional `` black-box '' methods of stability analysis ( Transient Overshoot , Bode and Phase margin plots etc . ) . The tool for AC-Stability analysis is written in SKILL ? and is fully integrated in DFII ? environment . Its `` push-button '' graphical user interface ( GUI ) is easy to use and understand . The tool can be invoked directly from Composer ? schematic and does not require active Analog Artist ? session . The tool is not dependent on the use of a specific fabrication technology or Process Design Kit customization . It requires OCEAN ? , Spectre ? and Waveform calculator capabilities to run .
0710.4838	cs.AR	A 6bit , 1.2GSps Low-Power Flash-ADC in 0.13 $ \mu $ m Digital CMOS	A 6bit flash-ADC with 1.2GSps , wide analog bandwidth and low power , realized in a standard digital 0.13 $ \mu $ m CMOS copper technology is presented . Employing capacitive interpolation gives various advantages when designing for low power : no need for a reference resistor ladder , implicit sample-and-hold operation , no edge effects in the interpolation network ( as compared to resistive interpolation ) , and a very low input capacitance of only 400fF , which leads to an easily drivable analog converter interface . Operating at 1.2GSps the ADC achieves an effective resolution bandwidth ( ERBW ) of 700MHz , while consuming 160mW of power . At 600MSps we achieve an ERBW of 600MHz with only 90mW power consumption , both from a 1.5V supply . This corresponds to outstanding Figure-of-Merit numbers ( FoM ) of 2.2 and 1.5pJ/convstep , respectively . The module area is 0.12mm^2 .
0710.4839	cs.AR	A 97mW 110MS/s 12b Pipeline ADC Implemented in 0.18 $ \mu $ m Digital CMOS	A 12 bit Pipeline ADC fabricated in a 0.18 $ \mu $ m pure digital CMOS technology is presented . Its nominal conversion rate is 110MS/s and the nominal supply voltage is 1.8V . The effective number of bits is 10.4 when a 10MHz input signal with 2V_ { P-P } signal swing is applied . The occupied silicon area is 0.86mm^2 and the power consumption equals 97mW . A switched capacitor bias current circuit scale the bias current automatically with the conversion rate , which gives scaleable power consumption and full performance of the ADC from 20 to 140MS/s .
0710.4840	cs.AR	Testing Logic Cores using a BIST P1500 Compliant Approach : A Case of Study	In this paper we describe how we applied a BIST-based approach to the test of a logic core to be included in System-on-a-chip ( SoC ) environments . The approach advantages are the ability to protect the core IP , the simple test interface ( thanks also to the adoption of the P1500 standard ) , the possibility to run the test at-speed , the reduced test time , and the good diagnostic capabilities . The paper reports figures about the achieved fault coverage , the required area overhead , and the performance slowdown , and compares the figures with those for alternative approaches , such as those based on full scan and sequential ATPG .
0710.4842	cs.AR	Using Mobilize Power Management IP for Dynamic & Static Power Reduction in SoC at 130 nm	At 130 nm and 90 nm , power consumption ( both dynamic and static ) has become a barrier in the roadmap for SoC designs targeting battery powered , mobile applications . This paper presents the results of dynamic and static power reduction achieved implementing Tensilica 's 32-bit Xtensa microprocessor core , using Virtual Silicon 's Power Management IP . Independent voltage islands are created using Virtual Silicon 's VIP PowerSaver standard cells by using voltage level shifting cells and voltage isolation cells to implement power islands . The VIP PowerSaver standard cells are characterized at 1.2V , 1.0V and 0.8V , to accommodate voltage scaling . Power islands can also be turned off completely . Designers can significantly lower both the dynamic power and the quiescent or leakage power of their SoC designs , with very little impact on speed or area using Virtual Silicon 's VIP Gate Bias standard cells .
0710.4843	cs.AR	MultiNoC : A Multiprocessing System Enabled by a Network on Chip	The MultiNoC system implements a programmable on-chip multiprocessing platform built on top of an efficient , low area overhead intra-chip interconnection scheme . The employed interconnection structure is a Network on Chip , or NoC . NoCs are emerging as a viable alternative to increasing demands on interconnection architectures , due to the following characteristics : ( i ) energy efficiency and reliability ; ( ii ) scalability of bandwidth , when compared to traditional bus architectures ; ( iii ) reusability ; ( iv ) distributed routing decisions . An external host computer feeds MultiNoC with application instructions and data . After this initialization procedure , MultiNoC executes some algorithm . After finishing execution of the algorithm , output data can be read back by the host . Sequential or parallel algorithms conveniently adapted to the MultiNoC structure can be executed . The main motivation to propose this design is to enable the investigation of current trends to increase the number of embedded processors in SoCs , leading to the concept of `` sea of processors '' systems .
0710.4844	cs.AR	A Partitioning Methodology for Accelerating Applications in Hybrid Reconfigurable Platforms	In this paper , we propose a methodology for partitioning and mapping computational intensive applications in reconfigurable hardware blocks of different granularity . A generic hybrid reconfigurable architecture is considered so as the methodology can be applicable to a large number of heterogeneous reconfigurable platforms . The methodology mainly consists of two stages , the analysis and the mapping of the application onto fine and coarse-grain hardware resources . A prototype framework consisting of analysis , partitioning and mapping tools has been also developed . For the coarse-grain reconfigurable hardware , we use our previous-developed high-performance coarse-grain data-path . In this work , the methodology is validated using two real-world applications , an OFDM transmitter and a JPEG encoder . In the case of the OFDM transmitter , a maximum clock cycles decrease of 82 % relative to the ones in an all fine-grain mapping solution is achieved . The corresponding performance improvement for the JPEG is 43 % .
0710.4845	cs.AR	Evaluation of SystemC Modelling of Reconfigurable Embedded Systems	This paper evaluates the use of pin and cycle accurate SystemC models for embedded system design exploration and early software development . The target system is MicroBlaze VanillaNet Platform running MicroBlaze uClinux operating system . The paper compares Register Transfer Level ( RTL ) Hardware Description Language ( HDL ) simulation speed to the simulation speed of several different SystemC models . It is shown that simulation speed of pin and cycle accurate models can go up to 150 kHz , compared to 100 Hz range of HDL simulation . Furthermore , utilising techniques that temporarily compromise cycle accuracy , effective simulation speed of up to 500 kHz can be obtained .
0710.4846	cs.MM cs.LO	An Integrated Design and Verification Methodology for Reconfigurable Multimedia Systems	Recently a lot of multimedia applications are emerging on portable appliances . They require both the flexibility of upgradeable devices ( traditionally software based ) and a powerful computing engine ( typically hardware ) . In this context , programmable HW and dynamic reconfiguration allow novel approaches to the migration of algorithms from SW to HW . Thus , in the frame of the Symbad project , we propose an industrial design flow for reconfigurable SoC 's . The goal of Symbad consists of developing a system level design platform for hardware and software SoC systems including formal and semi-formal verification techniques .
0710.4848	cs.LO	A Formal Verification Methodology for Checking Data Integrity	Formal verification techniques have been playing an important role in pre-silicon validation processes . One of the most important points considered in performing formal verification is to define good verification scopes ; we should define clearly what to be verified formally upon designs under tests . We considered the following three practical requirements when we defined the scope of formal verification . They are ( a ) hard to verify ( b ) small to handle , and ( c ) easy to understand . Our novel approach is to break down generic properties for system into stereotype properties in block level and to define requirements for Verifiable RTL . Consequently , each designer instead of verification experts can describe properties of the design easily , and formal model checking can be applied systematically and thoroughly to all the leaf modules . During the development of a component chip for server platforms , we focused on RAS ( Reliability , Availability , and Serviceability ) features and described more than 2000 properties in PSL . As a result of the formal verification , we found several critical logic bugs in a short time with limited resources , and successfully verified all of them . This paper presents a study of the functional verification methodology .
0710.4850	cs.AR	Hardware Support for QoS-based Function Allocation in Reconfigurable Systems	This contribution presents a new approach for allocating suitable function-implementation variants depending on given quality-of-service function-requirements for run-time reconfigurable multi-device systems . Our approach adapts methodologies from the domain of knowledge-based systems which can be used for doing run-time hardware/software resource usage optimizations .
0710.4851	cs.LO	Common Reusable Verification Environment for BCA and RTL Models	This paper deals with a common verification methodology and environment for SystemC BCA and RTL models . The aim is to save effort by avoiding the same work done twice by different people and to reuse the same environment for the two design views . Applying this methodology the verification task starts as soon as the functional specification is signed off and it runs in parallel to the models and design development . The verification environment is modeled with the aid of dedicated verification languages and it is applied to both the models . The test suite is exactly the same and thus it 's possible to verify the alignment between the two models . In fact the final step is to check the cycle-by-cycle match of the interface behavior . A regression tool and a bus analyzer have been developed to help the verification and the alignment process . The former is used to automate the testbench generation and to run the two test suites . The latter is used to verify the alignment between the two models comparing the waveforms obtained in each run . The quality metrics used to validate the flow are full functional coverage and full alignment at each IP port .
0710.4852	cs.OH	An Assembler Driven Verification Methodology ( ADVM )	This paper presents an overview of an assembler driven verification methodology ( ADVM ) that was created and implemented for a chip card project at Infineon Technologies AG . The primary advantage of this methodology is that it enables rapid porting of directed tests to new targets and derivatives , with only a minimum amount of code refactoring . As a consequence , considerable verification development time and effort was saved .
0710.4903	cs.IT math.IT	Anonymous Networking amidst Eavesdroppers	The problem of security against timing based traffic analysis in wireless networks is considered in this work . An analytical measure of anonymity in eavesdropped networks is proposed using the information theoretic concept of equivocation . For a physical layer with orthogonal transmitter directed signaling , scheduling and relaying techniques are designed to maximize achievable network performance for any given level of anonymity . The network performance is measured by the achievable relay rates from the sources to destinations under latency and medium access constraints . In particular , analytical results are presented for two scenarios : For a two-hop network with maximum anonymity , achievable rate regions for a general m x 1 relay are characterized when nodes generate independent Poisson transmission schedules . The rate regions are presented for both strict and average delay constraints on traffic flow through the relay . For a multihop network with an arbitrary anonymity requirement , the problem of maximizing the sum-rate of flows ( network throughput ) is considered . A selective independent scheduling strategy is designed for this purpose , and using the analytical results for the two-hop network , the achievable throughput is characterized as a function of the anonymity level . The throughput-anonymity relation for the proposed strategy is shown to be equivalent to an information theoretic rate-distortion function .
0710.4905	cs.IT math.IT	Distributed Source Coding in the Presence of Byzantine Sensors	The distributed source coding problem is considered when the sensors , or encoders , are under Byzantine attack ; that is , an unknown group of sensors have been reprogrammed by a malicious intruder to undermine the reconstruction at the fusion center . Three different forms of the problem are considered . The first is a variable-rate setup , in which the decoder adaptively chooses the rates at which the sensors transmit . An explicit characterization of the variable-rate achievable sum rates is given for any number of sensors and any groups of traitors . The converse is proved constructively by letting the traitors simulate a fake distribution and report the generated values as the true ones . This fake distribution is chosen so that the decoder can not determine which sensors are traitors while maximizing the required rate to decode every value . Achievability is proved using a scheme in which the decoder receives small packets of information from a sensor until its message can be decoded , before moving on to the next sensor . The sensors use randomization to choose from a set of coding functions , which makes it probabilistically impossible for the traitors to cause the decoder to make an error . Two forms of the fixed-rate problem are considered , one with deterministic coding and one with randomized coding . The achievable rate regions are given for both these problems , and it is shown that lower rates can be achieved with randomized coding .
0710.4911	cs.CY physics.soc-ph	Social Media as Windows on the Social Life of the Mind	This is a programmatic paper , marking out two directions in which the study of social media can contribute to broader problems of social science : understanding cultural evolution and understanding collective cognition . Under the first heading , I discuss some difficulties with the usual , adaptationist explanations of cultural phenomena , alternative explanations involving network diffusion effects , and some ways these could be tested using social-media data . Under the second I describe some of the ways in which social media could be used to study how the social organization of an epistemic community supports its collective cognitive performance .
0710.4975	cs.AI	Node discovery problem for a social network	Methods to solve a node discovery problem for a social network are presented . Covert nodes refer to the nodes which are not observable directly . They transmit the influence and affect the resulting collaborative activities among the persons in a social network , but do not appear in the surveillance logs which record the participants of the collaborative activities . Discovering the covert nodes is identifying the suspicious logs where the covert nodes would appear if the covert nodes became overt . The performance of the methods is demonstrated with a test dataset generated from computationally synthesized networks and a real organization .
