0705.3949	cs.LO cs.DB	Translating a first-order modal language to relational algebra	This paper is about Kripke structures that are inside a relational database and queried with a modal language . At first the modal language that is used is introduced , followed by a definition of the database and relational algebra . Based on these definitions two things are presented : a mapping from components of the modal structure to a relational database schema and instance , and a translation from queries in the modal language to relational algebra queries .
0705.3990	cs.IT math.IT	Interior Point Decoding for Linear Vector Channels	In this paper , a novel decoding algorithm for low-density parity-check ( LDPC ) codes based on convex optimization is presented . The decoding algorithm , called interior point decoding , is designed for linear vector channels . The linear vector channels include many practically important channels such as inter symbol interference channels and partial response channels . It is shown that the maximum likelihood decoding ( MLD ) rule for a linear vector channel can be relaxed to a convex optimization problem , which is called a relaxed MLD problem . The proposed decoding algorithm is based on a numerical optimization technique so called interior point method with barrier function . Approximate variations of the gradient descent and the Newton methods are used to solve the convex optimization problem . In a decoding process of the proposed algorithm , a search point always lies in the fundamental polytope defined based on a low-density parity-check matrix . Compared with a convectional joint message passing decoder , the proposed decoding algorithm achieves better BER performance with less complexity in the case of partial response channels in many cases .
0705.3992	cs.IT math.IT	Average Stopping Set Weight Distribution of Redundant Random Matrix Ensembles	In this paper , redundant random matrix ensembles ( abbreviated as redundant random ensembles ) are defined and their stopping set ( SS ) weight distributions are analyzed . A redundant random ensemble consists of a set of binary matrices with linearly dependent rows . These linearly dependent rows ( redundant rows ) significantly reduce the number of stopping sets of small size . An upper and lower bound on the average SS weight distribution of the redundant random ensembles are shown . From these bounds , the trade-off between the number of redundant rows ( corresponding to decoding complexity of BP on BEC ) and the critical exponent of the asymptotic growth rate of SS weight distribution ( corresponding to decoding performance ) can be derived . It is shown that , in some cases , a dense matrix with linearly dependent rows yields asymptotically ( i.e. , in the regime of small erasure probability ) better performance than regular LDPC matrices with comparable parameters .
0705.3995	cs.IT math.IT	On Undetected Error Probability of Binary Matrix Ensembles	In this paper , an analysis of the undetected error probability of ensembles of binary matrices is presented . The ensemble called the Bernoulli ensemble whose members are considered as matrices generated from i.i.d . Bernoulli source is mainly considered here . The main contributions of this work are ( i ) derivation of the error exponent of the average undetected error probability and ( ii ) closed form expressions for the variance of the undetected error probability . It is shown that the behavior of the exponent for a sparse ensemble is somewhat different from that for a dense ensemble . Furthermore , as a byproduct of the proof of the variance formula , simple covariance formula of the weight distribution is derived .
