0704.3292	cs.IT math.IT	Coalition Games with Cooperative Transmission : A Cure for the Curse of Boundary Nodes in Selfish Packet-Forwarding Wireless Networks	In wireless packet-forwarding networks with selfish nodes , applications of a repeated game can induce the nodes to forward each others ' packets , so that the network performance can be improved . However , the nodes on the boundary of such networks can not benefit from this strategy , as the other nodes do not depend on them . This problem is sometimes known as the curse of the boundary nodes . To overcome this problem , an approach based on coalition games is proposed , in which the boundary nodes can use cooperative transmission to help the backbone nodes in the middle of the network . In return , the backbone nodes are willing to forward the boundary nodes ' packets . The stability of the coalitions is studied using the concept of a core . Then two types of fairness , namely , the min-max fairness using nucleolus and the average fairness using the Shapley function are investigated . Finally , a protocol is designed using both repeated games and coalition games . Simulation results show how boundary nodes and backbone nodes form coalitions together according to different fairness criteria . The proposed protocol can improve the network connectivity by about 50 % , compared with pure repeated game schemes .
0704.3313	cs.DS	Straggler Identification in Round-Trip Data Streams via Newton's Identities and Invertible Bloom Filters	We introduce the straggler identification problem , in which an algorithm must determine the identities of the remaining members of a set after it has had a large number of insertion and deletion operations performed on it , and now has relatively few remaining members . The goal is to do this in o ( n ) space , where n is the total number of identities . The straggler identification problem has applications , for example , in determining the set of unacknowledged packets in a high-bandwidth multicast data stream . We provide a deterministic solution to the straggler identification problem that uses only O ( d log n ) bits and is based on a novel application of Newton 's identities for symmetric polynomials . This solution can identify any subset of d stragglers from a set of n O ( log n ) -bit identifiers , assuming that there are no false deletions of identities not already in the set . Indeed , we give a lower bound argument that shows that any small-space deterministic solution to the straggler identification problem can not be guaranteed to handle false deletions . Nevertheless , we show that there is a simple randomized solution using O ( d log n log ( 1/epsilon ) ) bits that can maintain a multiset and solve the straggler identification problem , tolerating false deletions , where epsilon > 0 is a user-defined parameter bounding the probability of an incorrect response . This randomized solution is based on a new type of Bloom filter , which we call the invertible Bloom filter .
0704.3316	cs.IR cond-mat.stat-mech cs.CY physics.data-an	Vocabulary growth in collaborative tagging systems	We analyze a large-scale snapshot of del.icio.us and investigate how the number of different tags in the system grows as a function of a suitably defined notion of time . We study the temporal evolution of the global vocabulary size , i.e . the number of distinct tags in the entire system , as well as the evolution of local vocabularies , that is the growth of the number of distinct tags used in the context of a given resource or user . In both cases , we find power-law behaviors with exponents smaller than one . Surprisingly , the observed growth behaviors are remarkably regular throughout the entire history of the system and across very different resources being bookmarked . Similar sub-linear laws of growth have been observed in written text , and this qualitative universality calls for an explanation and points in the direction of non-trivial cognitive processes in the complex interaction patterns characterizing collaborative tagging .
0704.3359	cs.IR cs.AI	Direct Optimization of Ranking Measures	Web page ranking and collaborative filtering require the optimization of sophisticated performance measures . Current Support Vector approaches are unable to optimize them directly and focus on pairwise comparisons instead . We present a new approach which allows direct optimization of the relevant loss functions . This is achieved via structured estimation in Hilbert spaces . It is most related to Max-Margin-Markov networks optimization of multivariate performance measures . Key to our approach is that during training the ranking problem can be viewed as a linear assignment problem , which can be solved by the Hungarian Marriage algorithm . At test time , a sort operation is sufficient , as our algorithm assigns a relevance score to every ( document , query ) pair . Experiments show that the our algorithm is fast and that it works very well .
0704.3391	cs.IT math.IT	Lifetime Improvement in Wireless Sensor Networks via Collaborative Beamforming and Cooperative Transmission	Collaborative beamforming ( CB ) and cooperative transmission ( CT ) have recently emerged as communication techniques that can make effective use of collaborative/cooperative nodes to create a virtual multiple-input/multiple-output ( MIMO ) system . Extending the lifetime of networks composed of battery-operated nodes is a key issue in the design and operation of wireless sensor networks . This paper considers the effects on network lifetime of allowing closely located nodes to use CB/CT to reduce the load or even to avoid packet-forwarding requests to nodes that have critical battery life . First , the effectiveness of CB/CT in improving the signal strength at a faraway destination using energy in nearby nodes is studied . Then , the performance improvement obtained by this technique is analyzed for a special 2D disk case . Further , for general networks in which information-generation rates are fixed , a new routing problem is formulated as a linear programming problem , while for other general networks , the cost for routing is dynamically adjusted according to the amount of energy remaining and the effectiveness of CB/CT . From the analysis and the simulation results , it is seen that the proposed method can reduce the payloads of energy-depleting nodes by about 90 % in the special case network considered and improve the lifetimes of general networks by about 10 % , compared with existing techniques .
0704.3395	cs.AI cs.PL	General-Purpose Computing on a Semantic Network Substrate	This article presents a model of general-purpose computing on a semantic network substrate . The concepts presented are applicable to any semantic network representation . However , due to the standards and technological infrastructure devoted to the Semantic Web effort , this article is presented from this point of view . In the proposed model of computing , the application programming interface , the run-time program , and the state of the computing virtual machine are all represented in the Resource Description Framework ( RDF ) . The implementation of the concepts presented provides a practical computing paradigm that leverages the highly-distributed and standardized representational-layer of the Semantic Web .
0704.3396	cs.IT math.IT	Lifetime Improvement of Wireless Sensor Networks by Collaborative Beamforming and Cooperative Transmission	Extending network lifetime of battery-operated devices is a key design issue that allows uninterrupted information exchange among distributive nodes in wireless sensor networks . Collaborative beamforming ( CB ) and cooperative transmission ( CT ) have recently emerged as new communication techniques that enable and leverage effective resource sharing among collaborative/cooperative nodes . In this paper , we seek to maximize the lifetime of sensor networks by using the new idea that closely located nodes can use CB/CT to reduce the load or even avoid packet forwarding requests to nodes that have critical battery life . First , we study the effectiveness of CB/CT to improve the signal strength at a faraway destination using energy in nearby nodes . Then , a 2D disk case is analyzed to assess the resulting performance improvement . For general networks , if information-generation rates are fixed , the new routing problem is formulated as a linear programming problem ; otherwise , the cost for routing is dynamically adjusted according to the amount of energy remaining and the effectiveness of CB/CT . From the analysis and simulation results , it is seen that the proposed schemes can improve the lifetime by about 90 % in the 2D disk network and by about 10 % in the general networks , compared to existing schemes .
0704.3399	cs.IT math.IT	Cooperative Transmission Protocols with High Spectral Efficiency and High Diversity Order Using Multiuser Detection and Network Coding	Cooperative transmission is an emerging communication technique that takes advantages of the broadcast nature of wireless channels . However , due to low spectral efficiency and the requirement of orthogonal channels , its potential for use in future wireless networks is limited . In this paper , by making use of multiuser detection ( MUD ) and network coding , cooperative transmission protocols with high spectral efficiency , diversity order , and coding gain are developed . Compared with the traditional cooperative transmission protocols with single-user detection , in which the diversity gain is only for one source user , the proposed MUD cooperative transmission protocols have the merits that the improvement of one user 's link can also benefit the other users . In addition , using MUD at the relay provides an environment in which network coding can be employed . The coding gain and high diversity order can be obtained by fully utilizing the link between the relay and the destination . From the analysis and simulation results , it is seen that the proposed protocols achieve higher diversity gain , better asymptotic efficiency , and lower bit error rate , compared to traditional MUD and to existing cooperative transmission protocols .
0704.3402	cs.IT math.IT	Diversity-Multiplexing Tradeoff in Selective-Fading MIMO Channels	We establish the optimal diversity-multiplexing ( DM ) tradeoff of coherent time , frequency and time-frequency selective-fading MIMO channels and provide a code design criterion for DM-tradeoff optimality . Our results are based on the analysis of the `` Jensen channel '' associated to a given selective-fading MIMO channel . While the original problem seems analytically intractable due to the mutual information being a sum of correlated random variables , the Jensen channel is equivalent to the original channel in the sense of the DM-tradeoff and lends itself nicely to analytical treatment . Finally , as a consequence of our results , we find that the classical rank criterion for space-time code design ( in selective-fading MIMO channels ) ensures optimality in the sense of the DM-tradeoff .
0704.3405	cs.IT math.IT	Estimation Diversity and Energy Efficiency in Distributed Sensing	Distributed estimation based on measurements from multiple wireless sensors is investigated . It is assumed that a group of sensors observe the same quantity in independent additive observation noises with possibly different variances . The observations are transmitted using amplify-and-forward ( analog ) transmissions over non-ideal fading wireless channels from the sensors to a fusion center , where they are combined to generate an estimate of the observed quantity . Assuming that the Best Linear Unbiased Estimator ( BLUE ) is used by the fusion center , the equal-power transmission strategy is first discussed , where the system performance is analyzed by introducing the concept of estimation outage and estimation diversity , and it is shown that there is an achievable diversity gain on the order of the number of sensors . The optimal power allocation strategies are then considered for two cases : minimum distortion under power constraints ; and minimum power under distortion constraints . In the first case , it is shown that by turning off bad sensors , i.e. , sensors with bad channels and bad observation quality , adaptive power gain can be achieved without sacrificing diversity gain . Here , the adaptive power gain is similar to the array gain achieved in Multiple-Input Single-Output ( MISO ) multi-antenna systems when channel conditions are known to the transmitter . In the second case , the sum power is minimized under zero-outage estimation distortion constraint , and some related energy efficiency issues in sensor networks are discussed .
0704.3408	cs.IT math.IT	The Trade-off between Processing Gains of an Impulse Radio UWB System in the Presence of Timing Jitter	In time hopping impulse radio , $ N_f $ pulses of duration $ T_c $ are transmitted for each information symbol . This gives rise to two types of processing gain : ( i ) pulse combining gain , which is a factor $ N_f $ , and ( ii ) pulse spreading gain , which is $ N_c=T_f/T_c $ , where $ T_f $ is the mean interval between two subsequent pulses . This paper investigates the trade-off between these two types of processing gain in the presence of timing jitter . First , an additive white Gaussian noise ( AWGN ) channel is considered and approximate closed form expressions for bit error probability are derived for impulse radio systems with and without pulse-based polarity randomization . Both symbol-synchronous and chip-synchronous scenarios are considered . The effects of multiple-access interference and timing jitter on the selection of optimal system parameters are explained through theoretical analysis . Finally , a multipath scenario is considered and the trade-off between processing gains of a synchronous impulse radio system with pulse-based polarity randomization is analyzed . The effects of the timing jitter , multiple-access interference and inter-frame interference are investigated . Simulation studies support the theoretical results .
0704.3433	cs.AI	Bayesian approach to rough set	This paper proposes an approach to training rough set models using Bayesian framework trained using Markov Chain Monte Carlo ( MCMC ) method . The prior probabilities are constructed from the prior knowledge that good rough set models have fewer rules . Markov Chain Monte Carlo sampling is conducted through sampling in the rough set granule space and Metropolis algorithm is used as an acceptance criteria . The proposed method is tested to estimate the risk of HIV given demographic data . The results obtained shows that the proposed approach is able to achieve an average accuracy of 58 % with the accuracy varying up to 66 % . In addition the Bayesian rough set give the probabilities of the estimated HIV status as well as the linguistic rules describing how the demographic parameters drive the risk of HIV .
0704.3434	cs.IT math.IT	On sensing capacity of sensor networks for the class of linear observation , fixed SNR models	In this paper we address the problem of finding the sensing capacity of sensor networks for a class of linear observation models and a fixed SNR regime . Sensing capacity is defined as the maximum number of signal dimensions reliably identified per sensor observation . In this context sparsity of the phenomena is a key feature that determines sensing capacity . Precluding the SNR of the environment the effect of sparsity on the number of measurements required for accurate reconstruction of a sparse phenomena has been widely dealt with under compressed sensing . Nevertheless the development there was motivated from an algorithmic perspective . In this paper our aim is to derive these bounds in an information theoretic set-up and thus provide algorithm independent conditions for reliable reconstruction of sparse signals . In this direction we first generalize the Fano 's inequality and provide lower bounds to the probability of error in reconstruction subject to an arbitrary distortion criteria . Using these lower bounds to the probability of error , we derive upper bounds to sensing capacity and show that for fixed SNR regime sensing capacity goes down to zero as sparsity goes down to zero . This means that disproportionately more sensors are required to monitor very sparse events . Our next main contribution is that we show the effect of sensing diversity on sensing capacity , an effect that has not been considered before . Sensing diversity is related to the effective \emph { coverage } of a sensor with respect to the field . In this direction we show the following results ( a ) Sensing capacity goes down as sensing diversity per sensor goes down ; ( b ) Random sampling ( coverage ) of the field by sensors is better than contiguous location sampling ( coverage ) .
0704.3453	cs.AI q-bio.QM	An Adaptive Strategy for the Classification of G-Protein Coupled Receptors	One of the major problems in computational biology is the inability of existing classification models to incorporate expanding and new domain knowledge . This problem of static classification models is addressed in this paper by the introduction of incremental learning for problems in bioinformatics . Many machine learning tools have been applied to this problem using static machine learning structures such as neural networks or support vector machines that are unable to accommodate new information into their existing models . We utilize the fuzzy ARTMAP as an alternate machine learning system that has the ability of incrementally learning new data as it becomes available . The fuzzy ARTMAP is found to be comparable to many of the widespread machine learning systems . The use of an evolutionary strategy in the selection and combination of individual classifiers into an ensemble system , coupled with the incremental learning ability of the fuzzy ARTMAP is proven to be suitable as a pattern classifier . The algorithm presented is tested using data from the G-Coupled Protein Receptors Database and shows good accuracy of 83 % . The system presented is also generally applicable , and can be used in problems in genomics and proteomics .
