0710.0485	cs.LG	Prediction with expert advice for the Brier game	We show that the Brier game of prediction is mixable and find the optimal learning rate and substitution function for it . The resulting prediction algorithm is applied to predict results of football and tennis matches . The theoretical performance guarantee turns out to be rather tight on these data sets , especially in the case of the more extensive tennis data .
0710.0510	cs.SC	Q-adic Transform revisited	We present an algorithm to perform a simultaneous modular reduction of several residues . This algorithm is applied fast modular polynomial multiplication . The idea is to convert the $ X $ -adic representation of modular polynomials , with $ X $ an indeterminate , to a $ q $ -adic representation where $ q $ is an integer larger than the field characteristic . With some control on the different involved sizes it is then possible to perform some of the $ q $ -adic arithmetic directly with machine integers or floating points . Depending also on the number of performed numerical operations one can then convert back to the $ q $ -adic or $ X $ -adic representation and eventually mod out high residues . In this note we present a new version of both conversions : more tabulations and a way to reduce the number of divisions involved in the process are presented . The polynomial multiplication is then applied to arithmetic in small finite field extensions .
0710.0528	cs.PL cs.LO	On the interaction between sharing and linearity	In the analysis of logic programs , abstract domains for detecting sharing and linearity information are widely used . Devising abstract unification algorithms for such domains has proved to be rather hard . At the moment , the available algorithms are correct but not optimal , i.e. , they can not fully exploit the information conveyed by the abstract domains . In this paper , we define a new ( infinite ) domain ShLin-w which can be thought of as a general framework from which other domains can be easily derived by abstraction . ShLin-w makes the interaction between sharing and linearity explicit . We provide a constructive characterization of the optimal abstract unification operator on ShLin-w and we lift it to two well-known abstractions of ShLin-w. Namely , to the classical Sharing X Lin abstract domain and to the more precise ShLin-2 abstract domain by Andy King . In the case of single binding substitutions , we obtain optimal abstract unification algorithms for such domains . To appear in Theory and Practice of Logic Programming ( TPLP ) .
0710.0531	cs.DM cs.IT cs.NI math.IT	The Problem of Localization in Networks of Randomly Deployed Nodes : Asymptotic and Finite Analysis , and Thresholds	We derive the probability that a randomly chosen NL-node over $ S $ gets localized as a function of a variety of parameters . Then , we derive the probability that the whole network of NL-nodes over $ S $ gets localized . In connection with the asymptotic thresholds , we show the presence of asymptotic thresholds on the network localization probability in two different scenarios . The first refers to dense networks , which arise when the domain $ S $ is bounded and the densities of the two kinds of nodes tend to grow unboundedly . The second kind of thresholds manifest themselves when the considered domain increases but the number of nodes grow in such a way that the L-node density remains constant throughout the investigated domain . In this scenario , what matters is the minimum value of the maximum transmission range averaged over the fading process , denoted as $ d_ { max } $ , above which the network of NL-nodes almost surely gets asymptotically localized .
0710.0539	cs.DS cs.CC	A Novel Solution to the ATT48 Benchmark Problem	A solution to the benchmark ATT48 Traveling Salesman Problem ( from the TSPLIB95 library ) results from isolating the set of vertices into ten open-ended zones with nine lengthwise boundaries . In each zone , a minimum-length Hamiltonian Path ( HP ) is found for each combination of boundary vertices , leading to an approximation for the minimum-length Hamiltonian Cycle ( HC ) . Determination of the optimal HPs for subsequent zones has the effect of automatically filtering out non-optimal HPs from earlier zones . Although the optimal HC for ATT48 involves only two crossing edges between all zones ( with one exception ) , adding inter-zone edges can accommodate more complex problems .
0710.0564	cs.IT math.IT	TP Decoding	`Tree pruning ' ( TP ) is an algorithm for probabilistic inference on binary Markov random fields . It has been recently derived by Dror Weitz and used to construct the first fully polynomial approximation scheme for counting independent sets up to the `tree uniqueness threshold . ' It can be regarded as a clever method for pruning the belief propagation computation tree , in such a way to exactly account for the effect of loops . In this paper we generalize the original algorithm to make it suitable for decoding linear codes , and discuss various schemes for pruning the computation tree . Further , we present the outcomes of numerical simulations on several linear codes , showing that tree pruning allows to interpolate continuously between belief propagation and maximum a posteriori decoding . Finally , we discuss theoretical implications of the new method .
0710.0658	cs.NI cs.IT math.IT	Detailed Network Measurements Using Sparse Graph Counters : The Theory	Measuring network flow sizes is important for tasks like accounting/billing , network forensics and security . Per-flow accounting is considered hard because it requires that many counters be updated at a very high speed ; however , the large fast memories needed for storing the counters are prohibitively expensive . Therefore , current approaches aim to obtain approximate flow counts ; that is , to detect large elephant flows and then measure their sizes . Recently the authors and their collaborators have developed [ 1 ] a novel method for per-flow traffic measurement that is fast , highly memory efficient and accurate . At the core of this method is a novel counter architecture called '' counter braids . '' In this paper , we analyze the performance of the counter braid architecture under a Maximum Likelihood ( ML ) flow size estimation algorithm and show that it is optimal ; that is , the number of bits needed to store the size of a flow matches the entropy lower bound . While the ML algorithm is optimal , it is too complex to implement . In [ 1 ] we have developed an easy-to-implement and efficient message passing algorithm for estimating flow sizes .
