0706.2544	cs.LO	Abstract machines for dialogue games	The notion of abstract Boehm tree has arisen as an operationally-oriented distillation of works on game semantics , and has been investigated in two papers . This paper revisits the notion , providing more syntactic support and more examples ( like call-by-value evaluation ) illustrating the generality of the underlying computing device . Precise correspondences between various formulations of the evaluation mechanism of abstract Boehm trees are established .
0706.2575	cs.DM	A new lower bound on the independence number of a graph	For a given connected graph G on n vertices and m edges , we prove that its independence number is at least ( 2m+n+2-sqrt ( sqr ( 2m+n+2 ) -16sqr ( n ) ) ) /8 .
0706.2585	cs.LO cs.DM	Decisive Markov Chains	We consider qualitative and quantitative verification problems for infinite-state Markov chains . We call a Markov chain decisive w.r.t . a given set of target states F if it almost certainly eventually reaches either F or a state from which F can no longer be reached . While all finite Markov chains are trivially decisive ( for every set F ) , this also holds for many classes of infinite Markov chains . Infinite Markov chains which contain a finite attractor are decisive w.r.t . every set F. In particular , this holds for probabilistic lossy channel systems ( PLCS ) . Furthermore , all globally coarse Markov chains are decisive . This class includes probabilistic vector addition systems ( PVASS ) and probabilistic noisy Turing machines ( PNTM ) . We consider both safety and liveness problems for decisive Markov chains , i.e. , the probabilities that a given set of states F is eventually reached or reached infinitely often , respectively . 1 . We express the qualitative problems in abstract terms for decisive Markov chains , and show an almost complete picture of its decidability for PLCS , PVASS and PNTM . 2 . We also show that the path enumeration algorithm of Iyer and Narasimha terminates for decisive Markov chains and can thus be used to solve the approximate quantitative safety problem . A modified variant of this algorithm solves the approximate quantitative liveness problem . 3 . Finally , we show that the exact probability of ( repeatedly ) reaching F can not be effectively expressed ( in a uniform way ) in Tarski-algebra for either PLCS , PVASS or ( P ) NTM .
0706.2619	cs.LO cs.GT	Algorithms for Omega-Regular Games with Imperfect Information	We study observation-based strategies for two-player turn-based games on graphs with omega-regular objectives . An observation-based strategy relies on imperfect information about the history of a play , namely , on the past sequence of observations . Such games occur in the synthesis of a controller that does not see the private state of the plant . Our main results are twofold . First , we give a fixed-point algorithm for computing the set of states from which a player can win with a deterministic observation-based strategy for any omega-regular objective . The fixed point is computed in the lattice of antichains of state sets . This algorithm has the advantages of being directed by the objective and of avoiding an explicit subset construction on the game graph . Second , we give an algorithm for computing the set of states from which a player can win with probability 1 with a randomized observation-based strategy for a Buechi objective . This set is of interest because in the absence of perfect information , randomized strategies are more powerful than deterministic ones . We show that our algorithms are optimal by proving matching lower bounds .
