0704.2475	cs.IT math.IT	Physical Layer Network Coding	A main distinguishing feature of a wireless network compared with a wired network is its broadcast nature , in which the signal transmitted by a node may reach several other nodes , and a node may receive signals from several other nodes simultaneously . Rather than a blessing , this feature is treated more as an interference-inducing nuisance in most wireless networks today ( e.g. , IEEE 802.11 ) . This paper shows that the concept of network coding can be applied at the physical layer to turn the broadcast property into a capacity-boosting advantage in wireless ad hoc networks . Specifically , we propose a physical-layer network coding ( PNC ) scheme to coordinate transmissions among nodes . In contrast to straightforward network coding which performs coding arithmetic on digital bit streams after they have been received , PNC makes use of the additive nature of simultaneously arriving electromagnetic ( EM ) waves for equivalent coding operation . And in doing so , PNC can potentially achieve 100 % and 50 % throughput increases compared with traditional transmission and straightforward network coding , respectively , in multi-hop networks . More specifically , the information-theoretic capacity of PNC is almost double that of traditional transmission in the SNR region of practical interest ( higher than 0dB ) . We believe this is a first paper that ventures into EM-wave-based network coding at the physical layer and demonstrates its potential for boosting network capacity .
0704.2505	cs.IT cs.DM math.IT	Algebraic Distributed Space-Time Codes with Low ML Decoding Complexity	`` Extended Clifford algebras '' are introduced as a means to obtain low ML decoding complexity space-time block codes . Using left regular matrix representations of two specific classes of extended Clifford algebras , two systematic algebraic constructions of full diversity Distributed Space-Time Codes ( DSTCs ) are provided for any power of two number of relays . The left regular matrix representation has been shown to naturally result in space-time codes meeting the additional constraints required for DSTCs . The DSTCs so constructed have the salient feature of reduced Maximum Likelihood ( ML ) decoding complexity . In particular , the ML decoding of these codes can be performed by applying the lattice decoder algorithm on a lattice of four times lesser dimension than what is required in general . Moreover these codes have a uniform distribution of power among the relays and in time , thus leading to a low Peak to Average Power Ratio at the relays .
0704.2507	cs.IT cs.DM math.IT	STBCs from Representation of Extended Clifford Algebras	A set of sufficient conditions to construct $ \lambda $ -real symbol Maximum Likelihood ( ML ) decodable STBCs have recently been provided by Karmakar et al . STBCs satisfying these sufficient conditions were named as Clifford Unitary Weight ( CUW ) codes . In this paper , the maximal rate ( as measured in complex symbols per channel use ) of CUW codes for $ \lambda=2^a , a\in\mathbb { N } $ is obtained using tools from representation theory . Two algebraic constructions of codes achieving this maximal rate are also provided . One of the constructions is obtained using linear representation of finite groups whereas the other construction is based on the concept of right module algebra over non-commutative rings . To the knowledge of the authors , this is the first paper in which matrices over non-commutative rings is used to construct STBCs . An algebraic explanation is provided for the 'ABBA ' construction first proposed by Tirkkonen et al and the tensor product construction proposed by Karmakar et al . Furthermore , it is established that the 4 transmit antenna STBC originally proposed by Tirkkonen et al based on the ABBA construction is actually a single complex symbol ML decodable code if the design variables are permuted and signal sets of appropriate dimensions are chosen .
0704.2509	cs.IT math.IT	Signal Set Design for Full-Diversity Low-Decoding-Complexity Differential Scaled-Unitary STBCs	The problem of designing high rate , full diversity noncoherent space-time block codes ( STBCs ) with low encoding and decoding complexity is addressed . First , the notion of $ g $ -group encodable and $ g $ -group decodable linear STBCs is introduced . Then for a known class of rate-1 linear designs , an explicit construction of fully-diverse signal sets that lead to four-group encodable and four-group decodable differential scaled unitary STBCs for any power of two number of antennas is provided . Previous works on differential STBCs either sacrifice decoding complexity for higher rate or sacrifice rate for lower decoding complexity .
0704.2511	cs.IT math.IT	Noncoherent Low-Decoding-Complexity Space-Time Codes for Wireless Relay Networks	The differential encoding/decoding setup introduced by Kiran et al , Oggier et al and Jing et al for wireless relay networks that use codebooks consisting of unitary matrices is extended to allow codebooks consisting of scaled unitary matrices . For such codebooks to be used in the Jing-Hassibi protocol for cooperative diversity , the conditions that need to be satisfied by the relay matrices and the codebook are identified . A class of previously known rate one , full diversity , four-group encodable and four-group decodable Differential Space-Time Codes ( DSTCs ) is proposed for use as Distributed DSTCs ( DDSTCs ) in the proposed set up . To the best of our knowledge , this is the first known low decoding complexity DDSTC scheme for cooperative wireless networks .
0704.2542	cs.HC	Narratives within immersive technologies	The main goal of this project is to research technical advances in order to enhance the possibility to develop narratives within immersive mediated environments . An important part of the research is concerned with the question of how a script can be written , annotated and realized for an immersive context . A first description of the main theoretical framework and the ongoing work and a first script example is provided . This project is part of the program for presence research , and it will exploit physiological feedback and Computational Intelligence within virtual reality .
0704.2544	cs.IT math.IT	Existence Proofs of Some EXIT Like Functions	The Extended BP ( EBP ) Generalized EXIT ( GEXIT ) function introduced in \cite { MMRU05 } plays a fundamental role in the asymptotic analysis of sparse graph codes . For transmission over the binary erasure channel ( BEC ) the analytic properties of the EBP GEXIT function are relatively simple and well understood . The general case is much harder and even the existence of the curve is not known in general . We introduce some tools from non-linear analysis which can be useful to prove the existence of EXIT like curves in some cases . The main tool is the Krasnoselskii-Rabinowitz ( KR ) bifurcation theorem .
0704.2596	cs.IT cs.DM math.IT	Computing Extensions of Linear Codes	This paper deals with the problem of increasing the minimum distance of a linear code by adding one or more columns to the generator matrix . Several methods to compute extensions of linear codes are presented . Many codes improving the previously known lower bounds on the minimum distance have been found .
0704.2644	cs.IT cs.LG math.IT	Joint universal lossy coding and identification of stationary mixing sources	The problem of joint universal source coding and modeling , treated in the context of lossless codes by Rissanen , was recently generalized to fixed-rate lossy coding of finitely parametrized continuous-alphabet i.i.d . sources . We extend these results to variable-rate lossy block coding of stationary ergodic sources and show that , for bounded metric distortion measures , any finitely parametrized family of stationary sources satisfying suitable mixing , smoothness and Vapnik-Chervonenkis learnability conditions admits universal schemes for joint lossy source coding and identification . We also give several explicit examples of parametric sources satisfying the regularity conditions .
