0710.0900	cs.IT math.IT	A New Achievability Scheme for the Relay Channel	In this paper , we propose a new coding scheme for the general relay channel . This coding scheme is in the form of a block Markov code . The transmitter uses a superposition Markov code . The relay compresses the received signal and maps the compressed version of the received signal into a codeword conditioned on the codeword of the previous block . The receiver performs joint decoding after it has received all of the B blocks . We show that this coding scheme can be viewed as a generalization of the well-known Compress-And-Forward ( CAF ) scheme proposed by Cover and El Gamal . Our coding scheme provides options for preserving the correlation between the channel inputs of the transmitter and the relay , which is not possible in the CAF scheme . Thus , our proposed scheme may potentially yield a larger achievable rate than the CAF scheme .
0710.0925	cs.CG	Degeneracy of Angular Voronoi Diagram	Angular Voronoi diagram was introduced by Asano et al . as fundamental research for a mesh generation . In an angular Voronoi diagram , the edges are curves of degree three . From view of computational robustness we need to treat the curves carefully , because they might have a singularity . We enumerate all the possible types of curves that appear as an edge of an angular Voronoi diagram , which tells us what kind of degeneracy is possible and tells us necessity of considering a singularity for computational robustness .
0710.0937	cs.IT math.IT	Multichannel algorithm based on generalized positional numeration system	This report is devoted to introduction in multichannel algorithm based on generalized numeration notations ( GPN ) . The internal , external and mixed account are entered . The concept of the GPN and its classification as decomposition of an integer on composed of integers is discussed . Realization of multichannel algorithm on the basis of GPN is introduced . In particular , some properties of Fibonacci multichannel algorithm are discussed .
0710.1001	cs.IT cs.DS math.IT stat.AP	Connectivity of Random 1-Dimensional Networks	An important problem in wireless sensor networks is to find the minimal number of randomly deployed sensors making a network connected with a given probability . In practice sensors are often deployed one by one along a trajectory of a vehicle , so it is natural to assume that arbitrary probability density functions of distances between successive sensors in a segment are given . The paper computes the probability of connectivity and coverage of 1-dimensional networks and gives estimates for a minimal number of sensors for important distributions .
0710.1007	cs.DM	Two representation theorems of three-valued structures by means of binary relations	The results here presented are a continuation of the algebraic research line which attempts to find properties of multiple-valued systems based on a poset of two agents . The aim of this paper is to exhibit two relationships between some three-valued structures and binary relations . The established connections are so narrow that two representation theorems are obtained .
