0710.4187	cs.IT math.IT	Universal coding for correlated sources with complementary delivery	This paper deals with a universal coding problem for a certain kind of multiterminal source coding system that we call the complementary delivery coding system . In this system , messages from two correlated sources are jointly encoded , and each decoder has access to one of the two messages to enable it to reproduce the other message . Both fixed-to-fixed length and fixed-to-variable length lossless coding schemes are considered . Explicit constructions of universal codes and bounds of the error probabilities are clarified via type-theoretical and graph-theoretical analyses . [ [ Keywords ] ] multiterminal source coding , complementary delivery , universal coding , types of sequences , bipartite graphs
0710.4231	cs.AI	Analyzing covert social network foundation behind terrorism disaster	This paper addresses a method to analyze the covert social network foundation hidden behind the terrorism disaster . It is to solve a node discovery problem , which means to discover a node , which functions relevantly in a social network , but escaped from monitoring on the presence and mutual relationship of nodes . The method aims at integrating the expert investigator 's prior understanding , insight on the terrorists ' social network nature derived from the complex graph theory , and computational data processing . The social network responsible for the 9/11 attack in 2001 is used to execute simulation experiment to evaluate the performance of the method .
0710.4255	cs.IT math.IT	Analysis of a Mixed Strategy for Multiple Relay Networks	In their landmark paper Cover and El Gamal proposed different coding strategies for the relay channel with a single relay supporting a communication pair . These strategies are the decode-and-forward and compress-and-forward approach , as well as a general lower bound on the capacity of a relay network which relies on the mixed application of the previous two strategies . So far , only parts of their work - the decode-and-forward and the compress-and-forward strategy - have been applied to networks with multiple relays . This paper derives a mixed strategy for multiple relay networks using a combined approach of partial decode-and-forward with N +1 levels and the ideas of successive refinement with different side information at the receivers . After describing the protocol structure , we present the achievable rates for the discrete memoryless relay channel as well as Gaussian multiple relay networks . Using these results we compare the mixed strategy with some special cases , e. g. , multilevel decode-and-forward , distributed compress-and-forward and a mixed approach where one relay node operates in decode-and-forward and the other in compress-and-forward mode .
0710.4261	cs.NI cs.PF	Survivable MPLS Over Optical Transport Networks : Cost and Resource Usage Analysis	In this paper we study different options for the survivability implementation in MPLS over Optical Transport Networks ( OTN ) in terms of network resource usage and configuration cost . We investigate two approaches to the survivability deployment : single layer and multilayer survivability and present various methods for spare capacity allocation ( SCA ) to reroute disrupted traffic . The comparative analysis shows the influence of the offered traffic granularity and the physical network structure on the survivability cost : for high bandwidth LSPs , close to the optical channel capacity , the multilayer survivability outperforms the single layer one , whereas for low bandwidth LSPs the single layer survivability is more cost-efficient . On the other hand , sparse networks of low connectivity parameter use more wavelengths for optical path routing and increase the configuration cost , as compared with dense networks . We demonstrate that by mapping efficiently the spare capacity of the MPLS layer onto the resources of the optical layer one can achieve up to 22 % savings in the total configuration cost and up to 37 % in the optical layer cost . Further savings ( up to 9 % ) in the wavelength use can be obtained with the integrated approach to network configuration over the sequential one , however , at the increase in the optimization problem complexity . These results are based on a cost model with different cost variations , and were obtained for networks targeted to a nationwide coverage .
0710.4272	cs.CC	An approximation trichotomy for Boolean # CSP	We give a trichotomy theorem for the complexity of approximately counting the number of satisfying assignments of a Boolean CSP instance . Such problems are parameterised by a constraint language specifying the relations that may be used in constraints . If every relation in the constraint language is affine then the number of satisfying assignments can be exactly counted in polynomial time . Otherwise , if every relation in the constraint language is in the co-clone IM_2 from Post 's lattice , then the problem of counting satisfying assignments is complete with respect to approximation-preserving reductions in the complexity class # RH\Pi_1 . This means that the problem of approximately counting satisfying assignments of such a CSP instance is equivalent in complexity to several other known counting problems , including the problem of approximately counting the number of independent sets in a bipartite graph . For every other fixed constraint language , the problem is complete for # P with respect to approximation-preserving reductions , meaning that there is no fully polynomial randomised approximation scheme for counting satisfying assignments unless NP=RP .
0710.4318	cs.SC math.DG	Differential invariants of a Lie group action : syzygies on a generating set	Given a group action , known by its infinitesimal generators , we exhibit a complete set of syzygies on a generating set of differential invariants . For that we elaborate on the reinterpretation of Cartan 's moving frame by Fels and Olver ( 1999 ) . This provides constructive tools for exploring algebras of differential invariants .
