0708.3721	cs.MS cs.LO	Verified Real Number Calculations : A Library for Interval Arithmetic	Real number calculations on elementary functions are remarkably difficult to handle in mechanical proofs . In this paper , we show how these calculations can be performed within a theorem prover or proof assistant in a convenient and highly automated as well as interactive way . First , we formally establish upper and lower bounds for elementary functions . Then , based on these bounds , we develop a rational interval arithmetic where real number calculations take place in an algebraic setting . In order to reduce the dependency effect of interval arithmetic , we integrate two techniques : interval splitting and taylor series expansions . This pragmatic approach has been developed , and formally verified , in a theorem prover . The formal development also includes a set of customizable strategies to automate proofs involving explicit calculations over real numbers . Our ultimate goal is to provide guaranteed proofs of numerical properties with minimal human theorem-prover interaction .
0708.3722	cs.MS cs.PF	Formally Verified Argument Reduction with a Fused-Multiply-Add	Cody & Waite argument reduction technique works perfectly for reasonably large arguments but as the input grows there are no bit left to approximate the constant with enough accuracy . Under mild assumptions , we show that the result computed with a fused-multiply-add provides a fully accurate result for many possible values of the input with a constant almost accurate to the full working precision . We also present an algorithm for a fully accurate second reduction step to reach double full accuracy ( all the significand bits of two numbers are significant ) even in the worst cases of argument reduction . Our work recalls the common algorithms and presents proofs of correctness . All the proofs are formally verified using the Coq automatic proof checker .
0708.3723	cs.RO	Parametric Stiffness Analysis of the Orthoglide	This paper presents a parametric stiffness analysis of the Orthoglide , a 3-DOF translational Parallel Kinematic Machine . First , a compliant modeling of the Orthoglide is conducted based on an existing method . Then stiffness matrix is symbolically computed . This allows one to easily study the influence of the geometric design parameters on the matrix elements . Critical links are displayed . Cutting forces are then modeled so that static displacements of the Orthoglide tool during slot milling are symbolically computed . Influence of the geometric design parameters on the static displacements is checked as well . Other machining operations can be modeled . This parametric stiffness analysis can be applied to any parallel manipulator for which stiffness is a critical issue .
0708.3734	cs.DC	Searching for a dangerous host : randomized vs. deterministic	A Black Hole is an harmful host in a network that destroys incoming agents without leaving any trace of such event . The problem of locating the black hole in a network through a team of agent coordinated by a common protocol is usually referred in literature as the Black Hole Search problem ( or BHS for brevity ) and it is a consolidated research topic in the area of distributed algorithms . The aim of this paper is to extend the results for BHS by considering more general ( and hence harder ) classes of dangerous host . In particular we introduce rB-hole as a probabilistic generalization of the Black Hole , in which the destruction of an incoming agent is a purely random event happening with some fixed probability ( like flipping a biased coin ) . The main result we present is that if we tolerate an arbitrarily small error probability in the result then the rB-hole Search problem , or RBS , is not harder than the usual BHS . We establish this result in two different communication model , specifically both in presence or absence of whiteboards non-located at the homebase . The core of our methods is a general reduction tool for transforming algorithms for the black hole into algorithms for the rB-hole .
0708.3740	cs.HC	Plate-forme Magicien d'Oz pour l'\'etude de l'apport des ACAs \`a l'interaction	In order to evaluate the contribution of Embodied ( Animated ) Conversational Agents ( ECAs ) to the effectiveness and usability of human-computer interaction , we developed a software platform meant to collect usage data . This platform , which implements the wizard of Oz paradigm , makes it possible to simulate user interfaces integrating ACAs for any Windows software application . It can also save and `` replay '' a rich interaction trace including user and system events , screen captures , users ' speech and eye fixations . This platform has been used to assess users ' subjective judgements and reactions to a multimodal online help system meant to facilitate the use of software for the general public ( Flash ) . The online help system is embodied using a 3D talking head ( developed by FT R & D ) which `` says '' oral help messages illustrated with Flash screen copies .
0708.3742	cs.HC	Interfaces adaptatives Adaptation dynamique \`a l'utilisateur courant	We present a survey of recent research studies of the implementation of adaptive user models in human-computer interaction . A classification of research directions on adaptive user interfaces is first proposed ; it takes account of the user characteristics that are modelled , the distribution of initiative and control of the system evolution between user and system , and the role of dynamic adaptation . Then , a few representative research studies are briefly presented to illustrate this classification . In the conclusion , some major issues regarding the utility and usability of adaptive user interfaces and the design of an appropriate methodology for assessing the ergonomic quality of this new form of interaction are mentioned .
0708.3764	cs.IT math.IT	A Radio Resource Management strategy for downlink cooperation in distributed networks	This paper has been withdrawn by the author
0708.3809	cs.RO	Design Strategies for the Geometric Synthesis of Orthoglide-type Mechanisms	The paper addresses the geometric synthesis of Orthoglide-type mechanism , a family of 3-DOF parallel manipulators for rapid machining applications , which combine advantages of both serial mechanisms and parallel kinematic architectures . These manipulators possess quasi-isotropic kinematic performances and are made up of three actuated fixed prismatic joints , which are mutually orthogonal and connected to a mobile platform via three parallelogram chains . The platform moves in the Cartesian space with fixed orientation , similar to conventional XYZ-machine . Three strategies have been proposed to define the Orthoglide geometric parameters ( manipulator link lengths and actuated joint limits ) as functions of a cubic workspace size and dextrous properties expressed by bounds on the velocity transmission factors , manipulability or the Jacobian condition number . Low inertia and intrinsic stiffness have been set as additional design goals expressed by the minimal link length requirement . For each design strategy , analytical expressions for computing the Orthoglide parameters are proposed . It is showed that the proposed strategies yield Pareto-optimal solutions , which differ by the kinematic performances outside the prescribed Cartesian cube ( but within the workspace bounded by the actuated joint limits ) . The proposed technique is illustrated with numerical examples for the Orthoglide prototype design .
0708.3811	cs.RO	An Exhaustive Study of the Workspaces Tolopogies of all 3R Orthogonal Manipulators with Geometric Simplifications	This paper proposes a classification of three-revolute orthogonal manipulators that have at least one of their DH parameters equal to zero . This classification is based on the topology of their workspace . The workspace is characterized in a half-cross section by the singular curves . The workspace topology is defined by the number of cusps and nodes that appear on these singular curves . The manipulators are classified into different types with similar kinematic properties . Each type is evaluated according to interesting kinematic properties such as , whether the workspace is fully reachable with four inverse kinematic solutions or not , the existence of voids , and the feasibility of continuous trajectories in the workspace . It is found that several orthogonal manipulators have a `` well-connected '' workspace , that is , their workspace is fully accessible with four inverse kinematic solutions and any continuous trajectory is feasible . This result is of interest for the design of alternative manipulator geometries .
0708.3829	cs.CE cs.NE	A Non Parametric Model for the Forecasting of the Venezuelan Oil Prices	A neural net model for forecasting the prices of Venezuelan crude oil is proposed . The inputs of the neural net are selected by reference to a dynamic system model of oil prices by Mashayekhi ( 1995 , 2001 ) and its performance is evaluated using two criteria : the Excess Profitability test by Anatoliev and Gerko ( 2005 ) and the characteristics of the equity curve generated by a trading strategy based on the neural net predictions . -- -- - Se introduce aqui un modelo no parametrico para pronosticar los precios del petroleo Venezolano cuyos insumos son seleccionados en base a un sistema dinamico que explica los precios en terminos de dichos insumos . Se describe el proceso de recoleccion y pre-procesamiento de datos y la corrida de la red y se evaluan sus pronosticos a traves de un test estadistico de predictibilidad y de las caracteristicas del Equity Curve inducido por la estrategia de compraventa bursatil generada por dichos pronosticos .
0708.3879	cs.NI cond-mat.dis-nn physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Graph Annotations in Modeling Complex Network Topologies	The coarsest approximation of the structure of a complex network , such as the Internet , is a simple undirected unweighted graph . This approximation , however , loses too much detail . In reality , objects represented by vertices and edges in such a graph possess some non-trivial internal structure that varies across and differentiates among distinct types of links or nodes . In this work , we abstract such additional information as network annotations . We introduce a network topology modeling framework that treats annotations as an extended correlation profile of a network . Assuming we have this profile measured for a given network , we present an algorithm to rescale it in order to construct networks of varying size that still reproduce the original measured annotation profile . Using this methodology , we accurately capture the network properties essential for realistic simulations of network applications and protocols , or any other simulations involving complex network topologies , including modeling and simulation of network evolution . We apply our approach to the Autonomous System ( AS ) topology of the Internet annotated with business relationships between ASs . This topology captures the large-scale structure of the Internet . In depth understanding of this structure and tools to model it are cornerstones of research on future Internet architectures and designs . We find that our techniques are able to accurately capture the structure of annotation correlations within this topology , thus reproducing a number of its important properties in synthetically-generated random graphs .
0708.3962	cs.DM	A course on Combinatorial Algorithms	The paper presents a course on Combinatorial Algorithms that is based on the drafts of the author that he used while teaching the course in the Department of Informatics and Applied Mathematics of Yerevan State University , Armenia from February 2007 to June 2007 .
