0706.1001	cs.GT cs.AI	Epistemic Analysis of Strategic Games with Arbitrary Strategy Sets	We provide here an epistemic analysis of arbitrary strategic games based on the possibility correspondences . Such an analysis calls for the use of transfinite iterations of the corresponding operators . Our approach is based on Tarski 's Fixpoint Theorem and applies both to the notions of rationalizability and the iterated elimination of strictly dominated strategies .
0706.1002	cs.CG cs.CC cs.DM	Moving Vertices to Make Drawings Plane	A straight-line drawing $ \delta $ of a planar graph $ G $ need not be plane , but can be made so by moving some of the vertices . Let shift $ ( G , \delta ) $ denote the minimum number of vertices that need to be moved to turn $ \delta $ into a plane drawing of $ G $ . We show that shift $ ( G , \delta ) $ is NP-hard to compute and to approximate , and we give explicit bounds on shift $ ( G , \delta ) $ when $ G $ is a tree or a general planar graph . Our hardness results extend to 1BendPointSetEmbeddability , a well-known graph-drawing problem .
0706.1019	cs.CR	Probabilistic Anonymity and Admissible Schedulers	When studying safety properties of ( formal ) protocol models , it is customary to view the scheduler as an adversary : an entity trying to falsify the safety property . We show that in the context of security protocols , and in particular of anonymizing protocols , this gives the adversary too much power ; for instance , the contents of encrypted messages and internal computations by the parties should be considered invisible to the adversary . We restrict the class of schedulers to a class of admissible schedulers which better model adversarial behaviour . These admissible schedulers base their decision solely on the past behaviour of the system that is visible to the adversary . Using this , we propose a definition of anonymity : for all admissible schedulers the identity of the users and the observations of the adversary are independent stochastic variables . We also develop a proof technique for typical cases that can be used to proof anonymity : a system is anonymous if it is possible to `exchange ' the behaviour of two users without the adversary `noticing ' .
0706.1051	cs.NE	Improved Neural Modeling of Real-World Systems Using Genetic Algorithm Based Variable Selection	Neural network models of real-world systems , such as industrial processes , made from sensor data must often rely on incomplete data . System states may not all be known , sensor data may be biased or noisy , and it is not often known which sensor data may be useful for predictive modelling . Genetic algorithms may be used to help to address this problem by determining the near optimal subset of sensor variables most appropriate to produce good models . This paper describes the use of genetic search to optimize variable selection to determine inputs into the neural network model . We discuss genetic algorithm implementation issues including data representation types and genetic operators such as crossover and mutation . We present the use of this technique for neural network modelling of a typical industrial application , a liquid fed ceramic melter , and detail the results of the genetic search to optimize the neural network model for this application .
0706.1061	cs.NE cs.RO	Design , Implementation , and Cooperative Coevolution of an Autonomous/ Teleoperated Control System for a Serpentine Robotic Manipulator	Design , implementation , and machine learning issues associated with developing a control system for a serpentine robotic manipulator are explored . The controller developed provides autonomous control of the serpentine robotic manipulatorduring operation of the manipulator within an enclosed environment such as an underground storage tank . The controller algorithms make use of both low-level joint angle control employing force/position feedback constraints , and high-level coordinated control of end-effector positioning . This approach has resulted in both high-level full robotic control and low-level telerobotic control modes , and provides a high level of dexterity for the operator .
0706.1063	cs.NI cs.DC cs.DS	Small Worlds : Strong Clustering in Wireless Networks	Small-worlds represent efficient communication networks that obey two distinguishing characteristics : a high clustering coefficient together with a small characteristic path length . This paper focuses on an interesting paradox , that removing links in a network can increase the overall clustering coefficient . Reckful Roaming , as introduced in this paper , is a 2-localized algorithm that takes advantage of this paradox in order to selectively remove superfluous links , this way optimizing the clustering coefficient while still retaining a sufficiently small characteristic path length .
0706.1066	cs.CY	Applying Test-Paradigms in a Generic Tutoring System Concept for Web-based Learning	Realizing test scenarios through a tutoring system involve questions about architecture and didactic methods in such a system . Observing the fact that traditional tutoring systems normally are domain-static , this paper shows investigations for a generic domain-independent tutoring system for utilizing test scenarios in computer-based and web-based environments . Furthermore , test paradigms are analyzed and it is presented an approach for realizing functionality for applying test paradigms in the presented generic tutoring system architecture by an XML-specified language .
0706.1080	cs.DC cs.NI	WACA : A Hierarchical Weighted Clustering Algorithm optimized for Mobile Hybrid Networks	Clustering techniques create hierarchal network structures , called clusters , on an otherwise flat network . In a dynamic environment-in terms of node mobility as well as in terms of steadily changing device parameters-the clusterhead election process has to be re-invoked according to a suitable update policy . Cluster re-organization causes additional message exchanges and computational complexity and it execution has to be optimized . Our investigations focus on the problem of minimizing clusterhead re-elections by considering stability criteria . These criteria are based on topological characteristics as well as on device parameters . This paper presents a weighted clustering algorithm optimized to avoid needless clusterhead re-elections for stable clusters in mobile ad-hoc networks . The proposed localized algorithm deals with mobility , but does not require geographical , speed or distances information .
0706.1084	cs.DS	Sublinear Algorithms for Approximating String Compressibility	We raise the question of approximating the compressibility of a string with respect to a fixed compression scheme , in sublinear time . We study this question in detail for two popular lossless compression schemes : run-length encoding ( RLE ) and Lempel-Ziv ( LZ ) , and present sublinear algorithms for approximating compressibility with respect to both schemes . We also give several lower bounds that show that our algorithms for both schemes can not be improved significantly . Our investigation of LZ yields results whose interest goes beyond the initial questions we set out to study . In particular , we prove combinatorial structural lemmas that relate the compressibility of a string with respect to Lempel-Ziv to the number of distinct short substrings contained in it . In addition , we show that approximating the compressibility with respect to LZ is related to approximating the support size of a distribution .
0706.1087	cs.HC cs.CY	On Anomalies in Annotation Systems	Today 's computer-based annotation systems implement a wide range of functionalities that often go beyond those available in traditional paper-and-pencil annotations . Conceptually , annotation systems are based on thoroughly investigated psycho-sociological and pedagogical learning theories . They offer a huge diversity of annotation types that can be placed in textual as well as in multimedia format . Additionally , annotations can be published or shared with a group of interested parties via well-organized repositories . Although highly sophisticated annotation systems exist both conceptually as well as technologically , we still observe that their acceptance is somewhat limited . In this paper , we argue that nowadays annotation systems suffer from several fundamental problems that are inherent in the traditional paper-and-pencil annotation paradigm . As a solution , we propose to shift the annotation paradigm for the implementation of annotation system .
0706.1096	cs.NI	Inquiring the Potential of Evoking Small-World Properties for Self-Organizing Communication Networks	Mobile multi-hop ad hoc networks allow establishing local groups of communicating devices in a self-organizing way . However , in a global setting such networks fail to work properly due to network partitioning . Providing that devices are capable of communicating both locally-e.g . using Wi-Fi or Bluetooth-and additionally also with arbitrary remote devices-e.g . using GSM/UMTS links-the objective is to find efficient ways of inter-linking multiple network partitions . Tackling this problem of topology control , we focus on the class of small-world networks that obey two distinguishing characteristics : they have a strong local clustering while still retaining a small average distance between two nodes . This paper reports on results gained investigating the question if small-world properties are indicative for an efficient link management in multiple multi-hop ad hoc network partitions .
