0709.0099	cs.DM	The road coloring problem	The synchronizing word of deterministic automaton is a word in the alphabet of colors ( considered as letters ) of its edges that maps the automaton to a single state . A coloring of edges of a directed graph is synchronizing if the coloring turns the graph into deterministic finite automaton possessing a synchronizing word . The road coloring problem is a problem of synchronizing coloring of directed finite strongly connected graph with constant outdegree of all its vertices if the greatest common divisor of lengths of all its cycles is one . The problem was posed by Adler , Goodwyn and Weiss over 30 years ago and evoked a noticeable interest among the specialists in theory of graphs , deterministic automata and symbolic dynamics . The problem is described even in `` Wikipedia '' - the popular Internet Encyclopedia . The positive solution of the road coloring problem is presented .
0709.0116	cs.AI cs.CL	On Ultrametric Algorithmic Information	How best to quantify the information of an object , whether natural or artifact , is a problem of wide interest . A related problem is the computability of an object . We present practical examples of a new way to address this problem . By giving an appropriate representation to our objects , based on a hierarchical coding of information , we exemplify how it is remarkably easy to compute complex objects . Our algorithmic complexity is related to the length of the class of objects , rather than to the length of the object .
0709.0124	cs.IT math.IT	High Rate Single-Symbol ML Decodable Precoded DSTBCs for Cooperative Networks	Distributed Orthogonal Space-Time Block Codes ( DOSTBCs ) achieving full diversity order and single-symbol ML decodability have been introduced recently by Yi and Kim for cooperative networks and an upperbound on the maximal rate of such codes along with code constructions has been presented . In this paper , we introduce a new class of Distributed STBCs called Semi-orthogonal Precoded Distributed Single-Symbol Decodable STBCs ( S-PDSSDC ) wherein , the source performs co-ordinate interleaving of information symbols appropriately before transmitting it to all the relays . It is shown that DOSTBCs are a special case of S-PDSSDCs . A special class of S-PDSSDCs having diagonal covariance matrix at the destination is studied and an upperbound on the maximal rate of such codes is derived . The bounds obtained are approximately twice larger than that of the DOSTBCs . A systematic construction of S-PDSSDCs is presented when the number of relays $ K \geq 4 $ . The constructed codes are shown to achieve the upperbound on the rate when $ K $ is of the form 0 or 3 modulo 4 . For the rest of the values of $ K $ , the constructed codes are shown to have rates higher than that of DOSTBCs . It is shown that S-PDSSDCs can not be constructed with any form of linear processing at the relays when the source does n't perform co-ordinate interleaving of the information symbols . Simulation result shows that S-PDSSDCs have better probability of error performance than that of DOSTBCs .
0709.0145	cs.IT math.IT math.PR	Estimating Random Variables from Random Sparse Observations	Let X_1 , ... . , X_n be a collection of iid discrete random variables , and Y_1 , ... , Y_m a set of noisy observations of such variables . Assume each observation Y_a to be a random function of some a random subset of the X_i 's , and consider the conditional distribution of X_i given the observations , namely \mu_i ( x_i ) \equiv\prob\ { X_i=x_i|Y\ } ( a posteriori probability ) . We establish a general relation between the distribution of \mu_i , and the fixed points of the associated density evolution operator . Such relation holds asymptotically in the large system limit , provided the average number of variables an observation depends on is bounded . We discuss the relevance of our result to a number of applications , ranging from sparse graph codes , to multi-user detection , to group testing .
