0707.3665	cs.RO	A Comparative Study of Parallel Kinematic Architectures for Machining Applications	Parallel kinematic mechanisms are interesting alternative designs for machining applications . Three 2-DOF parallel mechanism architectures dedicated to machining applications are studied in this paper . The three mechanisms have two constant length struts gliding along fixed linear actuated joints with different relative orientation . The comparative study is conducted on the basis of a same prescribed Cartesian workspace for the three mechanisms . The common desired workspace properties are a rectangular shape and given kinetostatic performances . The machine size of each resulting design is used as a comparative criterion . The 2-DOF machine mechanisms analyzed in this paper can be extended to 3-axis machines by adding a third joint .
0707.3666	cs.RO	Kinematic Analysis of a New Parallel Machine Tool : the Orthoglide	This paper describes a new parallel kinematic architecture for machining applications : the orthoglide . This machine features three fixed parallel linear joints which are mounted orthogonally and a mobile platform which moves in the Cartesian x-y-z space with fixed orientation . The main interest of the orthoglide is that it takes benefit from the advantages of the popular PPP serial machines ( regular Cartesian workspace shape and uniform performances ) as well as from the parallel kinematic arrangement of the links ( less inertia and better dynamic performances ) , which makes the orthoglide well suited to high-speed machining applications . Possible extension of the orthoglide to 5-axis machining is also investigated .
0707.3670	cs.NI cs.MM	Understanding the Characteristics of Internet Short Video Sharing : YouTube as a Case Study	Established in 2005 , YouTube has become the most successful Internet site providing a new generation of short video sharing service . Today , YouTube alone comprises approximately 20 % of all HTTP traffic , or nearly 10 % of all traffic on the Internet . Understanding the features of YouTube and similar video sharing sites is thus crucial to their sustainable development and to network traffic engineering . In this paper , using traces crawled in a 3-month period , we present an in-depth and systematic measurement study on the characteristics of YouTube videos . We find that YouTube videos have noticeably different statistics compared to traditional streaming videos , ranging from length and access pattern , to their active life span , ratings , and comments . The series of datasets also allows us to identify the growth trend of this fast evolving Internet site in various aspects , which has seldom been explored before . We also look closely at the social networking aspect of YouTube , as this is a key driving force toward its success . In particular , we find that the links to related videos generated by uploaders ' choices form a small-world network . This suggests that the videos have strong correlations with each other , and creates opportunities for developing novel caching or peer-to-peer distribution schemes to efficiently deliver videos to end users .
0707.3672	cs.OH	Products of irreducible random matrices in the ( Max , + ) Algebra	We consider the recursive equation `` x ( n+1 ) =A ( n ) x ( n ) '' where x ( n+1 ) and x ( n ) are column vectors of size k and where A ( n ) is an irreducible random matrix of size k x k. The matrix-vector multiplication in the ( max , + ) algebra is defined by ( A ( n ) x ( n ) ) _i= max_j [ A ( n ) _ { ij } +x ( n ) _j ] . This type of equation can be used to represent the evolution of Stochastic Event Graphs which include cyclic Jackson Networks , some manufacturing models and models with general blocking ( such as Kanban ) . Let us assume that the sequence ( A ( n ) ) _n is i.i.d or more generally stationary and ergodic . The main result of the paper states that the system couples in finite time with a unique stationary regime if and only if there exists a set of matrices C such that P { A ( 0 ) in C } > 0 , and the matrices in C have a unique periodic regime .
0707.3673	cs.RO	The Computation of All 4R Serial Spherical Wrists With an Isotropic Architecture	A spherical wrist of the serial type is said to be isotropic if it can attain a posture whereby the singular values of its Jacobian matrix are all identical and nonzero . What isotropy brings about is robustness to manufacturing , assembly , and measurement errors , thereby guaranteeing a maximum orientation accuracy . In this paper we investigate the existence of redundant isotropic architectures , which should add to the dexterity of the wrist under design by virtue of its extra degree of freedom . The problem formulation leads to a system of eight quadratic equations with eight unknowns . The Bezout number of this system is thus 2^8 = 256 , its BKK bound being 192 . However , the actual number of solutions is shown to be 32 . We list all solutions of the foregoing algebraic problem . All these solutions are real , but distinct solutions do not necessarily lead to distinct manipulators . Upon discarding those algebraic solutions that yield no new wrists , we end up with exactly eight distinct architectures , the eight corresponding manipulators being displayed at their isotropic posture .
0707.3717	cs.NI	GCP : Gossip-based Code Propagation for Large-scale Mobile Wireless Sensor Networks	Wireless sensor networks ( WSN ) have recently received an increasing interest . They are now expected to be deployed for long periods of time , thus requiring software updates . Updating the software code automatically on a huge number of sensors is a tremendous task , as ''by hand '' updates can obviously not be considered , especially when all participating sensors are embedded on mobile entities . In this paper , we investigate an approach to automatically update software in mobile sensor-based application when no localization mechanism is available . We leverage the peer-to-peer cooperation paradigm to achieve a good trade-off between reliability and scalability of code propagation . More specifically , we present the design and evaluation of GCP ( { \emph Gossip-based Code Propagation } ) , a distributed software update algorithm for mobile wireless sensor networks . GCP relies on two different mechanisms ( piggy-backing and forwarding control ) to improve significantly the load balance without sacrificing on the propagation speed . We compare GCP against traditional dissemination approaches . Simulation results based on both synthetic and realistic workloads show that GCP achieves a good convergence speed while balancing the load evenly between sensors .
0707.3732	cs.OH	Further Comments on `` Residue-to-Binary Converters Based on New Chinese Remainder Theorems ''	Ananda Mohan suggested that the first New Chinese Remainder Theorem introduced by Wang can be derived from the constructive proof of the well-known Chinese Remainder Theorem ( CRT ) and claimed that Wang 's approach is the same as the one proposed earlier by Huang . Ananda Mohan 's proof is however erroneous and we show here that Wang 's New CRT I is a rewriting of an algorithm previously sketched by Hitz and Kaltofen .
0707.3781	cs.AI cs.LO	Bijective Faithful Translations among Default Logics	In this article , we study translations between variants of defaults logics such that the extensions of the theories that are the input and the output of the translation are in a bijective correspondence . We assume that a translation can introduce new variables and that the result of translating a theory can either be produced in time polynomial in the size of the theory or its output is polynomial in that size ; we however restrict to the case in which the original theory has extensions . This study fills a gap between two previous pieces of work , one studying bijective translations among restrictions of default logics , and the other one studying non-bijective translations between default logics variants .
0707.3782	cs.LO	Interactive Small-Step Algorithms I : Axiomatization	In earlier work , the Abstract State Machine Thesis -- that arbitrary algorithms are behaviorally equivalent to abstract state machines -- was established for several classes of algorithms , including ordinary , interactive , small-step algorithms . This was accomplished on the basis of axiomatizations of these classes of algorithms . Here we extend the axiomatization and , in a companion paper , the proof , to cover interactive small-step algorithms that are not necessarily ordinary . This means that the algorithms ( 1 ) can complete a step without necessarily waiting for replies to all queries from that step and ( 2 ) can use not only the environment 's replies but also the order in which the replies were received .
0707.3789	cs.LO	Interactive Small-Step Algorithms II : Abstract State Machines and the < br > Characterization Theorem	In earlier work , the Abstract State Machine Thesis -- that arbitrary algorithms are behaviorally equivalent to abstract state machines -- was established for several classes of algorithms , including ordinary , interactive , small-step algorithms . This was accomplished on the basis of axiomatizations of these classes of algorithms . In Part I ( Interactive Small-Step Algorithms I : Axiomatization ) , the axiomatization was extended to cover interactive small-step algorithms that are not necessarily ordinary . This means that the algorithms ( 1 ) can complete a step without necessarily waiting for replies to all queries from that step and ( 2 ) can use not only the environment 's replies but also the order in which the replies were received . In order to prove the thesis for algorithms of this generality , we extend here the definition of abstract state machines to incorporate explicit attention to the relative timing of replies and to the possible absence of replies . We prove the characterization theorem for extended abstract state machines with respect to general algorithms as axiomatized in Part I .
0707.3807	cs.PL	How to be correct , lazy and efficient ?	This paper is an introduction to Lambdix , a lazy Lisp interpreter implemented at the Research Laboratory of Paris XI University ( Laboratoire de Recherche en Informatique , Orsay ) . Lambdix was devised in the course of an investigation into the relationship between the semantics of programming languages and their implementation ; it was used to demonstrate that in the Lisp domain , semantic correctness is consistent with efficiency , contrary to what has often been claimed . The first part of the paper is an overview of well-known semantic difficulties encountered by Lisp as well as an informal presentation of Lambdix ; it is shown that the difficulties which Lisp encouters do not arise in Lambdix . The second part is about efficiency in implementation models . It explains why Lambdix is better suited for lazy evaluation than previous models . The section ends by giving comparative execution time tables .
