0712.0121	cs.GR	Efficient Binary and Run Length Morphology and its Application to Document Image Processing	This paper describes the implementation and evaluation of an open source library for mathematical morphology based on packed binary and run-length compressed images for document imaging applications . Abstractions and patterns useful in the implementation of the interval operations are described . A number of benchmarks and comparisons to bit-blit based implementations on standard document images are provided .
0712.0130	cs.LG	On the Relationship between the Posterior and Optimal Similarity	For a classification problem described by the joint density $ P ( \omega , x ) $ , models of $ P ( \omega\eq\omega'|x , x ' ) $ ( the `` Bayesian similarity measure '' ) have been shown to be an optimal similarity measure for nearest neighbor classification . This paper analyzes demonstrates several additional properties of that conditional distribution . The paper first shows that we can reconstruct , up to class labels , the class posterior distribution $ P ( \omega|x ) $ given $ P ( \omega\eq\omega'|x , x ' ) $ , gives a procedure for recovering the class labels , and gives an asymptotically Bayes-optimal classification procedure . It also shows , given such an optimal similarity measure , how to construct a classifier that outperforms the nearest neighbor classifier and achieves Bayes-optimal classification rates . The paper then analyzes Bayesian similarity in a framework where a classifier faces a number of related classification tasks ( multitask learning ) and illustrates that reconstruction of the class posterior distribution is not possible in general . Finally , the paper identifies a distinct class of classification problems using $ P ( \omega\eq\omega'|x , x ' ) $ and shows that using $ P ( \omega\eq\omega'|x , x ' ) $ to solve those problems is the Bayes optimal solution .
0712.0131	cs.CV	Learning Similarity for Character Recognition and 3D Object Recognition	I describe an approach to similarity motivated by Bayesian methods . This yields a similarity function that is learnable using a standard Bayesian methods . The relationship of the approach to variable kernel and variable metric methods is discussed . The approach is related to variable kernel Experimental results on character recognition and 3D object recognition are presented..
0712.0136	cs.CV	Learning View Generalization Functions	Learning object models from views in 3D visual object recognition is usually formulated either as a function approximation problem of a function describing the view-manifold of an object , or as that of learning a class-conditional density . This paper describes an alternative framework for learning in visual object recognition , that of learning the view-generalization function . Using the view-generalization function , an observer can perform Bayes-optimal 3D object recognition given one or more 2D training views directly , without the need for a separate model acquisition step . The paper shows that view generalization functions can be computationally practical by restating two widely-used methods , the eigenspace and linear combination of views approaches , in a view generalization framework . The paper relates the approach to recent methods for object recognition based on non-uniform blurring . The paper presents results both on simulated 3D `` paperclip '' objects and real-world images from the COIL-100 database showing that useful view-generalization functions can be realistically be learned from a comparatively small number of training examples .
0712.0137	cs.CV	View Based Methods can achieve Bayes-Optimal 3D Recognition	This paper proves that visual object recognition systems using only 2D Euclidean similarity measurements to compare object views against previously seen views can achieve the same recognition performance as observers having access to all coordinate information and able of using arbitrary 3D models internally . Furthermore , it demonstrates that such systems do not require more training views than Bayes-optimal 3D model-based systems . For building computer vision systems , these results imply that using view-based or appearance-based techniques with carefully constructed combination of evidence mechanisms may not be at a disadvantage relative to 3D model-based systems . For computational approaches to human vision , they show that it is impossible to distinguish view-based and 3D model-based techniques for 3D object recognition solely by comparing the performance achievable by human and 3D model-based systems . }
0712.0139	cs.DM	Direct definition of a ternary infinite square-free sequence	We propose a new ternary infinite ( even full-infinite ) square-free sequence . The sequence is defined both by an iterative method and by a direct definition . Both definitions are analogous to those of the Thue-Morse sequence . The direct definition is given by a deterministic finite automaton with output . In short , the sequence is automatic .
0712.0164	cs.LO math.LO	On Decidability Properties of Local Sentences	Local ( first order ) sentences , introduced by Ressayre , enjoy very nice decidability properties , following from some stretching theorems stating some remarkable links between the finite and the infinite model theory of these sentences . We prove here several additional results on local sentences . The first one is a new decidability result in the case of local sentences whose function symbols are at most unary : one can decide , for every regular cardinal k whether a local sentence phi has a model of order type k. Secondly we show that this result can not be extended to the general case . Assuming the consistency of an inaccessible cardinal we prove that the set of local sentences having a model of order type omega_2 is not determined by the axiomatic system ZFC + GCH , where GCH is the generalized continuum hypothesis
0712.0165	cs.CC cs.LO math.LO	On the Accepting Power of 2-Tape B\ '' uchi Automata	We show that , from a topological point of view , 2-tape B\ '' uchi automata have the same accepting power than Turing machines equipped with a B\ '' uchi acceptance condition . In particular , we show that for every non null recursive ordinal alpha , there exist some Sigma^0_alpha-complete and some Pi^0_alpha-complete infinitary rational relations accepted by 2-tape B\ '' uchi automata . This very surprising result gives answers to questions of W. Thomas [ Automata and Quantifier Hierarchies , in : Formal Properties of Finite automata and Applications , Ramatuelle , 1988 , LNCS 386 , Springer , 1989 , p.104-119 ] , of P. Simonnet [ Automates et Th\'eorie Descriptive , Ph . D. Thesis , Universit\'e Paris 7 , March 1992 ] , and of H. Lescow and W. Thomas [ Logical Specifications of Infinite Computations , In : `` A Decade of Concurrency '' , LNCS 803 , Springer , 1994 , p. 583-621 ] .
0712.0171	cs.CC cs.AI cs.DM	A Spectral Approach to Analyzing Belief Propagation for 3-Coloring	Contributing to the rigorous understanding of BP , in this paper we relate the convergence of BP to spectral properties of the graph . This encompasses a result for random graphs with a `` planted '' solution ; thus , we obtain the first rigorous result on BP for graph coloring in the case of a complex graphical structure ( as opposed to trees ) . In particular , the analysis shows how Belief Propagation breaks the symmetry between the $ 3 ! $ possible permutations of the color classes .
