0707.3186	cs.RO	Kinematic and stiffness analysis of the Orthoglide , a PKM with simple , regular workspace and homogeneous performances	The Orthoglide is a Delta-type PKM dedicated to 3-axis rapid machining applications that was originally developed at IRCCyN in 2000-2001 to meet the advantages of both serial 3-axis machines ( regular workspace and homogeneous performances ) and parallel kinematic architectures ( good dynamic performances and stiffness ) . This machine has three fixed parallel linear joints that are mounted orthogonally . The geometric parameters of the Orthoglide were defined as function of the size of a prescribed cubic Cartesian workspace that is free of singularities and internal collision . The interesting features of the Orthoglide are a regular Cartesian workspace shape , uniform performances in all directions and good compactness . In this paper , a new method is proposed to analyze the stiffness of overconstrained Delta-type manipulators , such as the Orthoglide . The Orthoglide is then benchmarked according to geometric , kinematic and stiffness criteria : workspace to footprint ratio , velocity and force transmission factors , sensitivity to geometric errors , torsional stiffness and translational stiffness .
0707.3205	cs.LO cs.AI	Neutrality and Many-Valued Logics	In this book , we consider various many-valued logics : standard , linear , hyperbolic , parabolic , non-Archimedean , p-adic , interval , neutrosophic , etc . We survey also results which show the tree different proof-theoretic frameworks for many-valued logics , e.g . frameworks of the following deductive calculi : Hilbert 's style , sequent , and hypersequent . We present a general way that allows to construct systematically analytic calculi for a large family of non-Archimedean many-valued logics : hyperrational-valued , hyperreal-valued , and p-adic valued logics characterized by a special format of semantics with an appropriate rejection of Archimedes ' axiom . These logics are built as different extensions of standard many-valued logics ( namely , Lukasiewicz 's , Goedel 's , Product , and Post 's logics ) . The informal sense of Archimedes ' axiom is that anything can be measured by a ruler . Also logical multiple-validity without Archimedes ' axiom consists in that the set of truth values is infinite and it is not well-founded and well-ordered . On the base of non-Archimedean valued logics , we construct non-Archimedean valued interval neutrosophic logic INL by which we can describe neutrality phenomena .
0707.3231	cs.DM	Estimation of Small s-t Reliabilities in Acyclic Networks	In the classical s-t network reliability problem a fixed network G is given including two designated vertices s and t ( called terminals ) . The edges are subject to independent random failure , and the task is to compute the probability that s and t are connected in the resulting network , which is known to be # P-complete . In this paper we are interested in approximating the s-t reliability in case of a directed acyclic original network G. We introduce and analyze a specialized version of the Monte-Carlo algorithm given by Karp and Luby . For the case of uniform edge failure probabilities , we give a worst-case bound on the number of samples that have to be drawn to obtain an epsilon-delta approximation , being sharper than the original upper bound . We also derive a variance reduction of the estimator which reduces the expected number of iterations to perform to achieve the desired accuracy when applied in conjunction with different stopping rules . Initial computational results on two types of random networks ( directed acyclic Delaunay graphs and a slightly modified version of a classical random graph ) with up to one million vertices are presented . These results show the advantage of the introduced Monte-Carlo approach compared to direct simulation when small reliabilities have to be estimated and demonstrate its applicability on large-scale instances .
0707.3236	cs.OH	RS-232 Led Board	This article demonstrates how to develop a Microchip PIC16F84 based device that supports RS-232 interface with PC . Circuit ( LED Board ) design and software development will be discussed . PicBasic Pro Compiler from microEngineering Labs , Inc. is used for PIC programming . Development of LED Board Control Console using C/C++ is also briefly discussed . The project requires basic work experience with Microchip PICs , serial communication and programming .
