0709.3639	cs.LG stat.AP	Fast Selection of Spectral Variables with B-Spline Compression	The large number of spectral variables in most data sets encountered in spectral chemometrics often renders the prediction of a dependent variable uneasy . The number of variables hopefully can be reduced , by using either projection techniques or selection methods ; the latter allow for the interpretation of the selected variables . Since the optimal approach of testing all possible subsets of variables with the prediction model is intractable , an incremental selection approach using a nonparametric statistics is a good option , as it avoids the computationally intensive use of the model itself . It has two drawbacks however : the number of groups of variables to test is still huge , and colinearities can make the results unstable . To overcome these limitations , this paper presents a method to select groups of spectral variables . It consists in a forward-backward procedure applied to the coefficients of a B-Spline representation of the spectra . The criterion used in the forward-backward procedure is the mutual information , allowing to find nonlinear dependencies between variables , on the contrary of the generally used correlation . The spline representation is used to get interpretability of the results , as groups of consecutive spectral variables will be selected . The experiments conducted on NIR spectra from fescue grass and diesel fuels show that the method provides clearly identified groups of selected variables , making interpretation easy , while keeping a low computational load . The prediction performances obtained using the selected coefficients are higher than those obtained by the same method applied directly to the original variables and similar to those obtained using traditional models , although using significantly less spectral variables .
0709.3640	cs.LG stat.AP	Resampling methods for parameter-free and robust feature selection with mutual information	Combining the mutual information criterion with a forward feature selection strategy offers a good trade-off between optimality of the selected feature subset and computation time . However , it requires to set the parameter ( s ) of the mutual information estimator and to determine when to halt the forward procedure . These two choices are difficult to make because , as the dimensionality of the subset increases , the estimation of the mutual information becomes less and less reliable . This paper proposes to use resampling methods , a K-fold cross-validation and the permutation test , to address both issues . The resampling methods bring information about the variance of the estimator , information which can then be used to automatically set the parameter and to calculate a threshold to stop the forward procedure . The procedure is illustrated on a synthetic dataset as well as on real-world examples .
0709.3641	cs.NE	Representation of Functional Data in Neural Networks	Functional Data Analysis ( FDA ) is an extension of traditional data analysis to functional data , for example spectra , temporal series , spatio-temporal images , gesture recognition data , etc . Functional data are rarely known in practice ; usually a regular or irregular sampling is known . For this reason , some processing is needed in order to benefit from the smooth character of functional data in the analysis methods . This paper shows how to extend the Radial-Basis Function Networks ( RBFN ) and Multi-Layer Perceptron ( MLP ) models to functional data inputs , in particular when the latter are known through lists of input-output pairs . Various possibilities for functional processing are discussed , including the projection on smooth bases , Functional Principal Component Analysis , functional centering and reduction , and the use of differential operators . It is shown how to incorporate these functional processing into the RBFN and MLP models . The functional approach is illustrated on a benchmark of spectrometric data analysis .
0709.3642	cs.NE	Functional Multi-Layer Perceptron : a Nonlinear Tool for Functional Data Analysis	In this paper , we study a natural extension of Multi-Layer Perceptrons ( MLP ) to functional inputs . We show that fundamental results for classical MLP can be extended to functional MLP . We obtain universal approximation results that show the expressive power of functional MLP is comparable to that of numerical MLP . We obtain consistency results which imply that the estimation of optimal parameters for functional MLP is statistically well defined . We finally show on simulated and real world data that the proposed model performs in a very satisfactory way .
0709.3753	cs.IT cs.MA math.IT math.OC math.PR	On Real-Time Communication Systems with Noisy Feedback	We consider a real-time communication system with noisy feedback consisting of a Markov source , a forward and a backward discrete memoryless channels , and a receiver with finite memory . The objective is to design an optimal communication strategy ( that is , encoding , decoding , and memory update strategies ) to minimize the total expected distortion over a finite horizon . We present a sequential decomposition for the problem , which results in a set of nested optimality equations to determine optimal communication strategies . This provides a systematic methodology to determine globally optimal joint source-channel encoding and decoding strategies for real-time communication systems with noisy feedback .
