0705.1750	cs.DS	A Tighter Analysis of Setcover Greedy Algorithm for Test Set	Setcover greedy algorithm is a natural approximation algorithm for test set problem . This paper gives a precise and tighter analysis of performance guarantee of this algorithm . The author improves the performance guarantee $ 2\ln n $ which derives from set cover problem to $ 1.1354\ln n $ by applying the potential function technique . In addition , the author gives a nontrivial lower bound $ 1.0004609\ln n $ of performance guarantee of this algorithm . This lower bound , together with the matching bound of information content heuristic , confirms the fact information content heuristic is slightly better than setcover greedy algorithm in worst case .
0705.1757	cs.MA	Scalability and Optimisation of a Committee of Agents Using Genetic Algorithm	A population of committees of agents that learn by using neural networks is implemented to simulate the stock market . Each committee of agents , which is regarded as a player in a game , is optimised by continually adapting the architecture of the agents using genetic algorithms . The committees of agents buy and sell stocks by following this procedure : ( 1 ) obtain the current price of stocks ; ( 2 ) predict the future price of stocks ; ( 3 ) and for a given price trade until all the players are mutually satisfied . The trading of stocks is conducted by following these rules : ( 1 ) if a player expects an increase in price then it tries to buy the stock ; ( 2 ) else if it expects a drop in the price , it sells the stock ; ( 3 ) and the order in which a player participates in the game is random . The proposed procedure is implemented to simulate trading of three stocks , namely , the Dow Jones , the Nasdaq and the S & P 500 . A linear relationship between the number of players and agents versus the computational time to run the complete simulation is observed . It is also found that no player has a monopolistic advantage .
0705.1759	cs.CE	Finite Element Model Updating Using Response Surface Method	This paper proposes the response surface method for finite element model updating . The response surface method is implemented by approximating the finite element model surface response equation by a multi-layer perceptron . The updated parameters of the finite element model were calculated using genetic algorithm by optimizing the surface response equation . The proposed method was compared to the existing methods that use simulated annealing or genetic algorithm together with a full finite element model for finite element model updating . The proposed method was tested on an unsymmetri-cal H-shaped structure . It was observed that the proposed method gave the updated natural frequen-cies and mode shapes that were of the same order of accuracy as those given by simulated annealing and genetic algorithm . Furthermore , it was observed that the response surface method achieved these results at a computational speed that was more than 2.5 times as fast as the genetic algorithm and a full finite element model and 24 times faster than the simulated annealing .
0705.1760	cs.CE cs.NE	Dynamic Model Updating Using Particle Swarm Optimization Method	This paper proposes the use of particle swarm optimization method ( PSO ) for finite element ( FE ) model updating . The PSO method is compared to the existing methods that use simulated annealing ( SA ) or genetic algorithms ( GA ) for FE model for model updating . The proposed method is tested on an unsymmetrical H-shaped structure . It is observed that the proposed method gives updated natural frequencies the most accurate and followed by those given by an updated model that was obtained using the GA and a full FE model . It is also observed that the proposed method gives updated mode shapes that are best correlated to the measured ones , followed by those given by an updated model that was obtained using the SA and a full FE model . Furthermore , it is observed that the PSO achieves this accuracy at a computational speed that is faster than that by the GA and a full FE model which is faster than the SA and a full FE model .
0705.1761	cs.CY	Modeling and Controlling Interstate Conflict	Bayesian neural networks were used to model the relationship between input parameters , Democracy , Allies , Contingency , Distance , Capability , Dependency and Major Power , and the output parameter which is either peace or conflict . The automatic relevance determination was used to rank the importance of input variables . Control theory approach was used to identify input variables that would give a peaceful outcome . It was found that using all four controllable variables Democracy , Allies , Capability and Dependency ; or using only Dependency or only Capabilities avoids all the predicted conflicts .
0705.1788	cs.IT cs.GT math.IT	A Game-Theoretic Approach to Energy-Efficient Modulation in CDMA Networks with Delay QoS Constraints	A game-theoretic framework is used to study the effect of constellation size on the energy efficiency of wireless networks for M-QAM modulation . A non-cooperative game is proposed in which each user seeks to choose its transmit power ( and possibly transmit symbol rate ) as well as the constellation size in order to maximize its own utility while satisfying its delay quality-of-service ( QoS ) constraint . The utility function used here measures the number of reliable bits transmitted per joule of energy consumed , and is particularly suitable for energy-constrained networks . The best-response strategies and Nash equilibrium solution for the proposed game are derived . It is shown that in order to maximize its utility ( in bits per joule ) , a user must choose the lowest constellation size that can accommodate the user 's delay constraint . This strategy is different from one that would maximize spectral efficiency . Using this framework , the tradeoffs among energy efficiency , delay , throughput and constellation size are also studied and quantified . In addition , the effect of trellis-coded modulation on energy efficiency is discussed .
0705.1789	cs.IT cs.CR math.IT	Random Linear Network Coding : A free cipher ?	We consider the level of information security provided by random linear network coding in network scenarios in which all nodes comply with the communication protocols yet are assumed to be potential eavesdroppers ( i.e . `` nice but curious '' ) . For this setup , which differs from wiretapping scenarios considered previously , we develop a natural algebraic security criterion , and prove several of its key properties . A preliminary analysis of the impact of network topology on the overall network coding security , in particular for complete directed acyclic graphs , is also included .
