0708.4075	cs.CC	Graph Isomorphism is PSPACE-complete	Combining the the results of A.R . Meyer and L.J . Stockmeyer `` The Equivalence Problem for Regular Expressions with Squaring Requires Exponential Space '' , and K.S . Booth `` Isomorphism testing for graphs , semigroups , and finite automata are polynomiamlly equivalent problems '' shows that graph isomorphism is PSPACE-complete .
0708.4082	cs.HC	Aides en ligne \`a l'utilisation de logiciels grand public : probl\`emes sp\'ecifiques de conception et solutions potentielles	The observation that novice users seldom consult online help was made over twenty years ago . This observation still holds nowadays , although online help to the use of software for the general public has greatly improved in usability during this period . The paper first demonstrates the necessity of online help to the use of new software whatever the transparency of the user interface , as whether online help systems are meant to compensate for interface design weaknesses or actually do provide necessary assistance to the discovery of a new software package functionalities is still an unsolved issue . The discussion relies on results of empirical and experimental studies and theoretical arguments . In the second part , we analyse the specific difficulties raised by the design of effective online help systems for current software intended for the general public so as to try and understand the reluctance of novice users to use online help . In the last part , we present and discuss the possible contributions of various approaches to solving this issue . Recent interaction paradigms and techniques are considered , such as , static and dynamic personalisation , contextual online help and new forms of multimodality .
0708.4149	cs.NA cs.IR	On the complexity of nonnegative matrix factorization	Nonnegative matrix factorization ( NMF ) has become a prominent technique for the analysis of image databases , text databases and other information retrieval and clustering applications . In this report , we define an exact version of NMF . Then we establish several results about exact NMF : ( 1 ) that it is equivalent to a problem in polyhedral combinatorics ; ( 2 ) that it is NP-hard ; and ( 3 ) that a polynomial-time local search heuristic exists .
0708.4164	cs.IT math.IT	Asymptotic improvement of the Gilbert-Varshamov bound for linear codes	The Gilbert-Varshamov bound states that the maximum size A_2 ( n , d ) of a binary code of length n and minimum distance d satisfies A_2 ( n , d ) > = 2^n/V ( n , d-1 ) where V ( n , d ) stands for the volume of a Hamming ball of radius d. Recently Jiang and Vardy showed that for binary non-linear codes this bound can be improved to A_2 ( n , d ) > = cn2^n/V ( n , d-1 ) for c a constant and d/n < = 0.499 . In this paper we show that certain asymptotic families of linear binary [ n , n/2 ] random double circulant codes satisfy the same improved Gilbert-Varshamov bound .
0708.4170	cs.AI cs.CC cs.LO	Raising a Hardness Result	This article presents a technique for proving problems hard for classes of the polynomial hierarchy or for PSPACE . The rationale of this technique is that some problem restrictions are able to simulate existential or universal quantifiers . If this is the case , reductions from Quantified Boolean Formulae ( QBF ) to these restrictions can be transformed into reductions from QBFs having one more quantifier in the front . This means that a proof of hardness of a problem at level n in the polynomial hierarchy can be split into n separate proofs , which may be simpler than a proof directly showing a reduction from a class of QBFs to the considered problem .
0708.4214	cs.IT math.IT	High Rate Single-Symbol Decodable Precoded DSTBCs for Cooperative Networks	Distributed Orthogonal Space-Time Block Codes ( DOSTBCs ) achieving full diversity order and single-symbol ML decodability have been introduced recently for cooperative networks and an upper-bound on the maximal rate of such codes along with code constructions has been presented . In this report , we introduce a new class of Distributed STBCs called Semi-orthogonal Precoded Distributed Single-Symbol Decodable STBCs ( S-PDSSDC ) wherein , the source performs co-ordinate interleaving of information symbols appropriately before transmitting it to all the relays . It is shown that DOSTBCs are a special case of S-PDSSDCs . A special class of S-PDSSDCs having diagonal covariance matrix at the destination is studied and an upper bound on the maximal rate of such codes is derived . The bounds obtained are approximately twice larger than that of the DOSTBCs . A systematic construction of S-PDSSDCs is presented when the number of relays $ K \geq 4 $ . The constructed codes are shown to achieve the upper-bound on the rate when $ K $ is of the form 0 modulo 4 or 3 modulo 4 . For the rest of the values of $ K $ , the constructed codes are shown to have rates higher than that of DOSTBCs . It is also shown that S-PDSSDCs can not be constructed with any form of linear processing at the relays when the source does n't perform co-ordinate interleaving of the information symbols .
0708.4219	cs.IT math.IT	Secure Transmission with Multiple Antennas : The MISOME Wiretap Channel	The role of multiple antennas for secure communication is investigated within the framework of Wyner 's wiretap channel . We characterize the secrecy capacity in terms of generalized eigenvalues when the sender and eavesdropper have multiple antennas , the intended receiver has a single antenna , and the channel matrices are fixed and known to all the terminals , and show that a beamforming strategy is capacity-achieving . In addition , we show that in the high signal-to-noise ( SNR ) ratio regime the penalty for not knowing eavesdropper's channel is small -- a simple `` secure space-time code '' that can be thought of as masked beamforming and radiates power isotropically attains near-optimal performance . In the limit of large number of antennas , we obtain a realization-independent characterization of the secrecy capacity as a function of the number $ \beta $ : the number of eavesdropper antennas per sender antenna . We show that the eavesdropper is comparatively ineffective when $ \beta < 1 $ , but that for $ \beta\ge2 $ the eavesdropper can drive the secrecy capacity to zero , thereby blocking secure communication to the intended receiver . Extensions to ergodic fading channels are also provided .
