0708.0603	cs.DC cs.CY	Public Cluster : parallel machine with multi-block approach	We introduce a new approach to enable an open and public parallel machine which is accessible for multi users with multi jobs belong to different blocks running at the same time . The concept is required especially for parallel machines which are dedicated for public use as implemented at the LIPI Public Cluster . We have deployed the simplest technique by running multi daemons of parallel processing engine with different configuration files specified for each user assigned to access the system , and also developed an integrated system to fully control and monitor the whole system over web . A brief performance analysis is also given for Message Parsing Interface ( MPI ) engine . It is shown that the proposed approach is quite reliable and affect the whole performances only slightly .
0708.0604	cs.CY	Introducing OPTO : Portal for Optical Communities in Indonesia	Since January 1 , 2005 we have launched `` OPTO '' Portal , a website dedicated to optical communities in Indonesia . The address of this portal is http : //www.opto.lipi.go.id and is self-supporting managed and not for commercial purposes . Our aims in launching this portal are to benefit Internet facility in increasing the communities ' scientific activity ; to provide an online reference in Indonesian language for optics-based science and technology subjects ; as well as to pioneer the communities ' online activities with real impacts and benefits for our society . We will describe in the paper the features of this portal that can be utilized by all individuals or members of optical communities to store and share information and to build networks or partnership as well . We realized that this portal is still not popular and most of our aims are still not reached . This conference should be a good place for all of us to collaborate to properly utilize this portal for the advantages to the optical communities in Indonesia and our society at large .
0708.0605	cs.DC cs.CY	Open and Free Cluster for Public	We introduce the LIPI Public Cluster , the first parallel machine facility fully open for public and for free in Indonesia and surrounding countries . In this paper , we focus on explaining our globally new concept on open cluster , and how to realize and manage it to meet the users needs . We show that after 2 years trial running and several upgradings , the Public Cluster performs well and is able to fulfil all requirements as expected .
0708.0607	cs.DC cs.RO	Real-time control and monitoring system for LIPI 's Public Cluster	We have developed a monitoring and control system for LIPI 's Public Cluster . The system consists of microcontrollers and full web-based user interfaces for daily operation . It is argued that , due to its special natures , the cluster requires fully dedicated and self developed control and monitoring system . We discuss the implementation of using parallel port and dedicated micro-controller for this purpose . We also show that integrating such systems enables an autonomous control system based on the real time monitoring , for instance an autonomous power supply control based on the actual temperature , etc .
0708.0608	cs.DC	Resource Allocation in Public Cluster with Extended Optimization Algorithm	We introduce an optimization algorithm for resource allocation in the LIPI Public Cluster to optimize its usage according to incoming requests from users . The tool is an extended and modified genetic algorithm developed to match specific natures of public cluster . We present a detail analysis of optimization , and compare the results with the exact calculation . We show that it would be very useful and could realize an automatic decision making system for public clusters .
0708.0624	cs.NI cs.DC	ADS-Directory Services for Mobile Ad-Hoc Networks Based on an Information Market Model	Ubiquitous computing based on small mobile devices using wireless communication links is becoming very attractive . The computational power and storage capacities provided allow the execution of sophisticated applications . Due to the fact that sharing of information is a central problem for distributed applications , the development of self organizing middleware services providing high level interfaces for information managing is essential . ADS is a directory service for mobile ad-hoc networks dealing with local and nearby information as well as providing access to distant information . The approach discussed throughout this paper is based upon the concept of information markets .
0708.0627	cs.NI cs.DC	ADS as Information Management Service in an M-Learning Environment	Leveraging the potential power of even small handheld devices able to communicate wirelessly requires dedicated support . In particular , collaborative applications need sophisticated assistance in terms of querying and exchanging different kinds of data . Using a concrete example from the domain of mobile learning , the general need for information dissemination is motivated . Subsequently , and driven by infrastructural conditions , realization strategies of an appropriate middleware service are discussed .
0708.0648	cs.IT math.IT	Auction-Based Distributed Resource Allocation for Cooperation Transmission in Wireless Networks	Cooperative transmission can greatly improve communication system performance by taking advantage of the broadcast nature of wireless channels . Most previous work on resource allocation for cooperation transmission is based on centralized control . In this paper , we propose two share auction mechanisms , the SNR auction and the power auction , to distributively coordinate the resource allocation among users . We prove the existence , uniqueness and effectiveness of the auction results . In particular , the SNR auction leads to a fair resource allocation among users , and the power auction achieves a solution that is close to the efficient allocation .
