0706.3523	cs.LO cs.CC math.LO	There Exist some Omega-Powers of Any Borel Rank	Omega-powers of finitary languages are languages of infinite words ( omega-languages ) in the form V^omega , where V is a finitary language over a finite alphabet X . They appear very naturally in the characterizaton of regular or context-free omega-languages . Since the set of infinite words over a finite alphabet X can be equipped with the usual Cantor topology , the question of the topological complexity of omega-powers of finitary languages naturally arises and has been posed by Niwinski ( 1990 ) , Simonnet ( 1992 ) and Staiger ( 1997 ) . It has been recently proved that for each integer n > 0 , there exist some omega-powers of context free languages which are Pi^0_n-complete Borel sets , that there exists a context free language L such that L^omega is analytic but not Borel , and that there exists a finitary language V such that V^omega is a Borel set of infinite rank . But it was still unknown which could be the possible infinite Borel ranks of omega-powers . We fill this gap here , proving the following very surprising result which shows that omega-powers exhibit a great topological complexity : for each non-null countable ordinal alpha , there exist some Sigma^0_alpha-complete omega-powers , and some Pi^0_alpha-complete omega-powers .
0706.3565	cs.DS	Experimental Algorithm for the Maximum Independent Set Problem	We develop an experimental algorithm for the exact solving of the maximum independent set problem . The algorithm consecutively finds the maximal independent sets of vertices in an arbitrary undirected graph such that the next such set contains more elements than the preceding one . For this purpose , we use a technique , developed by Ford and Fulkerson for the finite partially ordered sets , in particular , their method for partition of a poset into the minimum number of chains with finding the maximum antichain . In the process of solving , a special digraph is constructed , and a conjecture is formulated concerning properties of such digraph . This allows to offer of the solution algorithm . Its theoretical estimation of running time equals to is $ O ( n^ { 8 } ) $ , where $ n $ is the number of graph vertices . The offered algorithm was tested by a program on random graphs . The testing the confirms correctness of the algorithm .
0706.3639	cs.AI	A Collection of Definitions of Intelligence	This paper is a survey of a large number of informal definitions of `` intelligence '' that the authors have collected over the years . Naturally , compiling a complete list would be impossible as many definitions of intelligence are buried deep inside articles and books . Nevertheless , the 70-odd definitions presented here are , to the authors ' knowledge , the largest and most well referenced collection there is .
0706.3679	cs.LG	Scale-sensitive Psi-dimensions : the Capacity Measures for Classifiers Taking Values in R^Q	Bounds on the risk play a crucial role in statistical learning theory . They usually involve as capacity measure of the model studied the VC dimension or one of its extensions . In classification , such `` VC dimensions '' exist for models taking values in { 0 , 1 } , { 1 , ... , Q } and R. We introduce the generalizations appropriate for the missing case , the one of models with values in R^Q . This provides us with a new guaranteed risk for M-SVMs which appears superior to the existing one .
0706.3710	cs.IT math.IT	Optimal Constellations for the Low SNR Noncoherent MIMO Block Rayleigh Fading Channel	Reliable communication over the discrete-input/continuous-output noncoherent multiple-input multiple-output ( MIMO ) Rayleigh block fading channel is considered when the signal-to-noise ratio ( SNR ) per degree of freedom is low . Two key problems are posed and solved to obtain the optimum discrete input . In both problems , the average and peak power per space-time slot of the input constellation are constrained . In the first one , the peak power to average power ratio ( PPAPR ) of the input constellation is held fixed , while in the second problem , the peak power is fixed independently of the average power . In the first PPAPR-constrained problem , the mutual information , which grows as O ( SNR^2 ) , is maximized up to second order in SNR . In the second peak-constrained problem , where the mutual information behaves as O ( SNR ) , the structure of constellations that are optimal up to first order , or equivalently , that minimize energy/bit , are explicitly characterized . Furthermore , among constellations that are first-order optimal , those that maximize the mutual information up to second order , or equivalently , the wideband slope , are characterized . In both PPAPR-constrained and peak-constrained problems , the optimal constellations are obtained in closed-form as solutions to non-convex optimizations , and interestingly , they are found to be identical . Due to its special structure , the common solution is referred to as Space Time Orthogonal Rank one Modulation , or STORM . In both problems , it is seen that STORM provides a sharp characterization of the behavior of noncoherent MIMO capacity .
0706.3752	cs.IT cs.CR math.IT	Secure Nested Codes for Type II Wiretap Channels	This paper considers the problem of secure coding design for a type II wiretap channel , where the main channel is noiseless and the eavesdropper channel is a general binary-input symmetric-output memoryless channel . The proposed secure error-correcting code has a nested code structure . Two secure nested coding schemes are studied for a type II Gaussian wiretap channel . The nesting is based on cosets of a good code sequence for the first scheme and on cosets of the dual of a good code sequence for the second scheme . In each case , the corresponding achievable rate-equivocation pair is derived based on the threshold behavior of good code sequences . The two secure coding schemes together establish an achievable rate-equivocation region , which almost covers the secrecy capacity-equivocation region in this case study . The proposed secure coding scheme is extended to a type II binary symmetric wiretap channel . A new achievable perfect secrecy rate , which improves upon the previously reported result by Thangaraj et al. , is derived for this channel .
