0704.1068	cs.NI cs.DS	Fast paths in large-scale dynamic road networks	Efficiently computing fast paths in large scale dynamic road networks ( where dynamic traffic information is known over a part of the network ) is a practical problem faced by several traffic information service providers who wish to offer a realistic fast path computation to GPS terminal enabled vehicles . The heuristic solution method we propose is based on a highway hierarchy-based shortest path algorithm for static large-scale networks ; we maintain a static highway hierarchy and perform each query on the dynamically evaluated network .
0704.1070	cs.IT cs.PF math.IT	Differential Diversity Reception of MDPSK over Independent Rayleigh Channels with Nonidentical Branch Statistics and Asymmetric Fading Spectrum	This paper is concerned with optimum diversity receiver structure and its performance analysis of differential phase shift keying ( DPSK ) with differential detection over nonselective , independent , nonidentically distributed , Rayleigh fading channels . The fading process in each branch is assumed to have an arbitrary Doppler spectrum with arbitrary Doppler bandwidth , but to have distinct , asymmetric fading power spectral density characteristic . Using 8-DPSK as an example , the average bit error probability ( BEP ) of the optimum diversity receiver is obtained by calculating the BEP for each of the three individual bits . The BEP results derived are given in exact , explicit , closed-form expressions which show clearly the behavior of the performance as a function of various system parameters .
0704.1158	cs.CY cs.IR physics.soc-ph	Novelty and Collective Attention	The subject of collective attention is central to an information age where millions of people are inundated with daily messages . It is thus of interest to understand how attention to novel items propagates and eventually fades among large populations . We have analyzed the dynamics of collective attention among one million users of an interactive website -- \texttt { digg.com } -- devoted to thousands of novel news stories . The observations can be described by a dynamical model characterized by a single novelty factor . Our measurements indicate that novelty within groups decays with a stretched-exponential law , suggesting the existence of a natural time scale over which attention fades .
