0709.0355	cs.CE cs.NA	Solution of moving-boundary problems by the spectral element method	This paper describes a novel numerical model aiming at solving moving-boundary problems such as free-surface flows or fluid-structure interaction . This model uses a moving-grid technique to solve the Navier -- Stokes equations expressed in the arbitrary Lagrangian -- Eulerian kinematics . The discretization in space is based on the spectral element method . The coupling of the fluid equations and the moving-grid equations is essentially done through the conditions on the moving boundaries . Two- and three-dimensional simulations are presented : translation and rotation of a cylinder in a fluid , and large-amplitude sloshing in a rectangular tank . The accuracy and robustness of the present numerical model is studied and discussed .
0709.0367	cs.CC	Relationship between clustering and algorithmic phase transitions in the random k-XORSAT model and its NP-complete extensions	We study the performances of stochastic heuristic search algorithms on Uniquely Extendible Constraint Satisfaction Problems with random inputs . We show that , for any heuristic preserving the Poissonian nature of the underlying instance , the ( heuristic-dependent ) largest ratio $ \alpha_a $ of constraints per variables for which a search algorithm is likely to find solutions is smaller than the critical ratio $ \alpha_d $ above which solutions are clustered and highly correlated . In addition we show that the clustering ratio can be reached when the number k of variables per constraints goes to infinity by the so-called Generalized Unit Clause heuristic .
0709.0370	cs.HC	An Integrated Simulation System for Human Factors Study	It has been reported that virtual reality can be a useful tool for ergonomics study . The proposed integrated simulation system aims at measuring operator's performance in an interactive way for 2D control panel design . By incorporating some sophisticated virtual reality hardware/software , the system allows natural human-system and/or human-human interaction in a simulated virtual environment ; enables dynamic objective measurement of human performance ; and evaluates the quality of the system design in human factors perspective based on the measurement . It can also be for operation training for some 2D control panels .
0709.0409	cs.RO	A DH-parameter based condition for 3R orthogonal manipulators to have 4 distinct inverse kinematic solutions	Positioning 3R manipulators may have two or four inverse kinematic solutions ( IKS ) . This paper derives a necessary and sufficient condition for 3R positioning manipulators with orthogonal joint axes to have four distinct IKS . We show that the transition between manipulators with 2 and 4 IKS is defined by the set of manipulators with a quadruple root of their inverse kinematics . The resulting condition is explicit and states that the last link length of the manipulator must be greater than a quantity that depends on three of its remaining DH-parameters . This result is of interest for the design of new manipulators .
0709.0426	cs.HC	Do oral messages help visual search ?	A preliminary experimental study is presented , that aims at eliciting the contribution of oral messages to facilitating visual search tasks on crowded visual displays . Results of quantitative and qualitative analyses suggest that appropriate verbal messages can improve both target selection time and accuracy . In particular , multimodal messages including a visual presentation of the isolated target together with absolute spatial oral information on its location in the displayed scene seem most effective . These messages also got top-ranking ratings from most subjects .
0709.0428	cs.HC	Oral messages improve visual search	Input multimodality combining speech and hand gestures has motivated numerous usability studies . Contrastingly , issues relating to the design and ergonomic evaluation of multimodal output messages combining speech with visual modalities have not yet been addressed extensively . The experimental study presented here addresses one of these issues . Its aim is to assess the actual efficiency and usability of oral system messages including brief spatial information for helping users to locate objects on crowded displays rapidly . Target presentation mode , scene spatial structure and task difficulty were chosen as independent variables . Two conditions were defined : the visual target presentation mode ( VP condition ) and the multimodal target presentation mode ( MP condition ) . Each participant carried out two blocks of visual search tasks ( 120 tasks per block , and one block per condition ) . Scene target presentation mode , scene structure and task difficulty were found to be significant factors . Multimodal target presentation proved to be more efficient than visual target presentation . In addition , participants expressed very positive judgments on multimodal target presentations which were preferred to visual presentations by a majority of participants . Besides , the contribution of spatial messages to visual search speed and accuracy was influenced by scene spatial structure and task difficulty : ( i ) messages improved search efficiency to a lesser extent for 2D array layouts than for some other symmetrical layouts , although the use of 2D arrays for displaying pictures is currently prevailing ; ( ii ) message usefulness increased with task difficulty . Most of these results are statistically significant .
0709.0435	cs.GT	A Generic Approach to Coalition Formation	We propose an abstract approach to coalition formation that focuses on simple merge and split rules transforming partitions of a group of players . We identify conditions under which every iteration of these rules yields a unique partition . The main conceptual tool is a specific notion of a stable partition . The results are parametrized by a preference relation between partitions of a group of players and naturally apply to coalitional TU-games , hedonic games and exchange economy games .
0709.0446	cs.LO	Logic Column 19 : Symbolic Model Checking for Temporal-Epistemic Logics	This article surveys some of the recent work in verification of temporal epistemic logic via symbolic model checking , focusing on OBDD-based and SAT-based approaches for epistemic logics built on discrete and real-time branching time temporal logics .
0709.0509	cs.LG cs.GL	Filtering Additive Measurement Noise with Maximum Entropy in the Mean	The purpose of this note is to show how the method of maximum entropy in the mean ( MEM ) may be used to improve parametric estimation when the measurements are corrupted by large level of noise . The method is developed in the context on a concrete example : that of estimation of the parameter in an exponential distribution . We compare the performance of our method with the bayesian and maximum likelihood approaches .
0709.0516	cs.GT	Competition in Wireless Systems via Bayesian Interference Games	We study competition between wireless devices with incomplete information about their opponents . We model such interactions as Bayesian interference games . Each wireless device selects a power profile over the entire available bandwidth to maximize its data rate . Such competitive models represent situations in which several wireless devices share spectrum without any central authority or coordinated protocol . In contrast to games where devices have complete information about their opponents , we consider scenarios where the devices are unaware of the interference they cause to other devices . Such games , which are modeled as Bayesian games , can exhibit significantly different equilibria . We first consider a simple scenario of simultaneous move games , where we show that the unique Bayes-Nash equilibrium is where both devices spread their power equally across the entire bandwidth . We then extend this model to a two-tiered spectrum sharing case where users act sequentially . Here one of the devices , called the primary user , is the owner of the spectrum and it selects its power profile first . The second device ( called the secondary user ) then responds by choosing a power profile to maximize its Shannon capacity . In such sequential move games , we show that there exist equilibria in which the primary user obtains a higher data rate by using only a part of the bandwidth . In a repeated Bayesian interference game , we show the existence of reputation effects : an informed primary user can bluff to prevent spectrum usage by a secondary user who suffers from lack of information about the channel gains . The resulting equilibrium can be highly inefficient , suggesting that competitive spectrum sharing is highly suboptimal .
0709.0518	cs.IT math.IT	Rate Regions for the Partially-Cooperative Relay Broadcast Channel with Non-causal Side Information	In this work , we consider a partially cooperative relay broadcast channel ( PC-RBC ) controlled by random parameters . We provide rate regions for two different situations : 1 ) when side information ( SI ) S^n on the random parameters is non-causally known at both the source and the relay and , 2 ) when side information S^n is non-causally known at the source only . These achievable regions are derived for the general discrete memoryless case first and then extended to the case when the channel is degraded Gaussian and the SI is additive i.i.d . Gaussian . In this case , the source uses generalized dirty paper coding ( GDPC ) , i.e. , DPC combined with partial state cancellation , when only the source is informed , and DPC alone when both the source and the relay are informed . It appears that , even though it can not completely eliminate the effect of the SI ( in contrast to the case of source and relay being informed ) , GDPC is particularly useful when only the source is informed .
0709.0522	cs.AI	Qualitative Belief Conditioning Rules ( QBCR )	In this paper we extend the new family of ( quantitative ) Belief Conditioning Rules ( BCR ) recently developed in the Dezert-Smarandache Theory ( DSmT ) to their qualitative counterpart for belief revision . Since the revision of quantitative as well as qualitative belief assignment given the occurrence of a new event ( the conditioning constraint ) can be done in many possible ways , we present here only what we consider as the most appealing Qualitative Belief Conditioning Rules ( QBCR ) which allow to revise the belief directly with words and linguistic labels and thus avoids the introduction of ad-hoc translations of quantitative beliefs into quantitative ones for solving the problem .
