0709.1647	cs.CG	Unfolding Restricted Convex Caps	This paper details an algorithm for unfolding a class of convex polyhedra , where each polyhedron in the class consists of a convex cap over a rectangular base , with several restrictions : the cap 's faces are quadrilaterals , with vertices over an underlying integer lattice , and such that the cap convexity is `` radially monotone , '' a type of smoothness constraint . Extensions of Cauchy's arm lemma are used in the proof of non-overlap .
0709.1667	cs.AI cond-mat.dis-nn cond-mat.stat-mech cs.CC	Solving Constraint Satisfaction Problems through Belief Propagation-guided decimation	Message passing algorithms have proved surprisingly successful in solving hard constraint satisfaction problems on sparse random graphs . In such applications , variables are fixed sequentially to satisfy the constraints . Message passing is run after each step . Its outcome provides an heuristic to make choices at next step . This approach has been referred to as `decimation , ' with reference to analogous procedures in statistical physics . The behavior of decimation procedures is poorly understood . Here we consider a simple randomized decimation algorithm based on belief propagation ( BP ) , and analyze its behavior on random k-satisfiability formulae . In particular , we propose a tree model for its analysis and we conjecture that it provides asymptotically exact predictions in the limit of large instances . This conjecture is confirmed by numerical simulations .
0709.1674	cs.IT math.IT	Matrix-Lifting Semi-Definite Programming for Decoding in Multiple Antenna Systems	This paper presents a computationally efficient decoder for multiple antenna systems . The proposed algorithm can be used for any constellation ( QAM or PSK ) and any labeling method . The decoder is based on matrix-lifting Semi-Definite Programming ( SDP ) . The strength of the proposed method lies in a new relaxation algorithm applied to the method of Mobasher et al . This results in a reduction of the number of variables from $ ( NK+1 ) ^2 $ to $ ( 2N+K ) ^2 $ , where $ N $ is the number of antennas and $ K $ is the number of constellation points in each real dimension . Since the computational complexity of solving SDP is a polynomial function of the number of variables , we have a significant complexity reduction . Moreover , the proposed method offers a better performance as compared to the best quasi-maximum likelihood decoding methods reported in the literature .
0709.1699	cs.LO cs.AI	Efficient Tabling Mechanisms for Transaction Logic Programs	In this paper we present efficient evaluation algorithms for the Horn Transaction Logic ( a generalization of the regular Horn logic programs with state updates ) . We present two complementary methods for optimizing the implementation of Transaction Logic . The first method is based on tabling and we modified the proof theory to table calls and answers on states ( practically , equivalent to dynamic programming ) . The call-answer table is indexed on the call and a signature of the state in which the call was made . The answer columns contain the answer unification and a signature of the state after the call was executed . The states are signed efficiently using a technique based on tries and counting . The second method is based on incremental evaluation and it applies when the data oracle contains derived relations . The deletions and insertions ( executed in the transaction oracle ) change the state of the database . Using the heuristic of inertia ( only a part of the state changes in response to elementary updates ) , most of the time it is cheaper to compute only the changes in the state than to recompute the entire state from scratch . The two methods are complementary by the fact that the first method optimizes the evaluation when a call is repeated in the same state , and the second method optimizes the evaluation of a new state when a call-state pair is not found by the tabling mechanism ( i.e . the first method ) . The proof theory of Transaction Logic with the application of tabling and incremental evaluation is sound and complete with respect to its model theory .
0709.1701	cs.AI	Enrichment of Qualitative Beliefs for Reasoning under Uncertainty	This paper deals with enriched qualitative belief functions for reasoning under uncertainty and for combining information expressed in natural language through linguistic labels . In this work , two possible enrichments ( quantitative and/or qualitative ) of linguistic labels are considered and operators ( addition , multiplication , division , etc ) for dealing with them are proposed and explained . We denote them $ qe $ -operators , $ qe $ standing for '' qualitative-enriched '' operators . These operators can be seen as a direct extension of the classical qualitative operators ( $ q $ -operators ) proposed recently in the Dezert-Smarandache Theory of plausible and paradoxist reasoning ( DSmT ) . $ q $ -operators are also justified in details in this paper . The quantitative enrichment of linguistic label is a numerical supporting degree in $ [ 0 , \infty ) $ , while the qualitative enrichment takes its values in a finite ordered set of linguistic values . Quantitative enrichment is less precise than qualitative enrichment , but it is expected more close with what human experts can easily provide when expressing linguistic labels with supporting degrees . Two simple examples are given to show how the fusion of qualitative-enriched belief assignments can be done .
0709.1744	cs.RO	Experiments with small helicopter automated landings at unusual attitudes	This paper describes a set of experiments involving small helicopters landing automated landing at unusual attitudes . By leveraging the increased agility of small air vehicles , we show that it is possible to automatically land a small helicopter on surfaces pitched at angles up to 60 degrees . Such maneuvers require considerable agility from the vehicle and its avionics system , and they pose significant technical and safety challenges . Our work builds upon previous activities in human-inspired , high-agility flight for small rotorcraft . However , it was not possible to leverage manual flight test data to extract landing maneuvers due to stringent attitude and position control requirements . Availability of low-cost , local navigation systems requiring no on-board instrumentation has proven particularly important for these experiments to be successful .
