0704.1196	cs.CG cs.NE	Novel algorithm to calculate hypervolume indicator of Pareto approximation set	Hypervolume indicator is a commonly accepted quality measure for comparing Pareto approximation set generated by multi-objective optimizers . The best known algorithm to calculate it for $ n $ points in $ d $ -dimensional space has a run time of $ O ( n^ { d/2 } ) $ with special data structures . This paper presents a recursive , vertex-splitting algorithm for calculating the hypervolume indicator of a set of $ n $ non-comparable points in $ d > 2 $ dimensions . It splits out multiple child hyper-cuboids which can not be dominated by a splitting reference point . In special , the splitting reference point is carefully chosen to minimize the number of points in the child hyper-cuboids . The complexity analysis shows that the proposed algorithm achieves $ O ( ( \frac { d } { 2 } ) ^n ) $ time and $ O ( dn^2 ) $ space complexity in the worst case .
0704.1198	cs.NE cs.NI	A Doubly Distributed Genetic Algorithm for Network Coding	We present a genetic algorithm which is distributed in two novel ways : along genotype and temporal axes . Our algorithm first distributes , for every member of the population , a subset of the genotype to each network node , rather than a subset of the population to each . This genotype distribution is shown to offer a significant gain in running time . Then , for efficient use of the computational resources in the network , our algorithm divides the candidate solutions into pipelined sets and thus the distribution is in the temporal domain , rather that in the spatial domain . This temporal distribution may lead to temporal inconsistency in selection and replacement , however our experiments yield better efficiency in terms of the time to convergence without incurring significant penalties .
0704.1267	cs.CV	Text Line Segmentation of Historical Documents : a Survey	There is a huge amount of historical documents in libraries and in various National Archives that have not been exploited electronically . Although automatic reading of complete pages remains , in most cases , a long-term objective , tasks such as word spotting , text/image alignment , authentication and extraction of specific fields are in use today . For all these tasks , a major step is document segmentation into text lines . Because of the low quality and the complexity of these documents ( background noise , artifacts due to aging , interfering lines ) , automatic text line segmentation remains an open research field . The objective of this paper is to present a survey of existing methods , developed during the last decade , and dedicated to documents of historical interest .
0704.1274	cs.LG	Parametric Learning and Monte Carlo Optimization	This paper uncovers and explores the close relationship between Monte Carlo Optimization of a parametrized integral ( MCO ) , Parametric machine-Learning ( PL ) , and `blackbox ' or `oracle'-based optimization ( BO ) . We make four contributions . First , we prove that MCO is mathematically identical to a broad class of PL problems . This identity potentially provides a new application domain for all broadly applicable PL techniques : MCO . Second , we introduce immediate sampling , a new version of the Probability Collectives ( PC ) algorithm for blackbox optimization . Immediate sampling transforms the original BO problem into an MCO problem . Accordingly , by combining these first two contributions , we can apply all PL techniques to BO . In our third contribution we validate this way of improving BO by demonstrating that cross-validation and bagging improve immediate sampling . Finally , conventional MC and MCO procedures ignore the relationship between the sample point locations and the associated values of the integrand ; only the values of the integrand at those locations are considered . We demonstrate that one can exploit the sample location information using PL techniques , for example by forming a fit of the sample locations to the associated values of the integrand . This provides an additional way to apply PL techniques to improve MCO .
0704.1294	cs.SE	A Disciplined Approach to Adopting Agile Practices : The Agile Adoption Framework	Many organizations aspire to adopt agile processes to take advantage of the numerous benefits that it offers to an organization . Those benefits include , but are not limited to , quicker return on investment , better software quality , and higher customer satisfaction . To date however , there is no structured process ( at least in the public domain ) that guides organizations in adopting agile practices . To address this problem we present the Agile Adoption Framework . The framework consists of two components : an agile measurement index , and a 4-Stage process , that together guide and assist the agile adoption efforts of organizations . More specifically , the agile measurement index is used to identify the agile potential of projects and organizations . The 4-Stage process , on the other hand , helps determine ( a ) whether or not organizations are ready for agile adoption , and ( b ) guided by their potential , what set of agile practices can and should be introduced .
0704.1308	cs.IT math.IT	Antenna Combining for the MIMO Downlink Channel	A multiple antenna downlink channel where limited channel feedback is available to the transmitter is considered . In a vector downlink channel ( single antenna at each receiver ) , the transmit antenna array can be used to transmit separate data streams to multiple receivers only if the transmitter has very accurate channel knowledge , i.e. , if there is high-rate channel feedback from each receiver . In this work it is shown that channel feedback requirements can be significantly reduced if each receiver has a small number of antennas and appropriately combines its antenna outputs . A combining method that minimizes channel quantization error at each receiver , and thereby minimizes multi-user interference , is proposed and analyzed . This technique is shown to outperform traditional techniques such as maximum-ratio combining because minimization of interference power is more critical than maximization of signal power in the multiple antenna downlink . Analysis is provided to quantify the feedback savings , and the technique is seen to work well with user selection and is also robust to receiver estimation error .
