0710.0043	cs.CV	Graph rigidity , Cyclic Belief Propagation and Point Pattern Matching	A recent paper \cite { CaeCaeSchBar06 } proposed a provably optimal , polynomial time method for performing near-isometric point pattern matching by means of exact probabilistic inference in a chordal graphical model . Their fundamental result is that the chordal graph in question is shown to be globally rigid , implying that exact inference provides the same matching solution as exact inference in a complete graphical model . This implies that the algorithm is optimal when there is no noise in the point patterns . In this paper , we present a new graph which is also globally rigid but has an advantage over the graph proposed in \cite { CaeCaeSchBar06 } : its maximal clique size is smaller , rendering inference significantly more efficient . However , our graph is not chordal and thus standard Junction Tree algorithms can not be directly applied . Nevertheless , we show that loopy belief propagation in such a graph converges to the optimal solution . This allows us to retain the optimality guarantee in the noiseless case , while substantially reducing both memory requirements and processing time . Our experimental results show that the accuracy of the proposed solution is indistinguishable from that of \cite { CaeCaeSchBar06 } when there is noise in the point patterns .
0710.0083	cs.DS	Sorting and Selection with Random Costs	There is a growing body of work on sorting and selection in models other than the unit-cost comparison model . This work is the first treatment of a natural stochastic variant of the problem where the cost of comparing two elements is a random variable . Each cost is chosen independently and is known to the algorithm . In particular we consider the following three models : each cost is chosen uniformly in the range $ [ 0,1 ] $ , each cost is 0 with some probability $ p $ and 1 otherwise , or each cost is 1 with probability $ p $ and infinite otherwise . We present lower and upper bounds ( optimal in most cases ) for these problems . We obtain our upper bounds by carefully designing algorithms to ensure that the costs incurred at various stages are independent and using properties of random partial orders when appropriate .
0710.0105	cs.CL physics.soc-ph	Zipf 's Law and Avoidance of Excessive Synonymy	Zipf 's law states that if words of language are ranked in the order of decreasing frequency in texts , the frequency of a word is inversely proportional to its rank . It is very robust as an experimental observation , but to date it escaped satisfactory theoretical explanation . We suggest that Zipf's law may arise from the evolution of word semantics dominated by expansion of meanings and competition of synonyms .
