0711.0784	cs.CV cs.CE	Addendum to Research MMMCV ; A Man/Microbio/Megabio/Computer Vision	In October 2007 , a Research Proposal for the University of Sydney , Australia , the author suggested that biovie-physical phenomenon as `electrodynamic dependant biological vision ' , is governed by relativistic quantum laws and biovision . The phenomenon on the basis of `biovielectroluminescence ' , satisfies man/microbio/megabio/computer vision ( MMMCV ) , as a robust candidate for physical and visual sciences . The general aim of this addendum is to present a refined text of Sections 1-3 of that proposal and highlighting the contents of its Appendix in form of a `Mechanisms ' Section . We then briefly remind in an article aimed for December 2007 , by appending two more equations into Section 3 , a theoretical II-time scenario as a time model well-proposed for the phenomenon . The time model within the core of the proposal , plays a significant role in emphasizing the principle points on Objectives no . 1-8 , Sub-hypothesis 3.1.2 , mentioned in Article [ arXiv:0710.0410 ] . It also expresses the time concept in terms of causing quantized energy f ( |E| ) of time |t| , emit in regard to shortening the probability of particle loci as predictable patterns of particle 's un-occurred motion , a solution to Heisenberg 's uncertainty principle ( HUP ) into a simplistic manner . We conclude that , practical frames via a time algorithm to this model , fixates such predictable patterns of motion of scenery bodies onto recordable observation points of a MMMCV system . It even suppresses/predicts superposition phenomena coming from a human subject and/or other bio-subjects for any decision making event , e.g. , brainwave quantum patterns based on vision . Maintaining the existential probability of Riemann surfaces of II-time scenarios in the context of biovielectroluminescence , makes motion-prediction a possibility .
0711.0811	cs.CL	Combined Acoustic and Pronunciation Modelling for Non-Native Speech Recognition	In this paper , we present several adaptation methods for non-native speech recognition . We have tested pronunciation modelling , MLLR and MAP non-native pronunciation adaptation and HMM models retraining on the HIWIRE foreign accented English speech database . The `` phonetic confusion '' scheme we have developed consists in associating to each spoken phone several sequences of confused phones . In our experiments , we have used different combinations of acoustic models representing the canonical and the foreign pronunciations : spoken and native models , models adapted to the non-native accent with MAP and MLLR . The joint use of pronunciation modelling and acoustic adaptation led to further improvements in recognition accuracy . The best combination of the above mentioned techniques resulted in a relative word error reduction ranging from 46 % to 71 % .
0711.0829	cs.PL	Instruction sequences with indirect jumps	We study sequential programs that are instruction sequences with direct and indirect jump instructions . The intuition is that indirect jump instructions are jump instructions where the position of the instruction to jump to is the content of some memory cell . We consider several kinds of indirect jump instructions . For each kind , we define the meaning of programs with indirect jump instructions of that kind by means of a translation into programs without indirect jump instructions . For each kind , the intended behaviour of a program with indirect jump instructions of that kind under execution is the behaviour of the translated program under execution on interaction with some memory device .
0711.0834	cs.LO	An interface group for process components	We take a process component as a pair of an interface and a behaviour . We study the composition of interacting process components in the setting of process algebra . We formalize the interfaces of interacting process components by means of an interface group . An interesting feature of the interface group is that it allows for distinguishing between expectations and promises in interfaces of process components . This distinction comes into play in case components with both client and server behaviour are involved .
0711.0836	cs.SE	Machine structure oriented control code logic	Control code is a concept that is closely related to a frequently occurring practitioner 's view on what is a program : code that is capable of controlling the behaviour of some machine . We present a logical approach to explain issues concerning control codes that are independent of the details of the behaviours that are controlled . Using this approach , such issues can be explained at a very abstract level . We illustrate this among other things by means of an example about the production of a new compiler from an existing one . The approach is based on abstract machine models , called machine structures . We introduce a model of systems that provide execution environments for the executable codes of machine structures and use it to go into portability of control codes .
0711.0838	cs.AR	On the operating unit size of load/store architectures	We introduce a strict version of the concept of a load/store instruction set architecture in the setting of Maurer machines . We take the view that transformations on the states of a Maurer machine are achieved by applying threads as considered in thread algebra to the Maurer machine . We study how the transformations on the states of the main memory of a strict load/store instruction set architecture that can be achieved by applying threads depend on the operating unit size , the cardinality of the instruction set , and the maximal number of states of the threads .
0711.0840	cs.LO	A thread calculus with molecular dynamics	We present a theory of threads , interleaving of threads , and interaction between threads and services with features of molecular dynamics , a model of computation that bears on computations in which dynamic data structures are involved . Threads can interact with services of which the states consist of structured data objects and computations take place by means of actions which may change the structure of the data objects . The features introduced include restriction of the scope of names used in threads to refer to data objects . Because that feature makes it troublesome to provide a model based on structural operational semantics and bisimulation , we construct a projective limit model for the theory .
0711.0892	cs.NI	Routing in Outer Space : Improved Security and Energy-Efficiency in Multi-Hop Wireless Networks	In this paper we consider security-related and energy-efficiency issues in multi-hop wireless networks . We start our work from the observation , known in the literature , that shortest path routing creates congested areas in multi-hop wireless networks . These areas are critical -- they generate both security and energy efficiency issues . We attack these problems and set out routing in outer space , a new routing mechanism that transforms any shortest path routing protocol ( or approximated versions of it ) into a new protocol that , in case of uniform traffic , guarantees that every node of the network is responsible for relaying the same number of messages , on expectation . We can show that a network that uses routing in outer space does not have congested areas , does not have the associated security-related issues , does not encourage selfish positioning , and , in spite of using more energy globally , lives longer of the same network using the original routing protocol .
0711.0917	cs.PL cs.SC	SWI-Prolog and the Web	Where Prolog is commonly seen as a component in a Web application that is either embedded or communicates using a proprietary protocol , we propose an architecture where Prolog communicates to other components in a Web application using the standard HTTP protocol . By avoiding embedding in external Web servers development and deployment become much easier . To support this architecture , in addition to the transfer protocol , we must also support parsing , representing and generating the key Web document types such as HTML , XML and RDF . This paper motivates the design decisions in the libraries and extensions to Prolog for handling Web documents and protocols . The design has been guided by the requirement to handle large documents efficiently . The described libraries support a wide range of Web applications ranging from HTML and XML documents to Semantic Web RDF processing . To appear in Theory and Practice of Logic Programming ( TPLP )
