0711.1466	cs.AI	Predicting relevant empty spots in social interaction	An empty spot refers to an empty hard-to-fill space which can be found in the records of the social interaction , and is the clue to the persons in the underlying social network who do not appear in the records . This contribution addresses a problem to predict relevant empty spots in social interaction . Homogeneous and inhomogeneous networks are studied as a model underlying the social interaction . A heuristic predictor function approach is presented as a new method to address the problem . Simulation experiment is demonstrated over a homogeneous network . A test data in the form of baskets is generated from the simulated communication . Precision to predict the empty spots is calculated to demonstrate the performance of the presented approach .
0711.1533	cs.NI	N3Logic : A Logical Framework For the World Wide Web	The Semantic Web drives towards the use of the Web for interacting with logically interconnected data . Through knowledge models such as Resource Description Framework ( RDF ) , the Semantic Web provides a unifying representation of richly structured data . Adding logic to the Web implies the use of rules to make inferences , choose courses of action , and answer questions . This logic must be powerful enough to describe complex properties of objects but not so powerful that agents can be tricked by being asked to consider a paradox . The Web has several characteristics that can lead to problems when existing logics are used , in particular , the inconsistencies that inevitably arise due to the openness of the Web , where anyone can assert anything . N3Logic is a logic that allows rules to be expressed in a Web environment . It extends RDF with syntax for nested graphs and quantified variables and with predicates for implication and accessing resources on the Web , and functions including cryptographic , string , math . The main goal of N3Logic is to be a minimal extension to the RDF data model such that the same language can be used for logic and data . In this paper , we describe N3Logic and illustrate through examples why it is an appropriate logic for the Web .
0711.1569	cs.GT	Capacity as a Fundamental Metric for Mechanism Design in the Information Economy	The auction theory literature has so far focused mostly on the design of mechanisms that takes the revenue or the efficiency as a yardstick . However , scenarios where the { \it capacity } , which we define as \textit { `` the number of bidders the auctioneer wants to have a positive probability of getting the item '' } , is a fundamental concern are ubiquitous in the information economy . For instance , in sponsored search auctions ( SSA 's ) or in online ad-exchanges , the true value of an ad-slot for an advertiser is inherently derived from the conversion-rate , which in turn depends on whether the advertiser actually obtained the ad-slot or not ; thus , unless the capacity of the underlying auction is large , key parameters , such as true valuations and advertiser-specific conversion rates , will remain unknown or uncertain leading to inherent inefficiencies in the system . In general , the same holds true for all information goods/digital goods . We initiate a study of mechanisms , which take capacity as a yardstick , in addition to revenue/efficiency . We show that in the case of a single indivisible item one simple way to incorporate capacity constraints is via designing mechanisms to sell probability distributions , and that under certain conditions , such optimal probability distributions could be identified using a Linear programming approach . We define a quantity called { \it price of capacity } to capture the tradeoff between capacity and revenue/efficiency . We also study the case of sponsored search auctions . Finally , we discuss how general such an approach via probability spikes can be made , and potential directions for future investigations .
