0705.2485	cs.NE cs.AI q-bio.QM	Using Genetic Algorithms to Optimise Rough Set Partition Sizes for HIV Data Analysis	In this paper , we present a method to optimise rough set partition sizes , to which rule extraction is performed on HIV data . The genetic algorithm optimisation technique is used to determine the partition sizes of a rough set in order to maximise the rough sets prediction accuracy . The proposed method is tested on a set of demographic properties of individuals obtained from the South African antenatal survey . Six demographic variables were used in the analysis , these variables are ; race , age of mother , education , gravidity , parity , and age of father , with the outcome or decision being either HIV positive or negative . Rough set theory is chosen based on the fact that it is easy to interpret the extracted rules . The prediction accuracy of equal width bin partitioning is 57.7 % while the accuracy achieved after optimising the partitions is 72.8 % . Several other methods have been used to analyse the HIV data and their results are stated and compared to that of rough set theory ( RST ) .
0705.2503	cs.DS cs.CC	Improved Approximability Result for Test Set with Small Redundancy	Test set with redundancy is one of the focuses in recent bioinformatics research . Set cover greedy algorithm ( SGA for short ) is a commonly used algorithm for test set with redundancy . This paper proves that the approximation ratio of SGA can be $ ( 2-\frac { 1 } { 2r } ) \ln n+ { 3/2 } \ln r+O ( \ln\ln n ) $ by using the potential function technique . This result is better than the approximation ratio $ 2\ln n $ which directly derives from set multicover , when $ r=o ( \frac { \ln n } { \ln\ln n } ) $ , and is an extension of the approximability results for plain test set .
0705.2516	cs.NE cs.AI	Condition Monitoring of HV Bushings in the Presence of Missing Data Using Evolutionary Computing	The work proposes the application of neural networks with particle swarm optimisation ( PSO ) and genetic algorithms ( GA ) to compensate for missing data in classifying high voltage bushings . The classification is done using DGA data from 60966 bushings based on IEEEc57.104 , IEC599 and IEEE production rates methods for oil impregnated paper ( OIP ) bushings . PSO and GA were compared in terms of accuracy and computational efficiency . Both GA and PSO simulations were able to estimate missing data values to an average 95 % accuracy when only one variable was missing . However PSO rapidly deteriorated to 66 % accuracy with two variables missing simultaneously , compared to 84 % for GA . The data estimated using GA was found to classify the conditions of bushings than the PSO .
0705.2535	cs.IT math.IT	Informatics Carnot Machine	Based on Planck 's blackbody equation it is argued that a single mode light pulse , with a large number of photons , carries one entropy unit . Similarly , an empty radiation mode carries no entropy . In this case , the calculated entropy that a coded sequence of light pulses is carrying is simply the Gibbs mixing entropy , which is identical to the logical Shannon information . This approach is supported by a demonstration that information transmission and amplification , by a sequence of light pulses in an optical fiber , is a classic Carnot machine comprising of two isothermals and two adiabatic . Therefore it is concluded that entropy under certain conditions is information .
0705.2604	cs.CE	Computational Intelligence for Condition Monitoring	Condition monitoring techniques are described in this chapter . Two aspects of condition monitoring process are considered : ( 1 ) feature extraction ; and ( 2 ) condition classification . Feature extraction methods described and implemented are fractals , Kurtosis and Mel-frequency Cepstral Coefficients . Classification methods described and implemented are support vector machines ( SVM ) , hidden Markov models ( HMM ) , Gaussian mixture models ( GMM ) and extension neural networks ( ENN ) . The effectiveness of these features were tested using SVM , HMM , GMM and ENN on condition monitoring of bearings and are found to give good results .
0705.2626	cs.MS cs.NA	Block Locally Optimal Preconditioned Eigenvalue Xolvers ( BLOPEX ) in hypre and PETSc	We describe our software package Block Locally Optimal Preconditioned Eigenvalue Xolvers ( BLOPEX ) publicly released recently . BLOPEX is available as a stand-alone serial library , as an external package to PETSc ( `` Portable , Extensible Toolkit for Scientific Computation '' , a general purpose suite of tools for the scalable solution of partial differential equations and related problems developed by Argonne National Laboratory ) , and is also built into { \it hypre } ( `` High Performance Preconditioners '' , scalable linear solvers package developed by Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ) . The present BLOPEX release includes only one solver -- the Locally Optimal Block Preconditioned Conjugate Gradient ( LOBPCG ) method for symmetric eigenvalue problems . { \it hypre } provides users with advanced high-quality parallel preconditioners for linear systems , in particular , with domain decomposition and multigrid preconditioners . With BLOPEX , the same preconditioners can now be efficiently used for symmetric eigenvalue problems . PETSc facilitates the integration of independently developed application modules with strict attention to component interoperability , and makes BLOPEX extremely easy to compile and use with preconditioners that are available via PETSc . We present the LOBPCG algorithm in BLOPEX for { \it hypre } and PETSc . We demonstrate numerically the scalability of BLOPEX by testing it on a number of distributed and shared memory parallel systems , including a Beowulf system , SUN Fire 880 , an AMD dual-core Opteron workstation , and IBM BlueGene/L supercomputer , using PETSc domain decomposition and { \it hypre } multigrid preconditioning . We test BLOPEX on a model problem , the standard 7-point finite-difference approximation of the 3-D Laplacian , with the problem size in the range $ 10^5-10^8 $ .
