0712.4057	cs.CR cs.NI	On Compression of Cryptographic Keys	Any secured system can be modeled as a capability-based access control system in which each user is given a set of secret keys of the resources he is granted access to . In some large systems with resource-constrained devices , such as sensor networks and RFID systems , the design is sensitive to memory or key storage cost . With a goal to minimize the maximum users ' key storage , key compression based on key linking , that is , deriving one key from another without compromising security , is studied . A lower bound on key storage needed for a general access structure with key derivation is derived . This bound demonstrates the theoretic limit of any systems which do not trade off security and can be treated as a negative result to provide ground for designs with security tradeoff . A concrete , provably secure key linking scheme based on pseudorandom functions is given . Using the key linking framework , a number of key pre-distribution schemes in the literature are analyzed .
0712.4059	cs.IT math.IT	On Distributed Computation in Noisy Random Planar Networks	We consider distributed computation of functions of distributed data in random planar networks with noisy wireless links . We present a new algorithm for computation of the maximum value which is order optimal in the number of transmissions and computation time.We also adapt the histogram computation algorithm of Ying et al to make the histogram computation time optimal .
0712.4075	cs.IT math.IT	Polytope Representations for Linear-Programming Decoding of Non-Binary Linear Codes	In previous work , we demonstrated how decoding of a non-binary linear code could be formulated as a linear-programming problem . In this paper , we study different polytopes for use with linear-programming decoding , and show that for many classes of codes these polytopes yield a complexity advantage for decoding . These representations lead to polynomial-time decoders for a wide variety of classical non-binary linear codes .
0712.4099	cs.NE	Digital Ecosystems : Optimisation by a Distributed Intelligence	Can intelligence optimise Digital Ecosystems ? How could a distributed intelligence interact with the ecosystem dynamics ? Can the software components that are part of genetic selection be intelligent in themselves , as in an adaptive technology ? We consider the effect of a distributed intelligence mechanism on the evolutionary and ecological dynamics of our Digital Ecosystem , which is the digital counterpart of a biological ecosystem for evolving software services in a distributed network . We investigate Neural Networks and Support Vector Machine for the learning based pattern recognition functionality of our distributed intelligence . Simulation results imply that the Digital Ecosystem performs better with the application of a distributed intelligence , marginally more effectively when powered by Support Vector Machine than Neural Networks , and suggest that it can contribute to optimising the operation of our Digital Ecosystem .
0712.4101	cs.NE	Digital Ecosystems : Stability of Evolving Agent Populations	Stability is perhaps one of the most desirable features of any engineered system , given the importance of being able to predict its response to various environmental conditions prior to actual deployment . Engineered systems are becoming ever more complex , approaching the same levels of biological ecosystems , and so their stability becomes ever more important , but taking on more and more differential dynamics can make stability an ever more elusive property . The Chli-DeWilde definition of stability views a Multi-Agent System as a discrete time Markov chain with potentially unknown transition probabilities . With a Multi-Agent System being considered stable when its state , a stochastic process , has converged to an equilibrium distribution , because stability of a system can be understood intuitively as exhibiting bounded behaviour . We investigate an extension to include Multi-Agent Systems with evolutionary dynamics , focusing on the evolving agent populations of our Digital Ecosystem . We then built upon this to construct an entropy-based definition for the degree of instability ( entropy of the limit probabilities ) , which was later used to perform a stability analysis . The Digital Ecosystem is considered to investigate the stability of an evolving agent population through simulations , for which the results were consistent with the original Chli-DeWilde definition .
