0704.3878	cs.IT cs.GT math.IT	A Game-Theoretic Approach to Energy-Efficient Modulation in CDMA Networks with Delay Constraints	A game-theoretic framework is used to study the effect of constellation size on the energy efficiency of wireless networks for M-QAM modulation . A non-cooperative game is proposed in which each user seeks to choose its transmit power ( and possibly transmit symbol rate ) as well as the constellation size in order to maximize its own utility while satisfying its delay quality-of-service ( QoS ) constraint . The utility function used here measures the number of reliable bits transmitted per joule of energy consumed , and is particularly suitable for energy-constrained networks . The best-response strategies and Nash equilibrium solution for the proposed game are derived . It is shown that in order to maximize its utility ( in bits per joule ) , a user must choose the lowest constellation size that can accommodate the user 's delay constraint . Using this framework , the tradeoffs among energy efficiency , delay , throughput and constellation size are also studied and quantified . The effect of trellis-coded modulation on energy efficiency is also discussed .
0704.3880	cs.IT math.IT	Energy-Efficient Resource Allocation in Wireless Networks with Quality-of-Service Constraints	A game-theoretic model is proposed to study the cross-layer problem of joint power and rate control with quality of service ( QoS ) constraints in multiple-access networks . In the proposed game , each user seeks to choose its transmit power and rate in a distributed manner in order to maximize its own utility while satisfying its QoS requirements . The user 's QoS constraints are specified in terms of the average source rate and an upper bound on the average delay where the delay includes both transmission and queuing delays . The utility function considered here measures energy efficiency and is particularly suitable for wireless networks with energy constraints . The Nash equilibrium solution for the proposed non-cooperative game is derived and a closed-form expression for the utility achieved at equilibrium is obtained . It is shown that the QoS requirements of a user translate into a `` size '' for the user which is an indication of the amount of network resources consumed by the user . Using this competitive multiuser framework , the tradeoffs among throughput , delay , network capacity and energy efficiency are studied . In addition , analytical expressions are given for users ' delay profiles and the delay performance of the users at Nash equilibrium is quantified .
0704.3881	cs.IT math.IT	A Unified Approach to Energy-Efficient Power Control in Large CDMA Systems	A unified approach to energy-efficient power control is proposed for code-division multiple access ( CDMA ) networks . The approach is applicable to a large family of multiuser receivers including the matched filter , the decorrelator , the linear minimum mean-square error ( MMSE ) receiver , and the ( nonlinear ) optimal detectors . It exploits the linear relationship that has been shown to exist between the transmit power and the output signal-to-interference-plus-noise ratio ( SIR ) in the large-system limit . It is shown that , for this family of receivers , when users seek to selfishly maximize their own energy efficiency , the Nash equilibrium is SIR-balanced . In addition , a unified power control ( UPC ) algorithm for reaching the Nash equilibrium is proposed . The algorithm adjusts the user 's transmit powers by iteratively computing the large-system multiuser efficiency , which is independent of instantaneous spreading sequences . The convergence of the algorithm is proved for the matched filter , the decorrelator , and the MMSE receiver , and is demonstrated by means of simulation for an optimal detector . Moreover , the performance of the algorithm in finite-size systems is studied and compared with that of a conventional power control scheme , in which user powers depend on the instantaneous spreading sequences .
0704.3886	cs.AI cs.CL	A Note on Ontology and Ordinary Language	We argue for a compositional semantics grounded in a strongly typed ontology that reflects our commonsense view of the world and the way we talk about it . Assuming such a structure we show that the semantics of various natural language phenomena may become nearly trivial .
0704.3890	cs.DC	An algorithm for clock synchronization with the gradient property in sensor networks	We introduce a distributed algorithm for clock synchronization in sensor networks . Our algorithm assumes that nodes in the network only know their immediate neighborhoods and an upper bound on the network 's diameter . Clock-synchronization messages are only sent as part of the communication , assumed reasonably frequent , that already takes place among nodes . The algorithm has the gradient property of [ 2 ] , achieving an O ( 1 ) worst-case skew between the logical clocks of neighbors . As in the case of [ 3,8 ] , the algorithm 's actions are such that no constant lower bound exists on the rate at which logical clocks progress in time , and for this reason the lower bound of [ 2,5 ] that forbids constant skew between neighbors does not apply .
0704.3904	cs.DS cs.GT	Acyclic Preference Systems in P2P Networks	In this work we study preference systems natural for the Peer-to-Peer paradigm . Most of them fall in three categories : global , symmetric and complementary . All these systems share an acyclicity property . As a consequence , they admit a stable ( or Pareto efficient ) configuration , where no participant can collaborate with better partners than their current ones . We analyze the representation of the such preference systems and show that any acyclic system can be represented with a symmetric mark matrix . This gives a method to merge acyclic preference systems and retain the acyclicity . We also consider such properties of the corresponding collaboration graph , as clustering coefficient and diameter . In particular , studying the example of preferences based on real latency measurements , we observe that its stable configuration is a small-world graph .
0704.3905	cs.AI	Ensemble Learning for Free with Evolutionary Algorithms ?	Evolutionary Learning proceeds by evolving a population of classifiers , from which it generally returns ( with some notable exceptions ) the single best-of-run classifier as final result . In the meanwhile , Ensemble Learning , one of the most efficient approaches in supervised Machine Learning for the last decade , proceeds by building a population of diverse classifiers . Ensemble Learning with Evolutionary Computation thus receives increasing attention . The Evolutionary Ensemble Learning ( EEL ) approach presented in this paper features two contributions . First , a new fitness function , inspired by co-evolution and enforcing the classifier diversity , is presented . Further , a new selection criterion based on the classification margin is proposed . This criterion is used to extract the classifier ensemble from the final population only ( Off-line ) or incrementally along evolution ( On-line ) . Experiments on a set of benchmark problems show that Off-line outperforms single-hypothesis evolutionary learning and state-of-art Boosting and generates smaller classifier ensembles .
0704.3931	cs.LO	The Complexity of Model Checking Higher-Order Fixpoint Logic	Higher-Order Fixpoint Logic ( HFL ) is a hybrid of the simply typed \lambda-calculus and the modal \lambda-calculus . This makes it a highly expressive temporal logic that is capable of expressing various interesting correctness properties of programs that are not expressible in the modal \lambda-calculus . This paper provides complexity results for its model checking problem . In particular we consider those fragments of HFL built by using only types of bounded order k and arity m. We establish k-fold exponential time completeness for model checking each such fragment . For the upper bound we use fixpoint elimination to obtain reachability games that are singly-exponential in the size of the formula and k-fold exponential in the size of the underlying transition system . These games can be solved in deterministic linear time . As a simple consequence , we obtain an exponential time upper bound on the expression complexity of each such fragment . The lower bound is established by a reduction from the word problem for alternating ( k-1 ) -fold exponential space bounded Turing Machines . Since there are fixed machines of that type whose word problems are already hard with respect to k-fold exponential time , we obtain , as a corollary , k-fold exponential time completeness for the data complexity of our fragments of HFL , provided m exceeds 3 . This also yields a hierarchy result in expressive power .
0704.3969	cs.IT math.IT	Diversity of MIMO Multihop Relay Channels - Part I : Amplify-and-Forward	In this two-part paper , we consider the multiantenna multihop relay channels in which the source signal arrives at the destination through N independent relaying hops in series . The main concern of this work is to design relaying strategies that utilize efficiently the relays in such a way that the diversity is maximized . In part I , we focus on the amplify-and-forward ( AF ) strategy with which the relays simply scale the received signal and retransmit it . More specifically , we characterize the diversity-multiplexing tradeoff ( DMT ) of the AF scheme in a general multihop channel with arbitrary number of antennas and arbitrary number of hops . The DMT is in closed-form expression as a function of the number of antennas at each node . First , we provide some basic results on the DMT of the general Rayleigh product channels . It turns out that these results have very simple and intuitive interpretation . Then , the results are applied to the AF multihop channels which is shown to be equivalent to the Rayleigh product channel , in the DMT sense . Finally , the project-and-forward ( PF ) scheme , a variant of the AF scheme , is proposed . We show that the PF scheme has the same DMT as the AF scheme , while the PF can have significant power gain over the AF scheme in some cases . In part II , we will derive the upper bound on the diversity of the multihop channels and show that it can be achieved by partitioning the multihop channel into AF subchannels .
0705.0043	cs.IT math.IT	Joint Detection and Identification of an Unobservable Change in the Distribution of a Random Sequence	This paper examines the joint problem of detection and identification of a sudden and unobservable change in the probability distribution function ( pdf ) of a sequence of independent and identically distributed ( i.i.d . ) random variables to one of finitely many alternative pdf 's . The objective is quick detection of the change and accurate inference of the ensuing pdf . Following a Bayesian approach , a new sequential decision strategy for this problem is revealed and is proven optimal . Geometrical properties of this strategy are demonstrated via numerical examples .
0705.0044	cs.IT math.IT	Reliable Memories Built from Unreliable Components Based on Expander Graphs	In this paper , memories built from components subject to transient faults are considered . A fault-tolerant memory architecture based on low-density parity-check codes is proposed and the existence of reliable memories for the adversarial failure model is proved . The proof relies on the expansion property of the underlying Tanner graph of the code . An equivalence between the Taylor-Kuznetsov ( TK ) scheme and Gallager B algorithm is established and the results are extended to the independent failure model . It is also shown that the proposed memory architecture has lower redundancy compared to the TK scheme . The results are illustrated with specific numerical examples .
