0707.2432	cs.CE	Pricing Asian Options for Jump Diffusions	We construct a sequence of functions that uniformly converge ( on compact sets ) to the price of Asian option , which is written on a stock whose dynamics follows a jump diffusion , exponentially fast . Each of the element in this sequence solves a parabolic partial differen- tial equation ( not an integro-differential equation ) . As a result we obtain a fast numerical approximation scheme whose accuracy versus speed characteristics can be controlled . We analyze the performance of our numerical algorithm on several examples .
0707.2436	cs.OH	On the Polyphase Decomposition for Design of Generalized Comb Decimation Filters	Generalized comb filters ( GCFs ) are efficient anti-aliasing decimation filters with improved selectivity and quantization noise ( QN ) rejection performance around the so called folding bands with respect to classical comb filters . In this paper , we address the design of GCF filters by proposing an efficient partial polyphase architecture with the aim to reduce the data rate as much as possible after the Sigma-Delta A/D conversion . We propose a mathematical framework in order to completely characterize the dependence of the frequency response of GCFs on the quantization of the multipliers embedded in the proposed filter architecture . This analysis paves the way to the design of multiplier-less decimation architectures . We also derive the impulse response of a sample 3rd order GCF filter used as a reference scheme throughout the paper .
0707.2482	cs.IT math.IT	Multiple-Description Lattice Vector Quantization	In this thesis , we construct and analyze multiple-description codes based on lattice vector quantization .
0707.2506	cs.AI	Mixed Integer Linear Programming For Exact Finite-Horizon Planning In Decentralized Pomdps	We consider the problem of finding an n-agent joint-policy for the optimal finite-horizon control of a decentralized Pomdp ( Dec-Pomdp ) . This is a problem of very high complexity ( NEXP-hard in n > = 2 ) . In this paper , we propose a new mathematical programming approach for the problem . Our approach is based on two ideas : First , we represent each agent 's policy in the sequence-form and not in the tree-form , thereby obtaining a very compact representation of the set of joint-policies . Second , using this compact representation , we solve this problem as an instance of combinatorial optimization for which we formulate a mixed integer linear program ( MILP ) . The optimal solution of the MILP directly yields an optimal joint-policy for the Dec-Pomdp . Computational experience shows that formulating and solving the MILP requires significantly less time to solve benchmark Dec-Pomdp problems than existing algorithms . For example , the multi-agent tiger problem for horizon 4 is solved in 72 secs with the MILP whereas existing algorithms require several hours to solve it .
0707.2527	cs.IT math.IT	Rate and Power Allocation for Discrete-Rate Link Adaptation	Link adaptation , in particular adaptive coded modulation ( ACM ) , is a promising tool for bandwidth-efficient transmission in a fading environment . The main motivation behind employing ACM schemes is to improve the spectral efficiency of wireless communication systems . In this paper , using a finite number of capacity achieving component codes , we propose new transmission schemes employing constant power transmission , as well as discrete and continuous power adaptation , for slowly varying flat-fading channels . We show that the proposed transmission schemes can achieve throughputs close to the Shannon limits of flat-fading channels using only a small number of codes . Specifically , using a fully discrete scheme with just four codes , each associated with four power levels , we achieve a spectral efficiency within 1 dB of the continuous-rate continuous-power Shannon capacity . Furthermore , when restricted to a fixed number of codes , the introduction of power adaptation has significant gains with respect to ASE and probability of no transmission compared to a constant power scheme .
0707.2562	cs.LO cs.CC	A Characterisation of First-Order Constraint Satisfaction Problems	We describe simple algebraic and combinatorial characterisations of finite relational core structures admitting finitely many obstructions . As a consequence , we show that it is decidable to determine whether a constraint satisfaction problem is first-order definable : we show the general problem to be NP-complete , and give a polynomial-time algorithm in the case of cores . A slight modification of this algorithm provides , for first-order definable CSP 's , a simple poly-time algorithm to produce a solution when one exists . As an application of our algebraic characterisation of first order CSP 's , we describe a large family of L-complete CSP 's .
