0708.1411	cs.NI	Achievable Outage Rates with Improved Decoding of Bicm Multiband Ofdm Under Channel Estimation Errors	We consider the decoding of bit interleaved coded modulation ( BICM ) applied to multiband OFDM for practical scenarios where only a noisy ( possibly very bad ) estimate of the channel is available at the receiver . First , a decoding metric based on the channel it a posteriori probability density , conditioned on the channel estimate is derived and used for decoding BICM multiband OFDM . Then , we characterize the limits of reliable information rates in terms of the maximal achievable outage rates associated to the proposed metric . We also compare our results with the outage rates of a system using a theoretical decoder . Our results are useful for designing a communication system where a prescribed quality of service ( QoS ) , in terms of achievable target rates with small error probability , must be satisfied even in the presence of imperfect channel estimation . Numerical results over both realistic UWB and theoretical Rayleigh fading channels show that the proposed method provides significant gain in terms of BER and outage rates compared to the classical mismatched detector , without introducing any additional complexity .
0708.1413	cs.NI	On Optimal Turbo Decoding of Wideband MIMO-OFDM Systems Under Imperfect Channel State Information	We consider the decoding of bit interleaved coded modulation ( BICM ) applied to both multiband and MIMO OFDM systems for typical scenarios where only a noisy ( possibly very bad ) estimate of the channel is provided by sending a limited number of pilot symbols . First , by using a Bayesian framework involving the channel a posteriori density , we adopt a practical decoding metric that is robust to the presence of channel estimation errors . Then this metric is used in the demapping part of BICM multiband and MIMO OFDM receivers . We also compare our results with the performance of a mismatched decoder that replaces the channel by its estimate in the decoding metric . Numerical results over both realistic UWB and theoretical Rayleigh fading channels show that the proposed method provides significant gain in terms of bit error rate compared to the classical mismatched detector , without introducing any additional complexity .
0708.1414	cs.NI	Wavelet Based Semi-blind Channel Estimation For Multiband OFDM	This paper introduces an expectation-maximization ( EM ) algorithm within a wavelet domain Bayesian framework for semi-blind channel estimation of multiband OFDM based UWB communications . A prior distribution is chosen for the wavelet coefficients of the unknown channel impulse response in order to model a sparseness property of the wavelet representation . This prior yields , in maximum a posteriori estimation , a thresholding rule within the EM algorithm . We particularly focus on reducing the number of estimated parameters by iteratively discarding `` unsignificant '' wavelet coefficients from the estimation process . Simulation results using UWB channels issued from both models and measurements show that under sparsity conditions , the proposed algorithm outperforms pilot based channel estimation in terms of mean square error and bit error rate and enhances the estimation accuracy with less computational complexity than traditional semi-blind methods .
0708.1416	cs.NI	MIMO-OFDM Optimal Decoding and Achievable Information Rates Under Imperfect Channel Estimation	Optimal decoding of bit interleaved coded modulation ( BICM ) MIMO-OFDM where an imperfect channel estimate is available at the receiver is investigated . First , by using a Bayesian approach involving the channel a posteriori density , we derive a practical decoding metric for general memoryless channels that is robust to the presence of channel estimation errors . Then , we evaluate the outage rates achieved by a decoder that uses our proposed metric . The performance of the proposed decoder is compared to the classical mismatched decoder and a theoretical decoder defined as the best decoder in the presence of imperfect channel estimation . Numerical results over Rayleigh block fading MIMO-OFDM channels show that the proposed decoder outperforms mismatched decoding in terms of bit error rate and outage capacity without introducing any additional complexity .
0708.1480	cs.LO	Valid formulas , games and network protocols	We describe a remarkable relation between the notion of valid formula of predicate logic and the specification of network protocols . We give several examples such as the acknowledgement of one packet or of a sequence of packets . We show how to specify the composition of protocols .
0708.1496	cs.AR cs.DC	A Light-Based Device for Solving the Hamiltonian Path Problem	In this paper we suggest the use of light for performing useful computations . Namely , we propose a special device which uses light rays for solving the Hamiltonian path problem on a directed graph . The device has a graph-like representation and the light is traversing it following the routes given by the connections between nodes . In each node the rays are uniquely marked so that they can be easily identified . At the destination node we will search only for particular rays that have passed only once through each node . We show that the proposed device can solve small and medium instances of the problem in reasonable time .
0708.1503	cs.LG	Defensive forecasting for optimal prediction with expert advice	The method of defensive forecasting is applied to the problem of prediction with expert advice for binary outcomes . It turns out that defensive forecasting is not only competitive with the Aggregating Algorithm but also handles the case of `` second-guessing '' experts , whose advice depends on the learner's prediction ; this paper assumes that the dependence on the learner 's prediction is continuous .
0708.1512	cs.AR cs.DC	Solving the Hamiltonian path problem with a light-based computer	In this paper we propose a special computational device which uses light rays for solving the Hamiltonian path problem on a directed graph . The device has a graph-like representation and the light is traversing it by following the routes given by the connections between nodes . In each node the rays are uniquely marked so that they can be easily identified . At the destination node we will search only for particular rays that have passed only once through each node . We show that the proposed device can solve small and medium instances of the problem in reasonable time .
0708.1527	cs.AI cs.DC	A Data-Parallel Version of Aleph	This is to present work on modifying the Aleph ILP system so that it evaluates the hypothesised clauses in parallel by distributing the data-set among the nodes of a parallel or distributed machine . The paper briefly discusses MPI , the interface used to access message- passing libraries for parallel computers and clusters . It then proceeds to describe an extension of YAP Prolog with an MPI interface and an implementation of data-parallel clause evaluation for Aleph through this interface . The paper concludes by testing the data-parallel Aleph on artificially constructed data-sets .
0708.1529	cs.CC cs.LO	Resolution over Linear Equations and Multilinear Proofs	We develop and study the complexity of propositional proof systems of varying strength extending resolution by allowing it to operate with disjunctions of linear equations instead of clauses . We demonstrate polynomial-size refutations for hard tautologies like the pigeonhole principle , Tseitin graph tautologies and the clique-coloring tautologies in these proof systems . Using the ( monotone ) interpolation by a communication game technique we establish an exponential-size lower bound on refutations in a certain , considerably strong , fragment of resolution over linear equations , as well as a general polynomial upper bound on ( non-monotone ) interpolants in this fragment . We then apply these results to extend and improve previous results on multilinear proofs ( over fields of characteristic 0 ) , as studied in [ RazTzameret06 ] . Specifically , we show the following : 1 . Proofs operating with depth-3 multilinear formulas polynomially simulate a certain , considerably strong , fragment of resolution over linear equations . 2 . Proofs operating with depth-3 multilinear formulas admit polynomial-size refutations of the pigeonhole principle and Tseitin graph tautologies . The former improve over a previous result that established small multilinear proofs only for the \emph { functional } pigeonhole principle . The latter are different than previous proofs , and apply to multilinear proofs of Tseitin mod p graph tautologies over any field of characteristic 0 . We conclude by connecting resolution over linear equations with extensions of the cutting planes proof system .
