0705.0761	cs.AI	Bayesian Approach to Neuro-Rough Models	This paper proposes a neuro-rough model based on multi-layered perceptron and rough set . The neuro-rough model is then tested on modelling the risk of HIV from demographic data . The model is formulated using Bayesian framework and trained using Monte Carlo method and Metropolis criterion . When the model was tested to estimate the risk of HIV infection given the demographic data it was found to give the accuracy of 62 % . The proposed model is able to combine the accuracy of the Bayesian MLP model and the transparency of Bayesian rough set model .
0705.0781	cs.CV	Medical Image Segmentation and Localization using Deformable Templates	This paper presents deformable templates as a tool for segmentation and localization of biological structures in medical images . Structures are represented by a prototype template , combined with a parametric warp mapping used to deform the original shape . The localization procedure is achieved using a multi-stage , multi-resolution algorithm de-signed to reduce computational complexity and time . The algorithm initially identifies regions in the image most likely to contain the desired objects and then examines these regions at progressively increasing resolutions . The final stage of the algorithm involves warping the prototype template to match the localized objects . The algorithm is presented along with the results of four example applications using MRI , x-ray and ultrasound images .
0705.0783	cs.IT cs.GT math.IT	Non-cooperative games for spreading code optimization , power control and receiver design in wireless data networks	This paper focuses on the issue of energy efficiency in wireless data networks through a game theoretic approach . The case considered is that in which each user is allowed to vary its transmit power , spreading code , and uplink receiver in order to maximize its own utility , which is here defined as the ratio of data throughput to transmit power . In particular , the case in which linear multiuser detectors are employed at the receiver is treated first , and , then , the more challenging case in which non-linear decision feedback multiuser receivers are adopted is addressed . It is shown that , for both receivers , the problem at hand of utility maximization can be regarded as a non-cooperative game , and it is proved that a unique Nash equilibrium point exists . Simulation results show that significant performance gains can be obtained through both non-linear processing and spreading code optimization ; in particular , for systems with a number of users not larger than the processing gain , remarkable gains come from spreading code optimization , while , for overloaded systems , the largest gainscome from the use of non-linear processing . In every case , however , the non-cooperative games proposed here are shown to outperform competing alternatives .
0705.0815	cs.NI	Overview of the Netsukuku network	Netsukuku is a P2P network system designed to handle a large number of nodes with minimal CPU and memory resources . It can be easily used to build a worldwide distributed , anonymous and not controlled network , separated from the Internet , without the support of any servers , ISPs or authority controls . In this document , we give a generic and non technical description of the Netsukuku network , emphasizing its main ideas and features .
0705.0817	cs.NI	Quantum Shortest Path Netsukuku	This document describes the QSPN , the routing discovery algorithm used by Netsukuku . Through a deductive analysis the main proprieties of the QSPN are shown . Moreover , a second version of the algorithm , is presented .
0705.0819	cs.NI	The Netsukuku network topology	In this document , we describe the fractal structure of the Netsukuku topology . Moreover , we show how it is possible to use the QSPN v2 on the high levels of the fractal .
0705.0820	cs.NI	ANDNA : the distributed hostname management system of Netsukuku	We present the Abnormal Netsukuku Domain Name Anarchy system . ANDNA is the distributed , non hierarchical and decentralised system of hostname management used in the Netsukuku network .
0705.0828	cs.CV	Enhancement of Noisy Planar Nuclear Medicine Images using Mean Field Annealing	Nuclear medicine ( NM ) images inherently suffer from large amounts of noise and blur . The purpose of this research is to reduce the noise and blur while maintaining image integrity for improved diagnosis . The proposed solution is to increase image quality after the standard pre- and post-processing undertaken by a gamma camera system . Mean Field Annealing ( MFA ) is the image processing technique used in this research . It is a computational iterative technique that makes use of the Point Spread Function ( PSF ) and the noise associated with the NM image . MFA is applied to NM images with the objective of reducing noise while not compromising edge integrity . Using a sharpening filter as a post-processing technique ( after MFA ) yields image enhancement of planar NM images .
