0801.0061	cs.IT cs.CR math.IT	Security for Wiretap Networks via Rank-Metric Codes	The problem of securing a network coding communication system against a wiretapper adversary is considered . The network implements linear network coding to deliver $ n $ packets from source to each receiver , and the wiretapper can eavesdrop on $ \mu $ arbitrarily chosen links . A coding scheme is proposed that can achieve the maximum possible rate of $ k=n-\mu $ packets that are information-theoretically secure from the adversary . A distinctive feature of our scheme is that it is universal : it can be applied on top of any communication network without requiring knowledge of or any modifications on the underlying network code . In fact , even a randomized network code can be used . Our approach is based on Rouayheb-Soljanin 's formulation of a wiretap network as a generalization of the Ozarow-Wyner wiretap channel of type II . Essentially , the linear MDS code in Ozarow-Wyner 's coset coding scheme is replaced by a maximum-rank-distance code over an extension of the field in which linear network coding operations are performed .
0801.0092	cs.GT	Nash bargaining with a nondeterministic threat	We consider bargaining problems which involve two participants , with a nonempty closed , bounded convex bargaining set of points in the real plane representing all realizable bargains . We also assume that there is no definite threat or disagreement point which will provide the default bargain if the players can not agree on some point in the bargaining set . However , there is a nondeterministic threat : if the players fail to agree on a bargain , one of them will be chosen at random with equal probability , and that chosen player will select any realizable bargain as the solution , subject to a reasonable restriction .
0801.0102	cs.IT cs.DS math.IT	Reserved-Length Prefix Coding	Huffman coding finds an optimal prefix code for a given probability mass function . Consider situations in which one wishes to find an optimal code with the restriction that all codewords have lengths that lie in a user-specified set of lengths ( or , equivalently , no codewords have lengths that lie in a complementary set ) . This paper introduces a polynomial-time dynamic programming algorithm that finds optimal codes for this reserved-length prefix coding problem . This has applications to quickly encoding and decoding lossless codes . In addition , one modification of the approach solves any quasiarithmetic prefix coding problem , while another finds optimal codes restricted to the set of codes with g codeword lengths for user-specified g ( e.g. , g=2 ) .
