0708.2021	cs.CY cs.NE	Who is the best connected EC researcher ? Centrality analysis of the complex network of authors in evolutionary computation	Co-authorship graphs ( that is , the graph of authors linked by co-authorship of papers ) are complex networks , which expresses the dynamics of a complex system . Only recently its study has started to draw interest from the EC community , the first paper dealing with it having been published two years ago . In this paper we will study the co-authorship network of EC at a microscopic level . Our objective is ascertaining which are the most relevant nodes ( i.e . authors ) in it . For this purpose , we examine several metrics defined in the complex-network literature , and analyze them both in isolation and combined within a Pareto-dominance approach . The result of our analysis indicates that there are some well-known researchers that appear systematically in top rankings . This also provides some hints on the social behavior of our community .
0708.2026	cs.IT math.IT	Derivative of BICM Mutual Information	In this letter we determine the derivative of the mutual information corresponding to bit-interleaved coded modulation systems . The derivative follows as a linear combination of minimum-mean-squared error functions of coded modulation sets . The result finds applications to the analysis of communications systems in the wideband regime and to the design of power allocation over parallel channels .
0708.2076	cs.DB	Repairing Inconsistent XML Write-Access Control Policies	XML access control policies involving updates may contain security flaws , here called inconsistencies , in which a forbidden operation may be simulated by performing a sequence of allowed operations . This paper investigates the problem of deciding whether a policy is consistent , and if not , how its inconsistencies can be repaired . We consider policies expressed in terms of annotated DTDs defining which operations are allowed or denied for the XML trees that are instances of the DTD . We show that consistency is decidable in PTIME for such policies and that consistent partial policies can be extended to unique `` least-privilege '' consistent total policies . We also consider repair problems based on deleting privileges to restore consistency , show that finding minimal repairs is NP-complete , and give heuristics for finding repairs .
0708.2084	cs.IT math.IT	Empirical entropy in context	We trace the history of empirical entropy , touching briefly on its relation to Markov processes , normal numbers , Shannon entropy , the Chomsky hierarchy , Kolmogorov complexity , Ziv-Lempel compression , de Bruijn sequences and stochastic complexity .
0708.2105	cs.CC	Attribute Estimation and Testing Quasi-Symmetry	A Boolean function is symmetric if it is invariant under all permutations of its arguments ; it is quasi-symmetric if it is symmetric with respect to the arguments on which it actually depends . We present a test that accepts every quasi-symmetric function and , except with an error probability at most delta > 0 , rejects every function that differs from every quasi-symmetric function on at least a fraction epsilon > 0 of the inputs . For a function of n arguments , the test probes the function at O ( ( n/epsilon ) \log ( n/delta ) ) inputs . Our quasi-symmetry test acquires information concerning the arguments on which the function actually depends . To do this , it employs a generalization of the property testing paradigm that we call attribute estimation . Like property testing , attribute estimation uses random sampling to obtain results that have only `` one-sided '' errors and that are close to accurate with high probability .
