0705.2084	cs.NI	CDMA Technology for Intelligent Transportation Systems	Scientists and Technologists involved in the development of radar and remote sensing systems all over the world are now trying to involve themselves in saving of manpower in the form of developing a new application of their ideas in Intelligent Transport system ( ITS ) . The world statistics shows that by incorporating such wireless radar system in the car would decrease the world road accident by 8-10 % yearly . The wireless technology has to be chosen properly which is capable of tackling the severe interferences present in the open road . A combined digital technology like Spread spectrum along with diversity reception will help a lot in this regard . Accordingly , the choice is for FHSS based space diversity system which will utilize carrier frequency around 5.8 GHz ISM band with available bandwidth of 80 MHz and no license . For efficient design , the radio channel is characterized on which the design is based . Out of two available modes e.g . Communication and Radar modes , the radar mode is providing the conditional measurement of the range of the nearest car after authentication of the received code , thus ensuring the reliability and accuracy of measurement . To make the system operational in simultaneous mode , we have started the Software Defined Radio approach for best speed and flexibility .
0705.2085	cs.NI	RADAR Imaging in the Open field At 300 MHz-3000 MHz Radio Band	With the technological growth of broadband wireless technology like CDMA and UWB , a lots of development efforts towards wireless communication system and Imaging radar system are well justified . Efforts are also being imparted towards a Convergence Technology.. the convergence between a communication and radar technology which will result in ITS ( Intelligent Transport System ) and other applications . This encourages present authors for this development . They are trying to utilize or converge the communication technologies towards radar and to achieve the Interference free and clutter free quality remote images of targets using DS-UWB wireless technology .
0705.2106	cs.DL cs.IR	Scientific citations in Wikipedia	The Internet-based encyclopaedia Wikipedia has grown to become one of the most visited web-sites on the Internet . However , critics have questioned the quality of entries , and an empirical study has shown Wikipedia to contain errors in a 2005 sample of science entries . Biased coverage and lack of sources are among the `` Wikipedia risks '' . The present work describes a simple assessment of these aspects by examining the outbound links from Wikipedia articles to articles in scientific journals with a comparison against journal statistics from Journal Citation Reports such as impact factors . The results show an increasing use of structured citation markup and good agreement with the citation pattern seen in the scientific literature though with a slight tendency to cite articles in high-impact journals such as Nature and Science . These results increase confidence in Wikipedia as an good information organizer for science in general .
0705.2125	cs.DS cs.CC	Parallelized approximation algorithms for minimum routing cost spanning trees	We parallelize several previously proposed algorithms for the minimum routing cost spanning tree problem and some related problems .
0705.2126	cs.PL	Improvements to the Psi-SSA representation	Modern compiler implementations use the Static Single Assignment representation as a way to efficiently implement optimizing algorithms . However this representation is not well adapted to architectures with a predicated instruction set . The Psi-SSA representation extends the SSA representation such that standard SSA algorithms can be easily adapted to an architecture with a fully predicated instruction set . A new pseudo operation , the Psi operation , is introduced to merge several conditional definitions into a unique definition .
0705.2137	cs.DM	Best insertion algorithm for resource-constrained project scheduling problem	This paper considers heuristics for well known resource-constrained project scheduling problem ( RCPSP ) . First a feasible schedule is constructed using randomized best insertion algorithm . The construction is followed by a local search where a new solution is generated as follows : first we randomly delete m activities from the list , which are then reinserted in the list in consecutive order . At the end of run , the schedule with the minimum makespan is selected . Experimental work shows very good results on standard test instances found in PSPLIB
0705.2145	cs.PL	Elementary transformation analysis for Array-OL	Array-OL is a high-level specification language dedicated to the definition of intensive signal processing applications . Several tools exist for implementing an Array-OL specification as a data parallel program . While Array-OL can be used directly , it is often convenient to be able to deduce part of the specification from a sequential version of the application . This paper proposes such an analysis and examines its feasibility and its limits .
0705.2170	cs.GT	Sequential mechanism design	In the customary VCG ( Vickrey-Clarke-Groves ) mechanism truth-telling is a dominant strategy . In this paper we study the sequential VCG mechanism and show that other dominant strategies may then exist . We illustrate how this fact can be used to minimize taxes using examples concerned with Clarke tax and public projects .
0705.2205	cs.LO cs.FL	From Nondeterministic B\ '' uchi and Streett Automata to Deterministic Parity Automata	In this paper we revisit Safra 's determinization constructions for automata on infinite words . We show how to construct deterministic automata with fewer states and , most importantly , parity acceptance conditions . Determinization is used in numerous applications , such as reasoning about tree automata , satisfiability of CTL* , and realizability and synthesis of logical specifications . The upper bounds for all these applications are reduced by using the smaller deterministic automata produced by our construction . In addition , the parity acceptance conditions allows to use more efficient algorithms ( when compared to handling Rabin or Streett acceptance conditions ) .
0705.2229	cs.CC cs.LO	On tractability and congruence distributivity	Constraint languages that arise from finite algebras have recently been the object of study , especially in connection with the Dichotomy Conjecture of Feder and Vardi . An important class of algebras are those that generate congruence distributive varieties and included among this class are lattices , and more generally , those algebras that have near-unanimity term operations . An algebra will generate a congruence distributive variety if and only if it has a sequence of ternary term operations , called Jonsson terms , that satisfy certain equations . We prove that constraint languages consisting of relations that are invariant under a short sequence of Jonsson terms are tractable by showing that such languages have bounded relational width .
0705.2235	cs.AI	Response Prediction of Structural System Subject to Earthquake Motions using Artificial Neural Network	This paper uses Artificial Neural Network ( ANN ) models to compute response of structural system subject to Indian earthquakes at Chamoli and Uttarkashi ground motion data . The system is first trained for a single real earthquake data . The trained ANN architecture is then used to simulate earthquakes with various intensities and it was found that the predicted responses given by ANN model are accurate for practical purposes . When the ANN is trained by a part of the ground motion data , it can also identify the responses of the structural system well . In this way the safeness of the structural systems may be predicted in case of future earthquakes without waiting for the earthquake to occur for the lessons . Time period and the corresponding maximum response of the building for an earthquake has been evaluated , which is again trained to predict the maximum response of the building at different time periods . The trained time period versus maximum response ANN model is also tested for real earthquake data of other place , which was not used in the training and was found to be in good agreement .
0705.2236	cs.AI	Fault Classification using Pseudomodal Energies and Neuro-fuzzy modelling	This paper presents a fault classification method which makes use of a Takagi-Sugeno neuro-fuzzy model and Pseudomodal energies calculated from the vibration signals of cylindrical shells . The calculation of Pseudomodal Energies , for the purposes of condition monitoring , has previously been found to be an accurate method of extracting features from vibration signals . This calculation is therefore used to extract features from vibration signals obtained from a diverse population of cylindrical shells . Some of the cylinders in the population have faults in different substructures . The pseudomodal energies calculated from the vibration signals are then used as inputs to a neuro-fuzzy model . A leave-one-out cross-validation process is used to test the performance of the model . It is found that the neuro-fuzzy model is able to classify faults with an accuracy of 91.62 % , which is higher than the previously used multilayer perceptron .
0705.2270	cs.IT math.IT	Multi-Access MIMO Systems with Finite Rate Channel State Feedback	This paper characterizes the effect of finite rate channel state feedback on the sum rate of a multi-access multiple-input multiple-output ( MIMO ) system . We propose to control the users jointly , specifically , we first choose the users jointly and then select the corresponding beamforming vectors jointly . To quantify the sum rate , this paper introduces the composite Grassmann manifold and the composite Grassmann matrix . By characterizing the distortion rate function on the composite Grassmann manifold and calculating the logdet function of a random composite Grassmann matrix , a good sum rate approximation is derived . According to the distortion rate function on the composite Grassmann manifold , the loss due to finite beamforming decreases exponentially as the feedback bits on beamforming increases .
0705.2272	cs.IT math.IT	Quantization Bounds on Grassmann Manifolds of Arbitrary Dimensions and MIMO Communications with Feedback	This paper considers the quantization problem on the Grassmann manifold with dimension n and p. The unique contribution is the derivation of a closed-form formula for the volume of a metric ball in the Grassmann manifold when the radius is sufficiently small . This volume formula holds for Grassmann manifolds with arbitrary dimension n and p , while previous results are only valid for either p=1 or a fixed p with asymptotically large n. Based on the volume formula , the Gilbert-Varshamov and Hamming bounds for sphere packings are obtained . Assuming a uniformly distributed source and a distortion metric based on the squared chordal distance , tight lower and upper bounds are established for the distortion rate tradeoff . Simulation results match the derived results . As an application of the derived quantization bounds , the information rate of a Multiple-Input Multiple-Output ( MIMO ) system with finite-rate channel-state feedback is accurately quantified for arbitrary finite number of antennas , while previous results are only valid for either Multiple-Input Single-Output ( MISO ) systems or those with asymptotically large number of transmit antennas but fixed number of receive antennas .
0705.2273	cs.IT math.IT	On the Information Rate of MIMO Systems with Finite Rate Channel State Feedback and Power On/Off Strategy	This paper quantifies the information rate of multiple-input multiple-output ( MIMO ) systems with finite rate channel state feedback and power on/off strategy . In power on/off strategy , a beamforming vector ( beam ) is either turned on ( denoted by on-beam ) with a constant power or turned off . We prove that the ratio of the optimal number of on-beams and the number of antennas converges to a constant for a given signal-to-noise ratio ( SNR ) when the number of transmit and receive antennas approaches infinity simultaneously and when beamforming is perfect . Based on this result , a near optimal strategy , i.e. , power on/off strategy with a constant number of on-beams , is discussed . For such a strategy , we propose the power efficiency factor to quantify the effect of imperfect beamforming . A formula is proposed to compute the maximum power efficiency factor achievable given a feedback rate . The information rate of the overall MIMO system can be approximated by combining the asymptotic results and the formula for power efficiency factor . Simulations show that this approximation is accurate for all SNR regimes .
0705.2274	cs.IT math.IT	How Many Users should be Turned On in a Multi-Antenna Broadcast Channel ?	This paper considers broadcast channels with L antennas at the base station and m single-antenna users , where each user has perfect channel knowledge and the base station obtains channel information through a finite rate feedback . The key observation of this paper is that the optimal number of on-users ( users turned on ) , say s , is a function of signal-to-noise ratio ( SNR ) and other system parameters . Towards this observation , we use asymptotic analysis to guide the design of feedback and transmission strategies . As L , m and the feedback rates approach infinity linearly , we derive the asymptotic optimal feedback strategy and a realistic criterion to decide which users should be turned on . Define the corresponding asymptotic throughput per antenna as the spatial efficiency . It is a function of the number of on-users s , and therefore , s should be appropriately chosen . Based on the above asymptotic results , we also develop a scheme for a system with finite many antennas and users . Compared with other works where s is presumed constant , our scheme achieves a significant gain by choosing the appropriate s. Furthermore , our analysis and scheme is valid for heterogeneous systems where different users may have different path loss coefficients and feedback rates .
