0704.0492	cs.CR	Refuting the Pseudo Attack on the REESSE1+ Cryptosystem	We illustrate through example 1 and 2 that the condition at theorem 1 in [ 8 ] dissatisfies necessity , and the converse proposition of fact 1.1 in [ 8 ] does not hold , namely the condition Z/M - L/Ak < 1/ ( 2 Ak^2 ) is not sufficient for f ( i ) + f ( j ) = f ( k ) . Illuminate through an analysis and ex.3 that there is a logic error during deduction of fact 1.2 , which causes each of fact 1.2 , 1.3 , 4 to be invalid . Demonstrate through ex.4 and 5 that each or the combination of qu+1 > qu * D at fact 4 and table 1 at fact 2.2 is not sufficient for f ( i ) + f ( j ) = f ( k ) , property 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 each are invalid , and alg.1 based on fact 4 and alg.2 based on table 1 are disordered and wrong logically . Further , manifest through a repeated experiment and ex.5 that the data at table 2 is falsified , and the example in [ 8 ] is woven elaborately . We explain why Cx = Ax * W^f ( x ) ( % M ) is changed to Cx = ( Ax * W^f ( x ) ) ^d ( % M ) in REESSE1+ v2.1 . To the signature fraud , we point out that [ 8 ] misunderstands the existence of T^-1 and Q^-1 % ( M-1 ) , and forging of Q can be easily avoided through moving H. Therefore , the conclusion of [ 8 ] that REESSE1+ is not secure at all ( which connotes that [ 8 ] can extract a related private key from any public key in REESSE1+ ) is fully incorrect , and as long as the parameter Omega is fitly selected , REESSE1+ with Cx = Ax * W^f ( x ) ( % M ) is secure .
0704.0499	cs.IT math.IT	Optimal Routing for Decode-and-Forward based Cooperation in Wireless Networks	We investigate cooperative wireless relay networks in which the nodes can help each other in data transmission . We study different coding strategies in the single-source single-destination network with many relay nodes . Given the myriad of ways in which nodes can cooperate , there is a natural routing problem , i.e. , determining an ordered set of nodes to relay the data from the source to the destination . We find that for a given route , the decode-and-forward strategy , which is an information theoretic cooperative coding strategy , achieves rates significantly higher than that achievable by the usual multi-hop coding strategy , which is a point-to-point non-cooperative coding strategy . We construct an algorithm to find an optimal route ( in terms of rate maximizing ) for the decode-and-forward strategy . Since the algorithm runs in factorial time in the worst case , we propose a heuristic algorithm that runs in polynomial time . The heuristic algorithm outputs an optimal route when the nodes transmit independent codewords . We implement these coding strategies using practical low density parity check codes to compare the performance of the strategies on different routes .
0704.0528	cs.NI cs.IT math.IT	Many-to-One Throughput Capacity of IEEE 802.11 Multi-hop Wireless Networks	This paper investigates the many-to-one throughput capacity ( and by symmetry , one-to-many throughput capacity ) of IEEE 802.11 multi-hop networks . It has generally been assumed in prior studies that the many-to-one throughput capacity is upper-bounded by the link capacity L. Throughput capacity L is not achievable under 802.11 . This paper introduces the notion of `` canonical networks '' , which is a class of regularly-structured networks whose capacities can be analyzed more easily than unstructured networks . We show that the throughput capacity of canonical networks under 802.11 has an analytical upper bound of 3L/4 when the source nodes are two or more hops away from the sink ; and simulated throughputs of 0.690L ( 0.740L ) when the source nodes are many hops away . We conjecture that 3L/4 is also the upper bound for general networks . When all links have equal length , 2L/3 can be shown to be the upper bound for general networks . Our simulations show that 802.11 networks with random topologies operated with AODV routing can only achieve throughputs far below the upper bounds . Fortunately , by properly selecting routes near the gateway ( or by properly positioning the relay nodes leading to the gateway ) to fashion after the structure of canonical networks , the throughput can be improved significantly by more than 150 % . Indeed , in a dense network , it is worthwhile to deactivate some of the relay nodes near the sink judiciously .
0704.0540	cs.IT math.IT	On the Achievable Rate Regions for Interference Channels with Degraded Message Sets	The interference channel with degraded message sets ( IC-DMS ) refers to a communication model in which two senders attempt to communicate with their respective receivers simultaneously through a common medium , and one of the senders has complete and a priori ( non-causal ) knowledge about the message being transmitted by the other . A coding scheme that collectively has advantages of cooperative coding , collaborative coding , and dirty paper coding , is developed for such a channel . With resorting to this coding scheme , achievable rate regions of the IC-DMS in both discrete memoryless and Gaussian cases are derived , which , in general , include several previously known rate regions . Numerical examples for the Gaussian case demonstrate that in the high-interference-gain regime , the derived achievable rate regions offer considerable improvements over these existing results .
0704.0590	cs.IT math.IT	A Low Complexity Algorithm and Architecture for Systematic Encoding of Hermitian Codes	We present an algorithm for systematic encoding of Hermitian codes . For a Hermitian code defined over GF ( q^2 ) , the proposed algorithm achieves a run time complexity of O ( q^2 ) and is suitable for VLSI implementation . The encoder architecture uses as main blocks q varying-rate Reed-Solomon encoders and achieves a space complexity of O ( q^2 ) in terms of finite field multipliers and memory elements .
0704.0671	cs.IT cs.LG math.IT	Learning from compressed observations	The problem of statistical learning is to construct a predictor of a random variable $ Y $ as a function of a related random variable $ X $ on the basis of an i.i.d . training sample from the joint distribution of $ ( X , Y ) $ . Allowable predictors are drawn from some specified class , and the goal is to approach asymptotically the performance ( expected loss ) of the best predictor in the class . We consider the setting in which one has perfect observation of the $ X $ -part of the sample , while the $ Y $ -part has to be communicated at some finite bit rate . The encoding of the $ Y $ -values is allowed to depend on the $ X $ -values . Under suitable regularity conditions on the admissible predictors , the underlying family of probability distributions and the loss function , we give an information-theoretic characterization of achievable predictor performance in terms of conditional distortion-rate functions . The ideas are illustrated on the example of nonparametric regression in Gaussian noise .
