0706.1118	cs.LO	Asynchronous games : innocence without alternation	The notion of innocent strategy was introduced by Hyland and Ong in order to capture the interactive behaviour of lambda-terms and PCF programs . An innocent strategy is defined as an alternating strategy with partial memory , in which the strategy plays according to its view . Extending the definition to non-alternating strategies is problematic , because the traditional definition of views is based on the hypothesis that Opponent and Proponent alternate during the interaction . Here , we take advantage of the diagrammatic reformulation of alternating innocence in asynchronous games , in order to provide a tentative definition of innocence in non-alternating games . The task is interesting , and far from easy . It requires the combination of true concurrency and game semantics in a clean and organic way , clarifying the relationship between asynchronous games and concurrent games in the sense of Abramsky and Melli\`es . It also requires an interactive reformulation of the usual acyclicity criterion of linear logic , as well as a directed variant , as a scheduling criterion .
0706.1119	cs.CE	Cointegration of the Daily Electric Power System Load and the Weather	The paper makes a thermal predictive analysis of the electric power system security for a day ahead . This predictive analysis is set as a thermal computation of the expected security . This computation is obtained by cointegrating the daily electric power systen load and the weather , by finding the daily electric power system thermodynamics and by introducing tests for this thermodynamics . The predictive analysis made shows the electricity consumers ' wisdom .
0706.1127	cs.CY cs.HC	Redesigning Computer-based Learning Environments : Evaluation as Communication	In the field of evaluation research , computer scientists live constantly upon dilemmas and conflicting theories . As evaluation is differently perceived and modeled among educational areas , it is not difficult to become trapped in dilemmas , which reflects an epistemological weakness . Additionally , designing and developing a computer-based learning scenario is not an easy task . Advancing further , with end-users probing the system in realistic settings , is even harder . Computer science research in evaluation faces an immense challenge , having to cope with contributions from several conflicting and controversial research fields . We believe that deep changes must be made in our field if we are to advance beyond the CBT ( computer-based training ) learning model and to build an adequate epistemology for this challenge . The first task is to relocate our field by building upon recent results from philosophy , psychology , social sciences , and engineering . In this article we locate evaluation in respect to communication studies . Evaluation presupposes a definition of goals to be reached , and we suggest that it is , by many means , a silent communication between teacher and student , peers , and institutional entities . If we accept that evaluation can be viewed as set of invisible rules known by nobody , but somehow understood by everybody , we should add anthropological inquiries to our research toolkit . The paper is organized around some elements of the social communication and how they convey new insights to evaluation research for computer and related scientists . We found some technical limitations and offer discussions on how we relate to technology at same time we establish expectancies and perceive others work .
0706.1130	cs.NI cs.AR cs.CY cs.HC	A Communication Model for Adaptive Service Provisioning in Hybrid Wireless Networks	Mobile entities with wireless links are able to form a mobile ad-hoc network . Such an infrastructureless network does not have to be administrated . However , self-organizing principles have to be applied to deal with upcoming problems , e.g . information dissemination . These kinds of problems are not easy to tackle , requiring complex algorithms . Moreover , the usefulness of pure ad-hoc networks is arguably limited . Hence , enthusiasm for mobile ad-hoc networks , which could eliminate the need for any fixed infrastructure , has been damped . The goal is to overcome the limitations of pure ad-hoc networks by augmenting them with instant Internet access , e.g . via integration of UMTS respectively GSM links . However , this raises multiple questions at the technical as well as the organizational level . Motivated by characteristics of small-world networks that describe an efficient network even without central or organized design , this paper proposes to combine mobile ad-hoc networks and infrastructured networks to form hybrid wireless networks . One main objective is to investigate how this approach can reduce the costs of a permanent backbone link and providing in the same way the benefits of useful information from Internet connectivity or service providers . For the purpose of bridging between the different types of networks , an adequate middleware service is the focus of our investigation . This paper shows our first steps forward to this middleware by introducing the Injection Communication paradigm as principal concept .
0706.1137	cs.AI	Automatically Restructuring Practice Guidelines using the GEM DTD	This paper describes a system capable of semi-automatically filling an XML template from free texts in the clinical domain ( practice guidelines ) . The XML template includes semantic information not explicitly encoded in the text ( pairs of conditions and actions/recommendations ) . Therefore , there is a need to compute the exact scope of conditions over text sequences expressing the required actions . We present a system developed for this task . We show that it yields good performance when applied to the analysis of French practice guidelines .
0706.1141	cs.MM cs.NI	Multimedia Content Distribution in Hybrid Wireless Networks using Weighted Clustering	Fixed infrastructured networks naturally support centralized approaches for group management and information provisioning . Contrary to infrastructured networks , in multi-hop ad-hoc networks each node acts as a router as well as sender and receiver . Some applications , however , requires hierarchical arrangements that-for practical reasons-has to be done locally and self-organized . An additional challenge is to deal with mobility that causes permanent network partitioning and re-organizations . Technically , these problems can be tackled by providing additional uplinks to a backbone network , which can be used to access resources in the Internet as well as to inter-link multiple ad-hoc network partitions , creating a hybrid wireless network . In this paper , we present a prototypically implemented hybrid wireless network system optimized for multimedia content distribution . To efficiently manage the ad-hoc communicating devices a weighted clustering algorithm is introduced . The proposed localized algorithm deals with mobility , but does not require geographical information or distances .
0706.1142	cs.DC cs.NI	Localized Support for Injection Point Election in Hybrid Networks	Ad-hoc networks , a promising trend in wireless technology , fail to work properly in a global setting . In most cases , self-organization and cost-free local communication can not compensate the need for being connected , gathering urgent information just-in-time . Equipping mobile devices additionally with GSM or UMTS adapters in order to communicate with arbitrary remote devices or even a fixed network infrastructure provides an opportunity . Devices that operate as intermediate nodes between the ad-hoc network and a reliable backbone network are potential injection points . They allow disseminating received information within the local neighborhood . The effectiveness of different devices to serve as injection point differs substantially . For practical reasons the determination of injection points should be done locally , within the ad-hoc network partitions . We analyze different localized algorithms using at most 2-hop neighboring information . Results show that devices selected this way spread information more efficiently through the ad-hoc network . Our results can also be applied in order to support the election process for clusterheads in the field of clustering mechanisms .
0706.1151	cs.NI cs.DC	A taxonomic Approach to Topology Control in Ad-hoc and Wireless Networks	Topology Control ( TC ) aims at tuning the topology of highly dynamic networks to provide better control over network resources and to increase the efficiency of communication . Recently , many TC protocols have been proposed . The protocols are designed for preserving connectivity , minimizing energy consumption , maximizing the overall network coverage or network capacity . Each TC protocol makes different assumptions about the network topology , environment detection resources , and control capacities . This circumstance makes it extremely difficult to comprehend the role and purpose of each protocol . To tackle this situation , a taxonomy for TC protocols is presented throughout this paper . Additionally , some TC protocols are classified based upon this taxonomy .
0706.1162	cs.HC	The multiple viewpoints as approach to information retrieval within collaborative development context	Nowadays , to achieve competitive advantage , the industrial companies are considering that success is sustained to great product development . That is to manage the product throughout its entire lifecycle . Achieving this goal requires a tight collaboration between actors from a wide variety of domains , using different software tools producing various product data types and formats . The actors ' collaboration is mainly based on the exchange /share product information . The representation of the actors ' viewpoints is the underlying requirement of the collaborative product development . The multiple viewpoints approach was designed to provide an organizational framework following the actors ' perspectives in the collaboration , and their relationships . The approach acknowledges the inevitability of multiple integration of product information as different views , promotes gathering of actors ' interest , and encourages retrieved adequate information while providing support for integration through PLM and/or SCM collaboration . In this paper , a multiple viewpoints representation is proposed . The product , process , organization information models are discussed . A series of issues referring to the viewpoints representation are discussed in detail . Based on XML standard , taking electrical connector as an example , an application case of part of product information modeling is stated .
0706.1169	cs.IT cond-mat.stat-mech math.IT	Vector Precoding for Wireless MIMO Systems : A Replica Analysis	We apply the replica method to analyze vector precoding , a method to reduce transmit power in antenna array communications . The analysis applies to a very general class of channel matrices . The statistics of the channel matrix enter the transmitted energy per symbol via its R-transform . We find that vector precoding performs much better for complex than for real alphabets . As a byproduct , we find a nonlinear precoding method with polynomial complexity that outperforms NP-hard Tomlinson-Harashima precoding for binary modulation on complex channels if the number of transmit antennas is slightly larger than twice the number of receive antennas .
0706.1179	cs.OH cs.IR	Collaborative product and process model : Multiple Viewpoints approach	The design and development of complex products invariably involves many actors who have different points of view on the problem they are addressing , the product being developed , and the process by which it is being developed . The actors ' viewpoints approach was designed to provide an organisational framework in which these different perspectives or points of views , and their relationships , could be explicitly gathered and formatted ( by actor activity's focus ) . The approach acknowledges the inevitability of multiple interpretation of product information as different views , promotes gathering of actors' interests , and encourages retrieved adequate information while providing support for integration through PLM and/or SCM collaboration . In this paper , we present our multiple viewpoints approach , and we illustrate it by an industrial example on cyclone vessel product .
0706.1201	cs.CY cs.HC cs.NI	Developing a Collaborative and Autonomous Training and Learning Environment for Hybrid Wireless Networks	With larger memory capacities and the ability to link into wireless networks , more and more students uses palmtop and handheld computers for learning activities . However , existing software for Web-based learning is not well-suited for such mobile devices , both due to constrained user interfaces as well as communication effort required . A new generation of applications for the learning domain that is explicitly designed to work on these kinds of small mobile devices has to be developed . For this purpose , we introduce CARLA , a cooperative learning system that is designed to act in hybrid wireless networks . As a cooperative environment , CARLA aims at disseminating teaching material , notes , and even components of itself through both fixed and mobile networks to interested nodes . Due to the mobility of nodes , CARLA deals with upcoming problems such as network partitions and synchronization of teaching material , resource dependencies , and time constraints .
