0801.0159	cs.DM	Interval Edge Colorings of Mobius Ladders	An interval edge t-coloring of a graph G is a proper edge coloring of G with colors 1,2 ... , t such that at least one edge of G is colored by color i , i=1,2 ... , t , and the edges incident with each vertex x are colored by d_ { G } ( x ) consecutive colors , where d_ { G } ( x ) is the degree of the vertex x in G. For Mobius ladders the existence of this coloring is proved and all possible numbers of colors in such colorings are found .
0801.0232	cs.AI cs.LO	Does intelligence imply contradiction ?	Contradiction is often seen as a defect of intelligent systems and a dangerous limitation on efficiency . In this paper we raise the question of whether , on the contrary , it could be considered a key tool in increasing intelligence in biological structures . A possible way of answering this question in a mathematical context is shown , formulating a proposition that suggests a link between intelligence and contradiction . A concrete approach is presented in the well-defined setting of cellular automata . Here we define the models of `` observer '' , `` entity '' , `` environment '' , `` intelligence '' and `` contradiction '' . These definitions , which roughly correspond to the common meaning of these words , allow us to deduce a simple but strong result about these concepts in an unbiased , mathematical manner . Evidence for a real-world counterpart to the demonstrated formal link between intelligence and contradiction is provided by three computational experiments .
0801.0249	cs.MA cs.DM math.CO	A mathematical formalism for agent-based modeling	Many complex systems can be modeled as multiagent systems in which the constituent entities ( agents ) interact with each other . The global dynamics of such a system is determined by the nature of the local interactions among the agents . Since it is difficult to formally analyze complex multiagent systems , they are often studied through computer simulations . While computer simulations can be very useful , results obtained through simulations do not formally validate the observed behavior . Thus , there is a need for a mathematical framework which one can use to represent multiagent systems and formally establish their properties . This work contains a brief exposition of some known mathematical frameworks that can model multiagent systems . The focus is on one such framework , namely that of finite dynamical systems . Both , deterministic and stochastic versions of this framework are discussed . The paper contains a sampling of the mathematical results from the literature to show how finite dynamical systems can be used to carry out a rigorous study of the properties of multiagent systems and it is shown how the framework can also serve as a universal model for computation .
0801.0258	cs.CG	On the Maximum Span of Fixed-Angle Chains	Soss proved that it is NP-hard to find the maximum 2D span of a fixed-angle polygonal chain : the largest distance achievable between the endpoints in a planar embedding . These fixed-angle chains can serve as models of protein backbones . The corresponding problem in 3D is open . We show that three special cases of particular relevance to the protein model are solvable in polynomial time . When all link lengths and all angles are equal , the maximum 3D span is achieved in a flat configuration and can be computed in constant time . When all angles are equal and the chain is simple ( non-self-crossing ) , the maximum flat span can be found in linear time . In 3D , when all angles are equal to 90 deg ( but the link lengths arbitrary ) , the maximum 3D span is in general nonplanar but can be found in quadratic time .
