0705.2819	cs.NI cs.PF	An Autonomous Distributed Admission Control Scheme for IEEE 802.11 DCF	Admission control as a mechanism for providing QoS requires an accurate description of the requested flow as well as already admitted flows . Since 802.11 WLAN capacity is shared between flows belonging to all stations , admission control requires knowledge of all flows in the WLAN . Further , estimation of the load-dependent WLAN capacity through analytical model requires inputs about channel data rate , payload size and the number of stations . These factors combined point to a centralized admission control whereas for 802.11 DCF it is ideally performed in a distributed manner . The use of measurements from the channel avoids explicit inputs about the state of the channel described above . BUFFET , a model based measurement-assisted distributed admission control scheme for DCF proposed in this paper relies on measurements to derive model inputs and predict WLAN saturation , thereby maintaining average delay within acceptable limits . Being measurement based , it adapts to a combination of data rates and payload sizes , making it completely autonomous and distributed . Performance analysis using OPNET simulations suggests that BUFFET is able to ensure average delay under 7ms at a near-optimal throughput .
0705.2835	cs.CG cs.CC	Voronoi Diagram of Polygonal Chains under the Discrete Fr\'echet Distance	Polygonal chains are fundamental objects in many applications like pattern recognition and protein structure alignment . A well-known measure to characterize the similarity of two polygonal chains is the famous Fr\` { e } chet distance . In this paper , for the first time , we consider the Voronoi diagram of polygonal chains in $ d $ -dimension ( $ d=2,3 $ ) under the discrete Fr\` { e } chet distance . Given $ n $ polygonal chains $ { \cal C } $ in $ d $ -dimension ( $ d=2,3 $ ) , each with at most $ k $ vertices , we prove fundamental properties of such a Voronoi diagram { \em VD } $ _F ( { \cal C } ) $ by presenting the first known upper and lower bounds for { \em VD } $ _F ( { \cal C } ) $ .
0705.2847	cs.IT math.IT	Capacity of Sparse Multipath Channels in the Ultra-Wideband Regime	This paper studies the ergodic capacity of time- and frequency-selective multipath fading channels in the ultrawideband ( UWB ) regime when training signals are used for channel estimation at the receiver . Motivated by recent measurement results on UWB channels , we propose a model for sparse multipath channels . A key implication of sparsity is that the independent degrees of freedom ( DoF ) in the channel scale sub-linearly with the signal space dimension ( product of signaling duration and bandwidth ) . Sparsity is captured by the number of resolvable paths in delay and Doppler . Our analysis is based on a training and communication scheme that employs signaling over orthogonal short-time Fourier ( STF ) basis functions . STF signaling naturally relates sparsity in delay-Doppler to coherence in time-frequency . We study the impact of multipath sparsity on two fundamental metrics of spectral efficiency in the wideband/low-SNR limit introduced by Verdu : first- and second-order optimality conditions . Recent results by Zheng et . al . have underscored the large gap in spectral efficiency between coherent and non-coherent extremes and the importance of channel learning in bridging the gap . Building on these results , our results lead to the following implications of multipath sparsity : 1 ) The coherence requirements are shared in both time and frequency , thereby significantly relaxing the required scaling in coherence time with SNR ; 2 ) Sparse multipath channels are asymptotically coherent -- for a given but large bandwidth , the channel can be learned perfectly and the coherence requirements for first- and second-order optimality met through sufficiently large signaling duration ; and 3 ) The requirement of peaky signals in attaining capacity is eliminated or relaxed in sparse environments .
0705.2848	cs.IT math.IT	Non-Coherent Capacity and Reliability of Sparse Multipath Channels in the Wideband Regime	In contrast to the prevalent assumption of rich multipath in information theoretic analysis of wireless channels , physical channels exhibit sparse multipath , especially at large bandwidths . We propose a model for sparse multipath fading channels and present results on the impact of sparsity on non-coherent capacity and reliability in the wideband regime . A key implication of sparsity is that the statistically independent degrees of freedom in the channel , that represent the delay-Doppler diversity afforded by multipath , scale at a sub-linear rate with the signal space dimension ( time-bandwidth product ) . Our analysis is based on a training-based communication scheme that uses short-time Fourier ( STF ) signaling waveforms . Sparsity in delay-Doppler manifests itself as time-frequency coherence in the STF domain . From a capacity perspective , sparse channels are asymptotically coherent : the gap between coherent and non-coherent extremes vanishes in the limit of large signal space dimension without the need for peaky signaling . From a reliability viewpoint , there is a fundamental tradeoff between channel diversity and learnability that can be optimized to maximize the error exponent at any rate by appropriately choosing the signaling duration as a function of bandwidth .
