0709.3384	cs.DM cs.DS	Weighted Matching in the Semi-Streaming Model	We reduce the best known approximation ratio for finding a weighted matching of a graph using a one-pass semi-streaming algorithm from 5.828 to 5.585 . The semi-streaming model forbids random access to the input and restricts the memory to O ( n*polylog ( n ) ) bits . It was introduced by Muthukrishnan in 2003 and is appropriate when dealing with massive graphs .
0709.3420	cs.NI physics.soc-ph	Co-Betweenness : A Pairwise Notion of Centrality	Betweenness centrality is a metric that seeks to quantify a sense of the importance of a vertex in a network graph in terms of its `` control '' on the distribution of information along geodesic paths throughout that network . This quantity however does not capture how different vertices participate together in such control . In order to allow for the uncovering of finer details in this regard , we introduce here an extension of betweenness centrality to pairs of vertices , which we term co-betweenness , that provides the basis for quantifying various analogous pairwise notions of importance and control . More specifically , we motivate and define a precise notion of co-betweenness , we present an efficient algorithm for its computation , extending the algorithm of Brandes in a natural manner , and we illustrate the utilization of this co-betweenness on a handful of different communication networks . From these real-world examples , we show that the co-betweenness allows one to identify certain vertices which are not the most central vertices but which , nevertheless , act as important actors in the relaying and dispatching of information in the network .
0709.3427	cs.LG cs.NE stat.AP	Mutual information for the selection of relevant variables in spectrometric nonlinear modelling	Data from spectrophotometers form vectors of a large number of exploitable variables . Building quantitative models using these variables most often requires using a smaller set of variables than the initial one . Indeed , a too large number of input variables to a model results in a too large number of parameters , leading to overfitting and poor generalization abilities . In this paper , we suggest the use of the mutual information measure to select variables from the initial set . The mutual information measures the information content in input variables with respect to the model output , without making any assumption on the model that will be used ; it is thus suitable for nonlinear modelling . In addition , it leads to the selection of variables among the initial set , and not to linear or nonlinear combinations of them . Without decreasing the model performances compared to other variable projection methods , it allows therefore a greater interpretability of the results .
0709.3461	cs.NE cs.LG	Fast Algorithm and Implementation of Dissimilarity Self-Organizing Maps	In many real world applications , data can not be accurately represented by vectors . In those situations , one possible solution is to rely on dissimilarity measures that enable sensible comparison between observations . Kohonen's Self-Organizing Map ( SOM ) has been adapted to data described only through their dissimilarity matrix . This algorithm provides both non linear projection and clustering of non vector data . Unfortunately , the algorithm suffers from a high cost that makes it quite difficult to use with voluminous data sets . In this paper , we propose a new algorithm that provides an important reduction of the theoretical cost of the dissimilarity SOM without changing its outcome ( the results are exactly the same as the ones obtained with the original algorithm ) . Moreover , we introduce implementation methods that result in very short running times . Improvements deduced from the theoretical cost model are validated on simulated and real world data ( a word list clustering problem ) . We also demonstrate that the proposed implementation methods reduce by a factor up to 3 the running time of the fast algorithm over a standard implementation .
0709.3541	cs.IT math.IT	Towards the Secrecy Capacity of the Gaussian MIMO Wire-tap Channel : The 2-2-1 Channel	We find the secrecy capacity of the 2-2-1 Gaussian MIMO wire-tap channel , which consists of a transmitter and a receiver with two antennas each , and an eavesdropper with a single antenna . We determine the secrecy capacity of this channel by proposing an achievable scheme and then developing a tight upper bound that meets the proposed achievable secrecy rate . We show that , for this channel , Gaussian signalling in the form of beam-forming is optimal , and no pre-processing of information is necessary .
0709.3553	cs.GR cs.HC	Design of moveable and resizable graphics	We are communicating with computers on two different levels . On upper level we have a very flexible system of windows : we can move them , resize , overlap or put side by side . At any moment we decide what would be the best view and reorganize the whole view easily . Then we start any application , go to the inner level , and everything changes . Here we are stripped of all the flexibility and can work only inside the scenario , developed by the designer of the program . Interface will allow us to change some tiny details , but in general everything is fixed : graphics is neither moveable , nor resizable , and the same with controls . Author designed an extremely powerful mechanism of turning graphical objects and controls into moveable and resizable . This can not only significantly improve the existing applications , but this will bring the applications to another level . ( To estimate the possible difference , try to imagine the Windows system without its flexibility and compare it with the current one . ) This article explains in details the construction and use of moveable and resizable graphical objects .
0709.3554	cs.CG cs.CC	A New Lower Bound on Guard Placement for Wireless Localization	The problem of wireless localization asks to place and orient stations in the plane , each of which broadcasts a unique key within a fixed angular range , so that each point in the plane can determine whether it is inside or outside a given polygonal region . The primary goal is to minimize the number of stations . In this paper we establish a lower bound of 2n/3 - 1 stations for polygons in general position , for the case in which the placement of stations is restricted to polygon vertices , improving upon the existing n/2 lower bound .
