0709.2016	cs.NI cs.DS	Distribution of PageRank Mass Among Principle Components of the Web	We study the PageRank mass of principal components in a bow-tie Web Graph , as a function of the damping factor c. Using a singular perturbation approach , we show that the PageRank share of IN and SCC components remains high even for very large values of the damping factor , in spite of the fact that it drops to zero when c goes to one . However , a detailed study of the OUT component reveals the presence `` dead-ends '' ( small groups of pages linking only to each other ) that receive an unfairly high ranking when c is close to one . We argue that this problem can be mitigated by choosing c as small as 1/2 .
0709.2065	cs.AI	Toward Psycho-robots	We try to perform geometrization of psychology by representing mental states , < < ideas > > , by points of a metric space , < < mental space > > . Evolution of ideas is described by dynamical systems in metric mental space . We apply the mental space approach for modeling of flows of unconscious and conscious information in the human brain . In a series of models , Models 1-4 , we consider cognitive systems with increasing complexity of psychological behavior determined by structure of flows of ideas . Since our models are in fact models of the AI-type , one immediately recognizes that they can be used for creation of AI-systems , which we call psycho-robots , exhibiting important elements of human psyche . Creation of such psycho-robots may be useful improvement of domestic robots . At the moment domestic robots are merely simple working devices ( e.g . vacuum cleaners or lawn mowers ) . However , in future one can expect demand in systems which be able not only perform simple work tasks , but would have elements of human self-developing psyche . Such AI-psyche could play an important role both in relations between psycho-robots and their owners as well as between psycho-robots . Since the presence of a huge numbers of psycho-complexes is an essential characteristic of human psychology , it would be interesting to model them in the AI-framework .
0709.2196	cs.CG	Bregman Voronoi Diagrams : Properties , Algorithms and Applications	The Voronoi diagram of a finite set of objects is a fundamental geometric structure that subdivides the embedding space into regions , each region consisting of the points that are closer to a given object than to the others . We may define many variants of Voronoi diagrams depending on the class of objects , the distance functions and the embedding space . In this paper , we investigate a framework for defining and building Voronoi diagrams for a broad class of distance functions called Bregman divergences . Bregman divergences include not only the traditional ( squared ) Euclidean distance but also various divergence measures based on entropic functions . Accordingly , Bregman Voronoi diagrams allow to define information-theoretic Voronoi diagrams in statistical parametric spaces based on the relative entropy of distributions . We define several types of Bregman diagrams , establish correspondences between those diagrams ( using the Legendre transformation ) , and show how to compute them efficiently . We also introduce extensions of these diagrams , e.g . k-order and k-bag Bregman Voronoi diagrams , and introduce Bregman triangulations of a set of points and their connexion with Bregman Voronoi diagrams . We show that these triangulations capture many of the properties of the celebrated Delaunay triangulation . Finally , we give some applications of Bregman Voronoi diagrams which are of interest in the context of computational geometry and machine learning .
