0706.0252	cs.PL cs.NA	Applying the Z-transform for the static analysis of floating-point numerical filters	Digital linear filters are used in a variety of applications ( sound treatment , control/command , etc . ) , implemented in software , in hardware , or a combination thereof . For safety-critical applications , it is necessary to bound all variables and outputs of all filters . We give a compositional , effective abstraction for digital linear filters expressed as block diagrams , yielding sound , precise bounds for fixed-point or floating-point implementations of the filters .
0706.0280	cs.MA cs.GT	Multi-Agent Modeling Using Intelligent Agents in the Game of Lerpa	Game theory has many limitations implicit in its application . By utilizing multiagent modeling , it is possible to solve a number of problems that are unsolvable using traditional game theory . In this paper reinforcement learning is applied to neural networks to create intelligent agents
0706.0427	cs.MM cs.CR	Watermark Embedding and Detection	The embedder and the detector ( or decoder ) are the two most important components of the digital watermarking systems . Thus in this work , we discuss how to design a better embedder and detector ( or decoder ) . I first give a summary of the prospective applications of watermarking technology and major watermarking schemes in the literature . My review on the literature closely centers upon how the side information is exploited at both embedders and detectors . In Chapter 3 , I explore the optimum detector or decoder according to a particular probability distribution of the host signals . We found that the performance of both multiplicative and additive spread spectrum schemes depends on the shape parameter of the host signals . For spread spectrum schemes , the performance of the detector or the decoder is reduced by the host interference . Thus I present a new host-interference rejection technique for the multiplicative spread spectrum schemes . Its embedding rule is tailored to the optimum detection or decoding rule . Though the host interference rejection schemes enjoy a big performance gain over the traditional spread spectrum schemes , their drawbacks that it is difficult for them to be implemented with the perceptual analysis to achieve the maximum allowable embedding level discourage their use in real scenarios . Thus , in the last chapters of this work , I introduce a double-sided technique to tackle this drawback . It differs from the host interference rejection schemes in that it utilizes but does not reject the host interference at its embedder . The perceptual analysis can be easily implemented in our scheme to achieve the maximum allowable level of embedding strength .
