0705.1025	cs.DS	Recognizing Partial Cubes in Quadratic Time	We show how to test whether a graph with n vertices and m edges is a partial cube , and if so how to find a distance-preserving embedding of the graph into a hypercube , in the near-optimal time bound O ( n^2 ) , improving previous O ( nm ) -time solutions .
0705.1031	cs.AI	Fuzzy Artmap and Neural Network Approach to Online Processing of Inputs with Missing Values	An ensemble based approach for dealing with missing data , without predicting or imputing the missing values is proposed . This technique is suitable for online operations of neural networks and as a result , is used for online condition monitoring . The proposed technique is tested in both classification and regression problems . An ensemble of Fuzzy-ARTMAPs is used for classification whereas an ensemble of multi-layer perceptrons is used for the regression problem . Results obtained using this ensemble-based technique are compared to those obtained using a combination of auto-associative neural networks and genetic algorithms and findings show that this method can perform up to 9 % better in regression problems . Another advantage of the proposed technique is that it eliminates the need for finding the best estimate of the data , and hence , saves time .
0705.1033	cs.DS cs.CE cs.MS cs.NA	Optimal Cache-Oblivious Mesh Layouts	A mesh is a graph that divides physical space into regularly-shaped regions . Meshes computations form the basis of many applications , e.g . finite-element methods , image rendering , and collision detection . In one important mesh primitive , called a mesh update , each mesh vertex stores a value and repeatedly updates this value based on the values stored in all neighboring vertices . The performance of a mesh update depends on the layout of the mesh in memory . This paper shows how to find a memory layout that guarantees that the mesh update has asymptotically optimal memory performance for any set of memory parameters . Such a memory layout is called cache-oblivious . Formally , for a $ d $ -dimensional mesh $ G $ , block size $ B $ , and cache size $ M $ ( where $ M=\Omega ( B^d ) $ ) , the mesh update of $ G $ uses $ O ( 1+|G|/B ) $ memory transfers . The paper also shows how the mesh-update performance degrades for smaller caches , where $ M=o ( B^d ) $ . The paper then gives two algorithms for finding cache-oblivious mesh layouts . The first layout algorithm runs in time $ O ( |G|\log^2|G| ) $ both in expectation and with high probability on a RAM . It uses $ O ( 1+|G|\log^2 ( |G|/M ) /B ) $ memory transfers in expectation and $ O ( 1+ ( |G|/B ) ( \log^2 ( |G|/M ) + \log|G| ) ) $ memory transfers with high probability in the cache-oblivious and disk-access machine ( DAM ) models . The layout is obtained by finding a fully balanced decomposition tree of $ G $ and then performing an in-order traversal of the leaves of the tree . The second algorithm runs faster by almost a $ \log|G|/\log\log|G| $ factor in all three memory models , both in expectation and with high probability . The layout obtained by finding a relax-balanced decomposition tree of $ G $ and then performing an in-order traversal of the leaves of the tree .
0705.1036	cs.RO	Strategies for the Design of a Slide-o-Cam Transmission	The optimization of the pressure angle in a cam-follower transmission is reported in this paper . This transmission is based on Slide-o-Cam , a cam mechanism with multiple rollers mounted on a common translating follower . The design of Slide-o-Cam , a transmission intended to produce a sliding motion from a turning drive , or vice versa , was reported elsewhere . This transmission provides pure-rolling motion , thereby reducing the friction of rack-and-pinions and linear drives . The pressure angle is a suitable performance index for this transmission because it determines the amount of force transmitted to the load vs. that transmitted to the machine frame . Two alternative design strategies are studied , namely , ( i ) increase the number of lobes on each cam or ( ii ) increase the number of cams . This device is intended to replace the current ball-screws in Orthoglide , a three-DOF parallel robot for the production of translational motions , currently under development at Ecole Centrale de Nantes for machining applications .
0705.1037	cs.RO	Regions of Feasible Point-to-Point Trajectories in the Cartesian Workspace of Fully-Parallel Manipulators	The goal of this paper is to define the n-connected regions in the Cartesian workspace of fully-parallel manipulators , i.e . the maximal regions where it is possible to execute point-to-point motions . The manipulators considered in this study may have multiple direct and inverse kinematic solutions . The N-connected regions are characterized by projection , onto the Cartesian workspace , of the connected components of the reachable configuration space defined in the Cartesian product of the Cartesian space by the joint space . Generalized octree models are used for the construction of all spaces . This study is illustrated with a simple planar fully-parallel manipulator .
0705.1038	cs.RO	The Design of Parallel Kinematic Machine Tools Using Kinetostatic Performance Criteria	Most industrial machine tools have a serial kinematic architecture , which means that each axis has to carry the following one , including its actuators and joints . High Speed Machining highlights some drawbacks of such architectures : heavy moving parts require from the machine structure high stiffness to limit bending problems that lower the machine accuracy , and limit the dynamic performances of the feed axes . That is why PKMs attract more and more researchers and companies , because they are claimed to offer several advantages over their serial counterparts , like high structural rigidity and high dynamic capacities . Indeed , the parallel kinematic arrangement of the links provides higher stiffness and lower moving masses that reduce inertia effects . Thus , PKMs have better dynamic performances . However , the design of a parallel kinematic machine tool ( PKMT ) is a hard task that requires further research studies before wide industrial use can be expected . Many criteria need to be taken into account in the design of a PKMT . We pay special attention to the description of kinetostatic criteria that rely on the conditioning of the Jacobian matrix of the mechanism . The organisation of this paper is as follows : next section introduces general remarks about PKMs , then is explained why PKMs can be interesting alternative machine tool designs . Then are presented existing PKMTs . An application to the design of a small-scale machine tool prototype developed at IRCCyN is presented at the end of this paper .
0705.1110	cs.AI cs.DB	Mining Patterns with a Balanced Interval	In many applications it will be useful to know those patterns that occur with a balanced interval , e.g. , a certain combination of phone numbers are called almost every Friday or a group of products are sold a lot on Tuesday and Thursday . In previous work we proposed a new measure of support ( the number of occurrences of a pattern in a dataset ) , where we count the number of times a pattern occurs ( nearly ) in the middle between two other occurrences . If the number of non-occurrences between two occurrences of a pattern stays almost the same then we call the pattern balanced . It was noticed that some very frequent patterns obviously also occur with a balanced interval , meaning in every transaction . However more interesting patterns might occur , e.g. , every three transactions . Here we discuss a solution using standard deviation and average . Furthermore we propose a simpler approach for pruning patterns with a balanced interval , making estimating the pruning threshold more intuitive .
0705.1148	cs.RO	S\'eparation des Solutions aux Mod\`eles G\'eom\'etriques Direct et Inverse pour les Manipulateurs Pleinement Parall\`eles	This article provides a formalism making it possible to manage the solutions of the direct and inverse kinematic models of the fully parallel manipulators . We introduce the concept of working modes to separate the solutions from the opposite geometrical model . Then , we define , for each working mode , the aspects of these manipulators . To separate the solutions from the direct kinematics model , we introduce the concept of characteristic surfaces . Then , we define the uniqueness domains , as being the greatest domains of the workspace in which there is unicity of solutions . The principal applications of this work are the design , the trajectory planning .
0705.1150	cs.RO	On the Kinetostatic Optimization of Revolute-Coupled Planar Manipulators	Proposed in this paper is a kinetostatic performance index for the optimum dimensioning of planar manipulators of the serial type . The index is based on the concept of distance of the underlying Jacobian matrix to a given isotropic matrix that is used as a reference model for purposes of performance evaluation . Applications of the index fall in the realm of design , but control applications are outlined . The paper focuses on planar manipulators , the basic concepts being currently extended to their three-dimensional counterparts .
0705.1151	cs.IT math.IT	Achievable Rates and Optimal Resource Allocation for Imperfectly-Known Fading Relay Channels	In this paper , achievable rates of imperfectly-known fading relay channels are studied . It is assumed that communication starts with the network training phase in which the receivers estimate the fading coefficients of their respective channels . In the data transmission phase , amplify-and-forward and decode-and-forward relaying schemes are considered , and the corresponding achievable rate expressions are obtained . The achievable rate expressions are then employed to identify the optimal resource allocation strategies .
0705.1159	cs.IT math.IT	Ordering Finite-State Markov Channels by Mutual Information	In previous work , an ordering result was given for the symbolwise probability of error using general Markov channels , under iterative decoding of LDPC codes . In this paper , the ordering result is extended to mutual information , under the assumption of an iid input distribution . For certain channels , in which the capacity-achieving input distribution is iid , this allows ordering of the channels by capacity . The complexity of analyzing general Markov channels is mitigated by this ordering , since it is possible to immediately determine that a wide class of channels , with different numbers of states , has a smaller mutual information than a given channel .
0705.1161	cs.IR cs.CL	IDF revisited : A simple new derivation within the Robertson-Sp\ '' arck Jones probabilistic model	There have been a number of prior attempts to theoretically justify the effectiveness of the inverse document frequency ( IDF ) . Those that take as their starting point Robertson and Sparck Jones 's probabilistic model are based on strong or complex assumptions . We show that a more intuitively plausible assumption suffices . Moreover , the new assumption , while conceptually very simple , provides a solution to an estimation problem that had been deemed intractable by Robertson and Walker ( 1997 ) .
0705.1183	cs.IT math.IT	Multiple Antenna Secure Broadcast over Wireless Networks	In wireless data networks , communication is particularly susceptible to eavesdropping due to its broadcast nature . Security and privacy systems have become critical for wireless providers and enterprise networks . This paper considers the problem of secret communication over the Gaussian broadcast channel , where a multi-antenna transmitter sends independent confidential messages to two users with perfect secrecy . That is , each user would like to obtain its own message reliably and confidentially . First , a computable Sato-type outer bound on the secrecy capacity region is provided for a multi-antenna broadcast channel with confidential messages . Next , a dirty-paper secure coding scheme and its simplified version are described . For each case , the corresponding achievable rate region is derived under the perfect secrecy requirement . Finally , two numerical examples demonstrate that the Sato-type outer bound is consistent with the boundary of the simplified dirty-paper coding secrecy rate region .
0705.1187	cs.IT math.IT	Symbol Error Rates of Maximum-Likelihood Detector : Convex/Concave Behavior and Applications	Convexity/concavity properties of symbol error rates ( SER ) of the maximum likelihood detector operating in the AWGN channel ( non-fading and fading ) are studied . Generic conditions are identified under which the SER is a convex/concave function of the SNR . Universal bounds for the SER 1st and 2nd derivatives are obtained , which hold for arbitrary constellations and are tight for some of them . Applications of the results are discussed , which include optimum power allocation in spatial multiplexing systems , optimum power/time sharing to decrease or increase ( jamming problem ) error rate , and implication for fading channels .
