0711.1226	cs.HC	Dynamic aspects of individual design activities . A cognitive ergonomics viewpoint	This paper focuses on the use of knowledge possessed by designers . Data collection was based on observations ( by the cognitive ergonomics researcher ) and simultaneous verbalisations ( by the designers ) in empirical studies conducted in the context of industrial design projects . The contribution of this research is typical of cognitive ergonomics , in that it provides data on actual activities implemented by designers in their actual work situation ( rather than on prescribed and/or idealised processes and methods ) . Data presented concern global strategies ( the way in which designers actually organise their activity ) and local strategies ( reuse in design ) . Results from cognitive ergonomics and other research that challenges the way in which people are supposed to work with existing systems are generally not received warmly . Abundant corroboration of such results is required before industry may consider taking them into account . The opportunistic organisation of design activity is taken here as an example of this reluctance . The results concerning this aspect of design have been verified repeatedly , but only prototypes and experimental systems implementing some of the requirements formulated on their basis , are under development .
0711.1227	cs.HC	Designing as Construction of Representations : A Dynamic Viewpoint in Cognitive Design Research	This article presents a cognitively oriented viewpoint on design . It focuses on cognitive , dynamic aspects of real design , i.e. , the actual cognitive activity implemented by designers during their work on professional design projects . Rather than conceiving de-signing as problem solving - Simon's symbolic information processing ( SIP ) approach - or as a reflective practice or some other form of situated activity - the situativity ( SIT ) approach - we consider that , from a cognitive viewpoint , designing is most appropriately characterised as a construction of representations . After a critical discussion of the SIP and SIT approaches to design , we present our view-point . This presentation concerns the evolving nature of representations regarding levels of abstraction and degrees of precision , the function of external representations , and specific qualities of representation in collective design . Designing is described at three levels : the organisation of the activity , its strategies , and its design-representation construction activities ( different ways to generate , trans-form , and evaluate representations ) . Even if we adopt a '' generic design '' stance , we claim that design can take different forms depending on the nature of the artefact , and we propose some candidates for dimensions that allow a distinction to be made between these forms of design . We discuss the potential specificity of HCI design , and the lack of cognitive design research occupied with the quality of design . We close our discussion of representational structures and activities by an outline of some directions regarding their functional linkages .
0711.1231	cs.DC	Optimizing Latency and Reliability of Pipeline Workflow Applications	Mapping applications onto heterogeneous platforms is a difficult challenge , even for simple application patterns such as pipeline graphs . The problem is even more complex when processors are subject to failure during the execution of the application . In this paper , we study the complexity of a bi-criteria mapping which aims at optimizing the latency ( i.e. , the response time ) and the reliability ( i.e. , the probability that the computation will be successful ) of the application . Latency is minimized by using faster processors , while reliability is increased by replicating computations on a set of processors . However , replication increases latency ( additional communications , slower processors ) . The application fails to be executed only if all the processors fail during execution . While simple polynomial algorithms can be found for fully homogeneous platforms , the problem becomes NP-hard when tackling heterogeneous platforms . This is yet another illustration of the additional complexity added by heterogeneity .
0711.1242	cs.GT	The Price of Selfish Stackelberg Leadership in a Network Game	We study a class of games in which a finite number of agents each controls a quantity of flow to be routed through a network , and are able to split their own flow between multiple paths through the network . Recent work on this model has contrasted the social cost of Nash equilibria with the best possible social cost . Here we show that additional costs are incurred in situations where a selfish `` leader '' agent allocates his flow , and then commits to that choice so that other agents are compelled to minimise their own cost based on the first agent 's choice . We find that even in simple networks , the leader can often improve his own cost at the expense of increased social cost . Focusing on the 2-player case , we give upper and lower bounds on the worst-case additional cost incurred .
0711.1269	cs.NI	Fair Scheduling in OFDMA-based Wireless Systems with QoS Constraints	In this work we consider the problem of downlink resource allocation for proportional fairness of long term received rates of data users and quality of service for real time sessions in an OFDMA-based wireless system . The base station allocates available power and bandwidth to individual users based on long term average received rates , QoS based rate constraints and channel conditions . We solve the underlying constrained optimization problem and propose an algorithm that achieves the optimal allocation . Numerical evaluation results show that the proposed algorithm provides better QoS to voice and video sessions while providing more and fair rates to data users in comparison with existing schemes .
0711.1273	cs.NI	Practical Resource Allocation Algorithms for QoS in OFDMA-based Wireless Systems	In this work we propose an efficient resource allocation algorithm for OFDMA based wireless systems supporting heterogeneous traffic . The proposed algorithm provides proportionally fairness to data users and short term rate guarantees to real-time users . Based on the QoS requirements , buffer occupancy and channel conditions , we propose a scheme for rate requirement determination for delay constrained sessions . Then we formulate and solve the proportional fair rate allocation problem subject to those rate requirements and power/bandwidth constraints . Simulations results show that the proposed algorithm provides significant improvement with respect to the benchmark algorithm .
0711.1290	cs.OH	Conception individuelle et collective . Approche de l'ergonomie cognitive [ Individual and Collective Design . The Cognitive-Ergonomics Approach ]	This text presents the cognitive-ergonomics approach to design , in both its individual and collective form . It focuses on collective design with respect to individual design . The theoretical framework adopted is that of information processing , specified for design problems . The cognitive characteristics of design problems are presented : the effects of their ill-defined character and of the different types of representation implemented in solving these problems , amongst others the more or less `` satisficing '' character of the different possible solutions . The text first describes the cognitive activities implemented in both individual and collective design : different types of control activities and of the executive activities of solution development and evaluation . Specific collective-design characteristics are then presented : co-design and distributed-design activities , temporo-operative and cognitive synchronisation , and different types of argumentation , of co-designers' intervention modes in the design process , of solution-proposals evaluation . The paper concludes by a confrontation between the two types of design , individual and collective .
0711.1295	cs.IT math.IT	On the performance of Golden space-time trellis coded modulation over MIMO block fading channels	The Golden space-time trellis coded modulation ( GST-TCM ) scheme was proposed in \cite { Hong06 } for a high rate $ 2\times 2 $ multiple-input multiple-output ( MIMO ) system over slow fading channels . In this letter , we present the performance analysis of GST-TCM over block fading channels , where the channel matrix is constant over a fraction of the codeword length and varies from one fraction to another , independently . In practice , it is not useful to design such codes for specific block fading channel parameters and a robust solution is preferable . We then show both analytically and by simulation that the GST-TCM designed for slow fading channels are indeed robust to all block fading channel conditions .
0711.1383	cs.IT math.IT	On Minimal Tree Realizations of Linear Codes	A tree decomposition of the coordinates of a code is a mapping from the coordinate set to the set of vertices of a tree . A tree decomposition can be extended to a tree realization , i.e. , a cycle-free realization of the code on the underlying tree , by specifying a state space at each edge of the tree , and a local constraint code at each vertex of the tree . The constraint complexity of a tree realization is the maximum dimension of any of its local constraint codes . A measure of the complexity of maximum-likelihood decoding for a code is its treewidth , which is the least constraint complexity of any of its tree realizations . It is known that among all tree realizations of a code that extends a given tree decomposition , there exists a unique minimal realization that minimizes the state space dimension at each vertex of the underlying tree . In this paper , we give two new constructions of these minimal realizations . As a by-product of the first construction , a generalization of the state-merging procedure for trellis realizations , we obtain the fact that the minimal tree realization also minimizes the local constraint code dimension at each vertex of the underlying tree . The second construction relies on certain code decomposition techniques that we develop . We further observe that the treewidth of a code is related to a measure of graph complexity , also called treewidth . We exploit this connection to resolve a conjecture of Forney 's regarding the gap between the minimum trellis constraint complexity and the treewidth of a code . We present a family of codes for which this gap can be arbitrarily large .
0711.1401	cs.NE cs.AI	Towards a Sound Theory of Adaptation for the Simple Genetic Algorithm	The pace of progress in the fields of Evolutionary Computation and Machine Learning is currently limited -- in the former field , by the improbability of making advantageous extensions to evolutionary algorithms when their capacity for adaptation is poorly understood , and in the latter by the difficulty of finding effective semi-principled reductions of hard real-world problems to relatively simple optimization problems . In this paper we explain why a theory which can accurately explain the simple genetic algorithm 's remarkable capacity for adaptation has the potential to address both these limitations . We describe what we believe to be the impediments -- historic and analytic -- to the discovery of such a theory and highlight the negative role that the building block hypothesis ( BBH ) has played . We argue based on experimental results that a fundamental limitation which is widely believed to constrain the SGA's adaptive ability ( and is strongly implied by the BBH ) is in fact illusionary and does not exist . The SGA therefore turns out to be more powerful than it is currently thought to be . We give conditions under which it becomes feasible to numerically approximate and study the multivariate marginals of the search distribution of an infinite population SGA over multiple generations even when its genomes are long , and explain why this analysis is relevant to the riddle of the SGA 's remarkable adaptive abilities .
