0710.1149	cs.IT cs.DM math.CO math.IT	Z2Z4-linear codes : generator matrices and duality	A code $ { \cal C } $ is $ \Z_2\Z_4 $ -additive if the set of coordinates can be partitioned into two subsets $ X $ and $ Y $ such that the punctured code of $ { \cal C } $ by deleting the coordinates outside $ X $ ( respectively , $ Y $ ) is a binary linear code ( respectively , a quaternary linear code ) . In this paper $ \Z_2\Z_4 $ -additive codes are studied . Their corresponding binary images , via the Gray map , are $ \Z_2\Z_4 $ -linear codes , which seem to be a very distinguished class of binary group codes . As for binary and quaternary linear codes , for these codes the fundamental parameters are found and standard forms for generator and parity check matrices are given . For this , the appropriate inner product is deduced and the concept of duality for $ \Z_2\Z_4 $ -additive codes is defined . Moreover , the parameters of the dual codes are computed . Finally , some conditions for self-duality of $ \Z_2\Z_4 $ -additive codes are given .
0710.1153	cs.LO cs.CC	Verification of Ptime Reducibility for system F Terms : Type Inference in < br > Dual Light Affine Logic	In a previous work Baillot and Terui introduced Dual light affine logic ( DLAL ) as a variant of Light linear logic suitable for guaranteeing complexity properties on lambda calculus terms : all typable terms can be evaluated in polynomial time by beta reduction and all Ptime functions can be represented . In the present work we address the problem of typing lambda-terms in second-order DLAL . For that we give a procedure which , starting with a term typed in system F , determines whether it is typable in DLAL and outputs a concrete typing if there exists any . We show that our procedure can be run in time polynomial in the size of the original Church typed system F term .
0710.1182	cs.IT math.IT	Low-Density Parity-Check Codes for Nonergodic Block-Fading Channels	We solve the problem of designing powerful low-density parity-check ( LDPC ) codes with iterative decoding for the block-fading channel . We first study the case of maximum-likelihood decoding , and show that the design criterion is rather straightforward . Unfortunately , optimal constructions for maximum-likelihood decoding do not perform well under iterative decoding . To overcome this limitation , we then introduce a new family of full-diversity LDPC codes that exhibit near-outage-limit performance under iterative decoding for all block-lengths . This family competes with multiplexed parallel turbo codes suitable for nonergodic channels and recently reported in the literature .
0710.1190	cs.NI cs.MA	Power Efficient Scheduling under Delay Constraints over Multi-user Wireless Channels	In this paper , we consider the problem of power efficient uplink scheduling in a Time Division Multiple Access ( TDMA ) system over a fading wireless channel . The objective is to minimize the power expenditure of each user subject to satisfying individual user delay . We make the practical assumption that the system statistics are unknown , i.e. , the probability distributions of the user arrivals and channel states are unknown . The problem has the structure of a Constrained Markov Decision Problem ( CMDP ) . Determining an optimal policy under for the CMDP faces the problems of state space explosion and unknown system statistics . To tackle the problem of state space explosion , we suggest determining the transmission rate of a particular user in each slot based on its channel condition and buffer occupancy only . The rate allocation algorithm for a particular user is a learning algorithm that learns about the buffer occupancy and channel states of that user during system execution and thus addresses the issue of unknown system statistics . Once the rate of each user is determined , the proposed algorithm schedules the user with the best rate . Our simulations within an IEEE 802.16 system demonstrate that the algorithm is indeed able to satisfy the user specified delay constraints . We compare the performance of our algorithm with the well known M-LWDF algorithm . Moreover , we demonstrate that the power expended by the users under our algorithm is quite low .
0710.1208	cs.LO math.CT	Diagrammatic Inference	Diagrammatic logics were introduced in 2002 , with emphasis on the notions of specifications and models . In this paper we improve the description of the inference process , which is seen as a Yoneda functor on a bicategory of fractions . A diagrammatic logic is defined from a morphism of limit sketches ( called a propagator ) which gives rise to an adjunction , which in turn determines a bicategory of fractions . The propagator , the adjunction and the bicategory provide respectively the syntax , the models and the inference process for the logic . Then diagrammatic logics and their morphisms are applied to the semantics of side effects in computer languages .
0710.1254	cs.IT math.IT	A Group Theoretic Model for Information	In this paper we formalize the notions of information elements and information lattices , first proposed by Shannon . Exploiting this formalization , we identify a comprehensive parallelism between information lattices and subgroup lattices . Qualitatively , we demonstrate isomorphisms between information lattices and subgroup lattices . Quantitatively , we establish a decisive approximation relation between the entropy structures of information lattices and the log-index structures of the corresponding subgroup lattices . This approximation extends the approximation for joint entropies carried out previously by Chan and Yeung . As a consequence of our approximation result , we show that any continuous law holds in general for the entropies of information elements if and only if the same law holds in general for the log-indices of subgroups . As an application , by constructing subgroup counterexamples we find surprisingly that common information , unlike joint information , obeys neither the submodularity nor the supermodularity law . We emphasize that the notion of information elements is conceptually significant -- formalizing it helps to reveal the deep connection between information theory and group theory . The parallelism established in this paper admits an appealing group-action explanation and provides useful insights into the intrinsic structure among information elements from a group-theoretic perspective .
0710.1275	cs.IT math.IT	On Convergence Properties of Shannon Entropy	Convergence properties of Shannon Entropy are studied . In the differential setting , it is shown that weak convergence of probability measures , or convergence in distribution , is not enough for convergence of the associated differential entropies . A general result for the desired differential entropy convergence is provided , taking into account both compactly and uncompactly supported densities . Convergence of differential entropy is also characterized in terms of the Kullback-Liebler discriminant for densities with fairly general supports , and it is shown that convergence in variation of probability measures guarantees such convergence under an appropriate boundedness condition on the densities involved . Results for the discrete setting are also provided , allowing for infinitely supported probability measures , by taking advantage of the equivalence between weak convergence and convergence in variation in this setting .
0710.1280	cs.IT math.IT	On the Relationship between Mutual Information and Minimum Mean-Square Errors in Stochastic Dynamical Systems	We consider a general stochastic input-output dynamical system with output evolving in time as the solution to a functional coefficients , It\^ { o } 's stochastic differential equation , excited by an input process . This general class of stochastic systems encompasses not only the classical communication channel models , but also a wide variety of engineering systems appearing through a whole range of applications . For this general setting we find analogous of known relationships linking input-output mutual information and minimum mean causal and non-causal square errors , previously established in the context of additive Gaussian noise communication channels . Relationships are not only established in terms of time-averaged quantities , but also their time-instantaneous , dynamical counterparts are presented . The problem of appropriately introducing in this general framework a signal-to-noise ratio notion expressed through a signal-to-noise ratio parameter is also taken into account , identifying conditions for a proper and meaningful interpretation .
0710.1325	cs.IT math.IT	The MIMOME Channel	The MIMOME channel is a Gaussian wiretap channel in which the sender , receiver , and eavesdropper all have multiple antennas . We characterize the secrecy capacity as the saddle-value of a minimax problem . Among other implications , our result establishes that a Gaussian distribution maximizes the secrecy capacity characterization of Csisz { \'a } r and K { \ '' o } rner when applied to the MIMOME channel . We also determine a necessary and sufficient condition for the secrecy capacity to be zero . Large antenna array analysis of this condition reveals several useful insights into the conditions under which secure communication is possible .
0710.1336	cs.IT math.IT	Multi-User Diversity vs . Accurate Channel Feedback for MIMO Broadcast Channels	A multiple transmit antenna , single receive antenna ( per receiver ) downlink channel with limited channel feedback is considered . Given a constraint on the total system-wide channel feedback , the following question is considered : is it preferable to get low-rate feedback from a large number of receivers or to receive high-rate/high-quality feedback from a smaller number of ( randomly selected ) receivers ? Acquiring feedback from many users allows multi-user diversity to be exploited , while high-rate feedback allows for very precise selection of beamforming directions . It is shown that systems in which a limited number of users feedback high-rate channel information significantly outperform low-rate/many user systems . While capacity increases only double logarithmically with the number of users , the marginal benefit of channel feedback is very significant up to the point where the CSI is essentially perfect .
