0708.2616	cs.CR	An Experimental Investigation of Secure Communication With Chaos Masking	The most exciting recent development in nonlinear dynamics is realization that chaos can be useful . One application involves `` Secure Communication '' . Two piecewise linear systems with switching nonlinearities have been taken as chaos generators . In the present work the phenomenon of secure communication with chaos masking has been investigated experimentally . In this investigation chaos which is generated from two chaos generators is masked with the massage signal to be transmitted , thus makes communication is more secure .
0708.2717	cs.DB	Aggregation Languages for Moving Object and Places of Interest Data	We address aggregate queries over GIS data and moving object data , where non-spatial data are stored in a data warehouse . We propose a formal data model and query language to express complex aggregate queries . Next , we study the compression of trajectory data , produced by moving objects , using the notions of stops and moves . We show that stops and moves are expressible in our query language and we consider a fragment of this language , consisting of regular expressions to talk about temporally ordered sequences of stops and moves . This fragment can be used to efficiently express data mining and pattern matching tasks over trajectory data .
0708.2732	cs.IT math.IT	Secrecy Capacity Region of Binary and Gaussian Multiple Access Channels	A generalized multiple access channel ( GMAC ) with one confidential message set is studied , where two users ( users 1 and 2 ) attempt to transmit common information to a destination , and user 1 also has confidential information intended for the destination . Moreover , user 1 wishes to keep its confidential information as secret as possible from user 2 . A deterministic GMAC is first studied , and the capacity-equivocation region and the secrecy capacity region are obtained . Two main classes of the GMAC are then studied : the binary GMAC and the Gaussian GMAC . For both channels , the capacity-equivocation region and the secrecy capacity region are established .
0708.2733	cs.IT math.IT	Secure Communications over Fading Channels	The fading wire-tap channel is investigated , where the source-to-destination channel and the source-to-wire-tapper channel are corrupted by multiplicative fading gain coefficients in addition to additive Gaussian noise terms . The channel state information is assumed to be known at both the transmitter and the receiver . The parallel wire-tap channel with independent subchannels is first studied , which serves as an information-theoretic model for the fading wire-tap channel . The secrecy capacity of the parallel wire-tap channel is established . This result is then specialized to give the secrecy capacity of the fading wire-tap channel , which is achieved with the source node dynamically changing the power allocation according to the channel state realization . An optimal source power allocation is obtained to achieve the secrecy capacity .
