0707.3878	cs.IT math.IT	Plotkin construction : rank and kernel	Given two binary codes of length n , using Plotkin construction we obtain a code of length 2n . The construction works for linear and nonlinear codes . For the linear case , it is straightforward to see that the dimension of the final code is the sum of the dimensions of the starting codes . For nonlinear codes , the rank and the dimension of the kernel are standard mesures of linearity . In this report , we prove that both parameters are also the sum of the corresponding ones of the starting codes .
0707.3925	cs.IT math.IT	Use of a $ d $ -Constraint During LDPC Decoding in a Bliss Scheme	Bliss schemes of a run length limited ( RLL ) codec in combination with an LDPC codec , generate LDPC parity bits over a systematic sequence of RLL channel bits that are inherently redundant as they satisfy e.g . a $ d=1 $ minimum run length constraint . That is the subsequences consisting of runs of length $ d=1 $ , viz . $ ... 010 ... $ and $ ... 101 ... $ , can not occur . We propose to use this redundancy during LDPC decoding in a Bliss scheme by introducing additional $ d $ -constraint nodes in the factor graph used by the LDPC decoder . The messages sent from these new nodes to the variable or codeword bit nodes exert a `` force '' on the resulting soft-bit vector coming out of the LDPC decoding that give it a tendency to comply with the $ d $ -constraints . This way , we can significantly reduce the probability of decoding error .
0707.3936	cs.NI cs.GT	Closed form solutions for symmetric water filling games	We study power control in optimization and game frameworks . In the optimization framework there is a single decision maker who assigns network resources and in the game framework users share the network resources according to Nash equilibrium . The solution of these problems is based on so-called water-filling technique , which in turn uses bisection method for solution of non-linear equations for Lagrange multiplies . Here we provide a closed form solution to the water-filling problem , which allows us to solve it in a finite number of operations . Also , we produce a closed form solution for the Nash equilibrium in symmetric Gaussian interference game with an arbitrary number of users . Even though the game is symmetric , there is an intrinsic hierarchical structure induced by the quantity of the resources available to the users . We use this hierarchical structure to perform a successive reduction of the game . In addition , to its mathematical beauty , the explicit solution allows one to study limiting cases when the crosstalk coefficient is either small or large . We provide an alternative simple proof of the convergence of the Iterative Water Filling Algorithm . Furthermore , it turns out that the convergence of Iterative Water Filling Algorithm slows down when the crosstalk coefficient is large . Using the closed form solution , we can avoid this problem . Finally , we compare the non-cooperative approach with the cooperative approach and show that the non-cooperative approach results in a more fair resource distribution .
0707.3959	cs.IT math.IT	Four-Group Decodable Space-Time Block Codes	Two new rate-one full-diversity space-time block codes ( STBC ) are proposed . They are characterized by the \emph { lowest decoding complexity } among the known rate-one STBC , arising due to the complete separability of the transmitted symbols into four groups for maximum likelihood detection . The first and the second codes are delay-optimal if the number of transmit antennas is a power of 2 and even , respectively . The exact pair-wise error probability is derived to allow for the performance optimization of the two codes . Compared with existing low-decoding complexity STBC , the two new codes offer several advantages such as higher code rate , lower encoding/decoding delay and complexity , lower peak-to-average power ratio , and better performance .
0707.3972	cs.CL cs.AI	Learning Probabilistic Models of Word Sense Disambiguation	This dissertation presents several new methods of supervised and unsupervised learning of word sense disambiguation models . The supervised methods focus on performing model searches through a space of probabilistic models , and the unsupervised methods rely on the use of Gibbs Sampling and the Expectation Maximization ( EM ) algorithm . In both the supervised and unsupervised case , the Naive Bayesian model is found to perform well . An explanation for this success is presented in terms of learning rates and bias-variance decompositions .
0707.3979	cs.NE cs.CG	Clifford Algebra of the Vector Space of Conics for decision boundary Hyperplanes in m-Euclidean Space	In this paper we embed $ m $ -dimensional Euclidean space in the geometric algebra $ Cl_m $ to extend the operators of incidence in $ { R^m } $ to operators of incidence in the geometric algebra to generalize the notion of separator to a decision boundary hyperconic in the Clifford algebra of hyperconic sections denoted as $ { Cl } ( { Co } _ { 2 } ) $ . This allows us to extend the concept of a linear perceptron or the spherical perceptron in conformal geometry and introduce the more general conic perceptron , namely the { elliptical perceptron } . Using Clifford duality a vector orthogonal to the decision boundary hyperplane is determined . Experimental results are shown in 2-dimensional Euclidean space where we separate data that are naturally separated by some typical plane conic separators by this procedure . This procedure is more general in the sense that it is independent of the dimension of the input data and hence we can speak of the hyperconic elliptic perceptron .
0707.4032	cs.CR cs.NE	One-way Hash Function Based on Neural Network	A hash function is constructed based on a three-layer neural network . The three neuron-layers are used to realize data confusion , diffusion and compression respectively , and the multi-block hash mode is presented to support the plaintext with variable length . Theoretical analysis and experimental results show that this hash function is one-way , with high key sensitivity and plaintext sensitivity , and secure against birthday attacks or meet-in-the-middle attacks . Additionally , the neural network 's property makes it practical to realize in a parallel way . These properties make it a suitable choice for data signature or authentication .
