0712.2923	cs.CV	A Class of LULU Operators on Multi-Dimensional Arrays	The LULU operators for sequences are extended to multi-dimensional arrays via the morphological concept of connection in a way which preserves their essential properties , e.g . they are separators and form a four element fully ordered semi-group . The power of the operators is demonstrated by deriving a total variation preserving discrete pulse decomposition of images .
0712.2943	cs.SE	Software ( Re- ) Engineering with PSF	This paper investigates the usefulness of PSF in software engineering and reengineering . PSF is based on ACP ( Algebra of Communicating Processes ) and as some architectural description languages are based on process algebra , we investigate whether PSF can be used at the software architecture level , but we also use PSF at lower abstract levels . As a case study we reengineer the compiler from the Toolkit of PSF .
0712.2952	cs.DM cs.LO	Partial Conway and iteration semirings	A Conway semiring is a semiring $ S $ equipped with a unary operation $ ^* : S \to S $ , always called 'star ' , satisfying the sum star and product star identities . It is known that these identities imply a Kleene type theorem . Some computationally important semirings , such as $ N $ or $ N^ { \rat } \llangle \Sigma^* \rrangle $ of rational power series of words on $ \Sigma $ with coefficients in $ N $ , can not have a total star operation satisfying the Conway identities . We introduce here partial Conway semirings , which are semirings $ S $ which have a star operation defined only on an ideal of $ S $ ; when the arguments are appropriate , the operation satisfies the above identities . We develop the general theory of partial Conway semirings and prove a Kleene theorem for this generalization .
0712.2958	cs.OS	Power-Aware Real-Time Scheduling upon Identical Multiprocessor Platforms	In this paper , we address the power-aware scheduling of sporadic constrained-deadline hard real-time tasks using dynamic voltage scaling upon multiprocessor platforms . We propose two distinct algorithms . Our first algorithm is an off-line speed determination mechanism which provides an identical speed for each processor . That speed guarantees that all deadlines are met if the jobs are scheduled using EDF . The second algorithm is an on-line and adaptive speed adjustment mechanism which reduces the energy consumption while the system is running .
0712.2959	cs.IT math.IT	Joint Source-Channel Coding Revisited : Information-Spectrum Approach	Given a general source with countably infinite source alphabet and a general channel with arbitrary abstract channel input/channel output alphabets , we study the joint source-channel coding problem from the information-spectrum point of view . First , we generalize Feinstein 's lemma ( direct part ) and Verdu-Han 's lemma ( converse part ) so as to be applicable to the general joint source-channel coding problem . Based on these lemmas , we establish a sufficient condition as well as a necessary condition for the source to be reliably transmissible over the channel with asymptotically vanishing probability of error . It is shown that our sufficient condition is equivalent to the sufficient condition derived by Vembu , Verdu and Steinberg , whereas our necessary condition is shown to be stronger than or equivalent to the necessary condition derived by them . It turns out , as a direct consequence , that separation principle in a relevantly generalized sense holds for a wide class of sources and channels , as was shown in a quite dfifferent manner by Vembu , Verdu and Steinberg . It should also be remarked that a nice duality is found between our necessary and sufficient conditions , whereas we can not fully enjoy such a duality between the necessary condition and the sufficient condition by Vembu , Verdu and Steinberg . In addition , we demonstrate a sufficient condition as well as a necessary condition for the epsilon-transmissibility . Finally , the separation theorem of the traditional standard form is shown to hold for the class of sources and channels that satisfy the semi-strong converse property .
0712.3037	cs.CR	Comments on `` Improved Efficient Remote User Authentication Schemes ''	Recently , Tian et al presented an article , in which they discussed some security weaknesses of Yoon et al 's scheme and subsequently proposed two `` improved '' schemes . In this paper , we show that the Tian et al 's schemes are insecure and vulnerable than the Yoon et al 's scheme .
0712.3084	cs.CR	Proxy Signature Scheme with Effective Revocation Using Bilinear Pairings	We present a proxy signature scheme using bilinear pairings that provides effective proxy revocation . The scheme uses a binding-blinding technique to avoid secure channel requirements in the key issuance stage . With this technique , the signer receives a partial private key from a trusted authority and unblinds it to get his private key , in turn , overcomes the key escrow problem which is a constraint in most of the pairing-based proxy signature schemes . The scheme fulfills the necessary security requirements of proxy signature and resists other possible threats .
