0705.4171	cs.DS	Grover search algorithm	A quantum algorithm is a set of instructions for a quantum computer , however , unlike algorithms in classical computer science their results can not be guaranteed . A quantum system can undergo two types of operation , measurement and quantum state transformation , operations themselves must be unitary ( reversible ) . Most quantum algorithms involve a series of quantum state transformations followed by a measurement . Currently very few quantum algorithms are known and no general design methodology exists for their construction .
0705.4185	cs.CR	Secure Two-party Protocols for Point Inclusion Problem	It is well known that , in theory , the general secure multi-party computation problem is solvable using circuit evaluation protocols . However , the communication complexity of the resulting protocols depend on the size of the circuit that expresses the functionality to be computed and hence can be impractical . Hence special solutions are needed for specific problems for efficiency reasons . The point inclusion problem in computational geometry is a special multiparty computation and has got many applications . Previous protocols for the secure point inclusion problem are not adequate . In this paper we modify some known solutions to the point inclusion problem in computational geometry to the frame work of secure two-party computation .
0705.4226	cs.LO	Second-Order Type Isomorphisms Through Game Semantics	The characterization of second-order type isomorphisms is a purely syntactical problem that we propose to study under the enlightenment of game semantics . We study this question in the case of second-order & # 955 ; $ \mu $ -calculus , which can be seen as an extension of system F to classical logic , and for which we de & # 64257 ; ne a categorical framework : control hyperdoctrines . Our game model of & # 955 ; $ \mu $ -calculus is based on polymorphic arenas ( closely related to Hughes ' hyperforests ) which evolve during the play ( following the ideas of Murawski-Ong ) . We show that type isomorphisms coincide with the `` equality '' on arenas associated with types . Finally we deduce the equational characterization of type isomorphisms from this equality . We also recover from the same model Roberto Di Cosmo 's characterization of type isomorphisms for system F. This approach leads to a geometrical comprehension on the question of second order type isomorphisms , which can be easily extended to some other polymorphic calculi including additional programming features .
0705.4228	cs.LO	Curry-style type Isomorphisms and Game Semantics	Curry-style system F , ie . system F with no explicit types in terms , can be seen as a core presentation of polymorphism from the point of view of programming languages . This paper gives a characterisation of type isomorphisms for this language , by using a game model whose intuitions come both from the syntax and from the game semantics universe . The model is composed of : an untyped part to interpret terms , a notion of game to interpret types , and a typed part to express the fact that an untyped strategy plays on a game . By analysing isomorphisms in the model , we prove that the equational system corresponding to type isomorphisms for Curry-style system F is the extension of the equational system for Church-style isomorphisms with a new , non-trivial equation : forall X.A = A [ forall Y.Y/X ] if X appears only positively in A .
0705.4302	cs.AI	Truecluster matching	Cluster matching by permuting cluster labels is important in many clustering contexts such as cluster validation and cluster ensemble techniques . The classic approach is to minimize the euclidean distance between two cluster solutions which induces inappropriate stability in certain settings . Therefore , we present the truematch algorithm that introduces two improvements best explained in the crisp case . First , instead of maximizing the trace of the cluster crosstable , we propose to maximize a chi-square transformation of this crosstable . Thus , the trace will not be dominated by the cells with the largest counts but by the cells with the most non-random observations , taking into account the marginals . Second , we suggest a probabilistic component in order to break ties and to make the matching algorithm truly random on random data . The truematch algorithm is designed as a building block of the truecluster framework and scales in polynomial time . First simulation results confirm that the truematch algorithm gives more consistent truecluster results for unequal cluster sizes . Free R software is available .
0705.4320	cs.DM cs.DS	Defect-Tolerant CMOL Cell Assignment via Satisfiability	We present a CAD framework for CMOL , a hybrid CMOS/ molecular circuit architecture . Our framework first transforms any logically synthesized circuit based on AND/OR/NOT gates to a NOR gate circuit , and then maps the NOR gates to CMOL . We encode the CMOL cell assignment problem as boolean conditions . The boolean constraint is satisfiable if and only if there is a way to map all the NOR gates to the CMOL cells . We further investigate various types of static defects for the CMOL architecture , and propose a reconfiguration technique that can deal with these defects through our CAD framework . This is the first automated framework for CMOL cell assignment , and the first to model several different CMOL static defects . Empirical results show that our approach is efficient and scalable .
