0706.2293	cs.PL cs.LO	Resource control of object-oriented programs	A sup-interpretation is a tool which provides an upper bound on the size of a value computed by some symbol of a program . Sup-interpretations have shown their interest to deal with the complexity of first order functional programs . For instance , they allow to characterize all the functions bitwise computable in Alogtime . This paper is an attempt to adapt the framework of sup-interpretations to a fragment of oriented-object programs , including distinct encodings of numbers through the use of constructor symbols , loop and while constructs and non recursive methods with side effects . We give a criterion , called brotherly criterion , which ensures that each brotherly program computes objects whose size is polynomially bounded by the inputs sizes .
0706.2310	cs.IT math.IT	Space-time coding techniques with bit-interleaved coded modulations for MIMO block-fading channels	The space-time bit-interleaved coded modulation ( ST-BICM ) is an efficient technique to obtain high diversity and coding gain on a block-fading MIMO channel . Its maximum-likelihood ( ML ) performance is computed under ideal interleaving conditions , which enables a global optimization taking into account channel coding . Thanks to a diversity upperbound derived from the Singleton bound , an appropriate choice of the time dimension of the space-time coding is possible , which maximizes diversity while minimizing complexity . Based on the analysis , an optimized interleaver and a set of linear precoders , called dispersive nucleo algebraic ( DNA ) precoders are proposed . The proposed precoders have good performance with respect to the state of the art and exist for any number of transmit antennas and any time dimension . With turbo codes , they exhibit a frame error rate which does not increase with frame length .
0706.2331	cs.CE	Pricing American Options for Jump Diffusions by Iterating Optimal Stopping Problems for Diffusions	We approximate the price of the American put for jump diffusions by a sequence of functions , which are computed iteratively . This sequence converges to the price function uniformly and exponentially fast . Each element of the approximating sequence solves an optimal stopping problem for geometric Brownian motion , and can be numerically computed using the classical finite difference methods . We prove the convergence of this numerical scheme and present examples to illustrate its performance .
