0711.1016	cs.LO	An On-the-fly Tableau-based Decision Procedure for PDL-Satisfiability	We present a tableau-based algorithm for deciding satisfiability for propositional dynamic logic ( PDL ) which builds a finite rooted tree with ancestor loops and passes extra information from children to parents to separate good loops from bad loops during backtracking . It is easy to implement , with potential for parallelisation , because it constructs a pseudo-model `` on the fly '' by exploring each tableau branch independently . But its worst-case behaviour is 2EXPTIME rather than EXPTIME . A prototype implementation in the TWB ( http : //twb.rsise.anu.edu.au ) is available .
0711.1038	cs.CL	Am\'elioration des Performances des Syst\`emes Automatiques de Reconnaissance de la Parole pour la Parole Non Native	In this article , we present an approach for non native automatic speech recognition ( ASR ) . We propose two methods to adapt existing ASR systems to the non-native accents . The first method is based on the modification of acoustic models through integration of acoustic models from the mother tong . The phonemes of the target language are pronounced in a similar manner to the native language of speakers . We propose to combine the models of confused phonemes so that the ASR system could recognize both concurrent pronounciations . The second method we propose is a refinment of the pronounciation error detection through the introduction of graphemic constraints . Indeed , non native speakers may rely on the writing of words in their uttering . Thus , the pronounctiation errors might depend on the characters composing the words . The average error rate reduction that we observed is ( 22.5 % ) relative for the sentence error rate , and 34.5 % ( relative ) in word error rate .
0711.1055	cs.GT cs.DS	Simple Recursive Games	We define the class of `` simple recursive games '' . A simple recursive game is defined as a simple stochastic game ( a notion due to Anne Condon ) , except that we allow arbitrary real payoffs but disallow moves of chance . We study the complexity of solving simple recursive games and obtain an almost-linear time comparison-based algorithm for computing an equilibrium of such a game . The existence of a linear time comparison-based algorithm remains an open problem .
0711.1056	cs.IT math.IT	Bounds on the Number of Iterations for Turbo-Like Ensembles over the Binary Erasure Channe	This paper provides simple lower bounds on the number of iterations which is required for successful message-passing decoding of some important families of graph-based code ensembles ( including low-density parity-check codes and variations of repeat-accumulate codes ) . The transmission of the code ensembles is assumed to take place over a binary erasure channel , and the bounds refer to the asymptotic case where we let the block length tend to infinity . The simplicity of the bounds derived in this paper stems from the fact that they are easily evaluated and are expressed in terms of some basic parameters of the ensemble which include the fraction of degree-2 variable nodes , the target bit erasure probability and the gap between the channel capacity and the design rate of the ensemble . This paper demonstrates that the number of iterations which is required for successful message-passing decoding scales at least like the inverse of the gap ( in rate ) to capacity , provided that the fraction of degree-2 variable nodes of these turbo-like ensembles does not vanish ( hence , the number of iterations becomes unbounded as the gap to capacity vanishes ) .
0711.1161	cs.IT math.IT	Joint Source-Channel Codes for MIMO Block Fading Channels	We consider transmission of a continuous amplitude source over an L-block Rayleigh fading $ M_t \times M_r $ MIMO channel when the channel state information is only available at the receiver . Since the channel is not ergodic , Shannon 's source-channel separation theorem becomes obsolete and the optimal performance requires a joint source -channel approach . Our goal is to minimize the expected end-to-end distortion , particularly in the high SNR regime . The figure of merit is the distortion exponent , defined as the exponential decay rate of the expected distortion with increasing SNR . We provide an upper bound and lower bounds for the distortion exponent with respect to the bandwidth ratio among the channel and source bandwidths . For the lower bounds , we analyze three different strategies based on layered source coding concatenated with progressive , superposition or hybrid digital/analog transmission . In each case , by adjusting the system parameters we optimize the distortion exponent as a function of the bandwidth ratio . We prove that the distortion exponent upper bound can be achieved when the channel has only one degree of freedom , that is L=1 , and $ \min\ { M_t , M_r\ } =1 $ . When we have more degrees of freedom , our achievable distortion exponents meet the upper bound for only certain ranges of the bandwidth ratio . We demonstrate that our results , which were derived for a complex Gaussian source , can be extended to more general source distributions as well .
0711.1177	cs.CC cs.LO	Considerations on P vs NP	In order to prove that the P of problems is different to the NP class , we consider the satisfability problem of propositional calculus formulae , which is an NP-complete problem . It is shown that , for every search algorithm A , there is a set E ( A ) containing propositional calculus formulae , each of which requires the algorithm A to take non-polynomial time to find the truth-values of its propositional letters satisfying it . Moreover , E ( A ) 's size is an exponential function of n , which makes it impossible to detect such formulae in a polynomial time . Hence , the satisfability problem does not have a polynomial complexity
