0711.2383	cs.AR	Decoding the Golden Code : a VLSI design	The recently proposed Golden code is an optimal space-time block code for 2 X 2 multiple-input multiple-output ( MIMO ) systems . The aim of this work is the design of a VLSI decoder for a MIMO system coded with the Golden code . The architecture is based on a rearrangement of the sphere decoding algorithm that achieves maximum-likelihood ( ML ) decoding performance . Compared to other approaces , the proposed solution exhibits an inherent flexibility in terms of modulation schemes QAM modulation size and this makes our architecture particularly suitable for adaptive modulation schemes .
0711.2399	cs.DS	Minimum-weight double-tree shortcutting for Metric TSP : Bounding the approximation ratio	The Metric Traveling Salesman Problem ( TSP ) is a classical NP-hard optimization problem . The double-tree shortcutting method for Metric TSP yields an exponentially-sized space of TSP tours , each of which approximates the optimal solution within at most a factor of 2 . We consider the problem of finding among these tours the one that gives the closest approximation , i.e.\ the \emph { minimum-weight double-tree shortcutting } . Previously , we gave an efficient algorithm for this problem , and carried out its experimental analysis . In this paper , we address the related question of the worst-case approximation ratio for the minimum-weight double-tree shortcutting method . In particular , we give lower bounds on the approximation ratio in some specific metric spaces : the ratio of 2 in the discrete shortest path metric , 1.622 in the planar Euclidean metric , and 1.666 in the planar Minkowski metric . The first of these lower bounds is tight ; we conjecture that the other two bounds are also tight , and in particular that the minimum-weight double-tree method provides a 1.622-approximation for planar Euclidean TSP .
0711.2442	cs.NI	Are networks with more edges easier to synchronize ?	In this paper , the relationship between the network synchronizability and the edge distribution of its associated graph is investigated . First , it is shown that adding one edge to a cycle definitely decreases the network sychronizability . Then , since sometimes the synchronizability can be enhanced by changing the network structure , the question of whether the networks with more edges are easier to synchronize is addressed . It is shown by examples that the answer is negative . This reveals that generally there are redundant edges in a network , which not only make no contributions to synchronization but actually may reduce the synchronizability . Moreover , an example shows that the node betweenness centrality is not always a good indicator for the network synchronizability . Finally , some more examples are presented to illustrate how the network synchronizability varies following the addition of edges , where all the examples show that the network synchronizability globally increases but locally fluctuates as the number of added edges increases .
0711.2444	cs.CL	Proof nets for display logic	This paper explores several extensions of proof nets for the Lambek calculus in order to handle the different connectives of display logic in a natural way . The new proof net calculus handles some recent additions to the Lambek vocabulary such as Galois connections and Grishin interactions . It concludes with an exploration of the generative capacity of the Lambek-Grishin calculus , presenting an embedding of lexicalized tree adjoining grammars into the Lambek-Grishin calculus .
0711.2478	cs.NE cs.AI	A Compact Self-organizing Cellular Automata-based Genetic Algorithm	A Genetic Algorithm ( GA ) is proposed in which each member of the population can change schemata only with its neighbors according to a rule . The rule methodology and the neighborhood structure employ elements from the Cellular Automata ( CA ) strategies . Each member of the GA population is assigned to a cell and crossover takes place only between adjacent cells , according to the predefined rule . Although combinations of CA and GA approaches have appeared previously , here we rely on the inherent self-organizing features of CA , rather than on parallelism . This conceptual shift directs us toward the evolution of compact populations containing only a handful of members . We find that the resulting algorithm can search the design space more efficiently than traditional GA strategies due to its ability to exploit mutations within this compact self-organizing population . Consequently , premature convergence is avoided and the final results often are more accurate . In order to reinforce the superior mutation capability , a re-initialization strategy also is implemented . Ten test functions and two benchmark structural engineering truss design problems are examined in order to demonstrate the performance of the method .
0711.2486	cs.HC	An annotation based approach to support design communication	The aim of this paper is to propose an approach based on the concept of annotation for supporting design communication . In this paper , we describe a co-operative design case study where we analyse some annotation practices , mainly focused on design minutes recorded during project reviews . We point out specific requirements concerning annotation needs . Based on these requirements , we propose an annotation model , inspired from the Speech Act Theory ( SAT ) to support communication in a 3D digital environment . We define two types of annotations in the engineering design context , locutionary and illocutionary annotations . The annotations we describe in this paper are materialised by a set of digital artefacts , which have a semantic dimension allowing express/record elements of technical justifications , traces of contradictory debates , etc . In this paper , we first clarify the semantic annotation concept , and we define general properties of annotations in the engineering design context , and the role of annotations in different design project situations . After the description of the case study , where we observe and analyse annotations usage during the design reviews and minute making , the last section is dedicated to present our approach . We then describe the SAT concept , and define the concept of annotation acts . We conclude with a description of basic annotation functionalities that are actually implemented in a software , based on our approach .
0711.2489	cs.DM	Axiomatic structure of k-additive capacities	In this paper we deal with the problem of axiomatizing the preference relations modelled through Choquet integral with respect to a $ k $ -additive capacity , i.e . whose M\ '' obius transform vanishes for subsets of more than $ k $ elements . Thus , $ k $ -additive capacities range from probability measures ( $ k=1 $ ) to general capacities ( $ k=n $ ) . The axiomatization is done in several steps , starting from symmetric 2-additive capacities , a case related to the Gini index , and finishing with general $ k $ -additive capacities . We put an emphasis on 2-additive capacities . Our axiomatization is done in the framework of social welfare , and complete previous results of Weymark , Gilboa and Ben Porath , and Gajdos .
0711.2490	cs.DM	The M\ '' obius transform on symmetric ordered structures and its application to capacities on finite sets	Considering a linearly ordered set , we introduce its symmetric version , and endow it with two operations extending supremum and infimum , so as to obtain an algebraic structure close to a commutative ring . We show that imposing symmetry necessarily entails non associativity , hence computing rules are defined in order to deal with non associativity . We study in details computing rules , which we endow with a partial order . This permits to find solutions to the inversion formula underlying the M\ '' obius transform . Then we apply these results to the case of capacities , a notion from decision theory which corresponds , in the language of ordered sets , to order preserving mappings , preserving also top and bottom . In this case , the solution of the inversion formula is called the M\ '' obius transform of the capacity . Properties and examples of M\ '' obius transform of sup-preserving and inf-preserving capacities are given .
0711.2501	cs.IT math.IT	Error Exponents of Erasure/List Decoding Revisited via Moments of Distance Enumerators	The analysis of random coding error exponents pertaining to erasure/list decoding , due to Forney , is revisited . Instead of using Jensen 's inequality as well as some other inequalities in the derivation , we demonstrate that an exponentially tight analysis can be carried out by assessing the relevant moments of a certain distance enumerator . The resulting bound has the following advantages : ( i ) it is at least as tight as Forney 's bound , ( ii ) under certain symmetry conditions associated with the channel and the random coding distribution , it is simpler than Forney 's bound in the sense that it involves an optimization over one parameter only ( rather than two ) , and ( iii ) in certain special cases , like the binary symmetric channel ( BSC ) , the optimum value of this parameter can be found in closed form , and so , there is no need to conduct a numerical search . We have not found yet , however , a numerical example where this new bound is strictly better than Forney 's bound . This may provide an additional evidence to support Forney 's conjecture that his bound is tight for the average code . We believe that the technique we suggest in this paper can be useful in simplifying , and hopefully also improving , exponential error bounds in other problem settings as well .
0711.2546	cs.LO	Normalization of IZF with Replacement	ZF is a well investigated impredicative constructive version of Zermelo-Fraenkel set theory . Using set terms , we axiomatize IZF with Replacement , which we call \izfr , along with its intensional counterpart \iizfr . We define a typed lambda calculus $ \li $ corresponding to proofs in \iizfr according to the Curry-Howard isomorphism principle . Using realizability for \iizfr , we show weak normalization of $ \li $ . We use normalization to prove the disjunction , numerical existence and term existence properties . An inner extensional model is used to show these properties , along with the set existence property , for full , extensional \izfr .
0711.2547	cs.IT math.IT	Interference Alignment on the Deterministic Channel and Application to Fully Connected AWGN Interference Networks	An interference alignment example is constructed for the deterministic channel model of the $ K $ user interference channel . The deterministic channel example is then translated into the Gaussian setting , creating the first known example of a fully connected Gaussian $ K $ user interference network with single antenna nodes , real , non-zero and contant channel coefficients , and no propagation delays where the degrees of freedom outerbound is achieved . An analogy is drawn between the propagation delay based interference alignment examples and the deterministic channel model which also allows similar constructions for the 2 user $ X $ channel as well .
