0710.4987	cs.IT math.IT	Universal source coding over generalized complementary delivery networks	This paper deals with a universal coding problem for a certain kind of multiterminal source coding network called a generalized complementary delivery network . In this network , messages from multiple correlated sources are jointly encoded , and each decoder has access to some of the messages to enable it to reproduce the other messages . Both fixed-to-fixed length and fixed-to-variable length lossless coding schemes are considered . Explicit constructions of universal codes and the bounds of the error probabilities are clarified by using methods of types and graph-theoretical analysis .
0710.4999	cs.HC	L'analyse de l'expertise du point de vue de l'ergonomie cognitive	This paper presents a review of methods for collecting and analysing data on complex activities . Starting with methods developed for design , we examine the possibility to transpose them to other complex activities , especially activities referring to sensorial expertise . R\'esum\'e Ce texte pr\'esente une revue de m\'ethodes pour recueillir et analyser des donn\'ees sur des actvit\'es complexes . A partir de m\'ethodes d\'evelopp\'ees pour des actvit\'es de conception , nous examinons la possibilit\'e de les transposer \`a d'autres actvit\'es complexes , notamment des actvit\'es faisant \`a appel \`a des expertises sensorielles .
0710.5002	cs.CR cs.CV	The entropy of keys derived from laser speckle	Laser speckle has been proposed in a number of papers as a high-entropy source of unpredictable bits for use in security applications . Bit strings derived from speckle can be used for a variety of security purposes such as identification , authentication , anti-counterfeiting , secure key storage , random number generation and tamper protection . The choice of laser speckle as a source of random keys is quite natural , given the chaotic properties of speckle . However , this same chaotic behaviour also causes reproducibility problems . Cryptographic protocols require either zero noise or very low noise in their inputs ; hence the issue of error rates is critical to applications of laser speckle in cryptography . Most of the literature uses an error reduction method based on Gabor filtering . Though the method is successful , it has not been thoroughly analysed . In this paper we present a statistical analysis of Gabor-filtered speckle patterns . We introduce a model in which perturbations are described as random phase changes in the source plane . Using this model we compute the second and fourth order statistics of Gabor coefficients . We determine the mutual information between perturbed and unperturbed Gabor coefficients and the bit error rate in the derived bit string . The mutual information provides an absolute upper bound on the number of secure bits that can be reproducibly extracted from noisy measurements .
0710.5006	cs.NI cs.CR cs.DC	CANE : The Content Addressed Network Environment	The fragmented nature and asymmetry of local and remote file access and network access , combined with the current lack of robust authenticity and privacy , hamstrings the current internet . The collection of disjoint and often ad-hoc technologies currently in use are at least partially responsible for the magnitude and potency of the plagues besetting the information economy , of which spam and email borne virii are canonical examples . The proposed replacement for the internet , Internet Protocol Version 6 ( IPv6 ) , does little to tackle these underlying issues , instead concentrating on addressing the technical issues of a decade ago . This paper introduces CANE , a Content Addressed Network Environment , and compares it against current internet and related technologies . Specifically , CANE presents a simple computing environment in which location is abstracted away in favour of identity , and trust is explicitly defined . Identity is cryptographically verified and yet remains pervasively open in nature . It is argued that this approach is capable of being generalised such that file storage and network access can be unified and subsequently combined with human interfaces to result in a Unified Theory of Access , which addresses many of the significant problems besetting the internet community of the early 21st century .
0710.5054	cs.CY	WWW Spiders : an introduction	In recent years , the study of complex networks has received a lot of attention . Real systems have gained importance in scientific publications , despite of an important drawback : the difficulty of retrieving and manage such great quantity of information . This paper wants to be an introduction to the construction of spiders and scrapers : specifically , how to program and deploy safely these kind of software applications . The aim is to show how software can be prepared to automatically surf the net and retrieve information for the user with high efficiency and safety .
0710.5116	cs.LG cs.CE q-bio.QM	Combining haplotypers	Statistically resolving the underlying haplotype pair for a genotype measurement is an important intermediate step in gene mapping studies , and has received much attention recently . Consequently , a variety of methods for this problem have been developed . Different methods employ different statistical models , and thus implicitly encode different assumptions about the nature of the underlying haplotype structure . Depending on the population sample in question , their relative performance can vary greatly , and it is unclear which method to choose for a particular sample . Instead of choosing a single method , we explore combining predictions returned by different methods in a principled way , and thereby circumvent the problem of method selection . We propose several techniques for combining haplotype reconstructions and analyze their computational properties . In an experimental study on real-world haplotype data we show that such techniques can provide more accurate and robust reconstructions , and are useful for outlier detection . Typically , the combined prediction is at least as accurate as or even more accurate than the best individual method , effectively circumventing the method selection problem .
0710.5130	cs.LO	A Proof of the Factorization Forest Theorem	We show that for every homomorphism $ \Gamma^+ \to S $ where $ S $ is a finite semigroup there exists a factorization forest of height $ \leq 3 \abs { S } $ . The proof is based on Green 's relations .
0710.5194	cs.IT math.IT	Rate-Constrained Wireless Networks with Fading Channels : Interference-Limited and Noise-Limited Regimes	A network of $ n $ wireless communication links is considered in a Rayleigh fading environment . It is assumed that each link can be active and transmit with a constant power $ P $ or remain silent . The objective is to maximize the number of active links such that each active link can transmit with a constant rate $ \lambda $ . An upper bound is derived that shows the number of active links scales at most like $ \frac { 1 } { \lambda } \log n $ . To obtain a lower bound , a decentralized link activation strategy is described and analyzed . It is shown that for small values of $ \lambda $ , the number of supported links by this strategy meets the upper bound ; however , as $ \lambda $ grows , this number becomes far below the upper bound . To shrink the gap between the upper bound and the achievability result , a modified link activation strategy is proposed and analyzed based on some results from random graph theory . It is shown that this modified strategy performs very close to the optimum . Specifically , this strategy is \emph { asymptotically almost surely } optimum when $ \lambda $ approaches $ \infty $ or 0 . It turns out the optimality results are obtained in an interference-limited regime . It is demonstrated that , by proper selection of the algorithm parameters , the proposed scheme also allows the network to operate in a noise-limited regime in which the transmission rates can be adjusted by the transmission powers . The price for this flexibility is a decrease in the throughput scaling law by a multiplicative factor of $ \log \log n $ .
