0710.3817	cs.IT math.IT math.ST stat.TH	A Note on Comparison of Error Correction Codes	Use of an error correction code in a given transmission channel can be regarded as the statistical experiment . Therefore , powerful results from the theory of comparison of experiments can be applied to compare the performances of different error correction codes . We present results on the comparison of block error correction codes using the representation of error correction code as a linear experiment . In this case the code comparison is based on the Loewner matrix ordering of respective code matrices . Next , we demonstrate the bit-error rate code performance comparison based on the representation of the codes as dichotomies , in which case the comparison is based on the matrix majorization ordering of their respective equivalent code matrices .
0710.3861	cs.IT math.IT	Optimal encoding on discrete lattice with translational invariant constrains using statistical algorithms	In this paper will be presented methodology of encoding information in valuations of discrete lattice with some translational invariant constrains in asymptotically optimal way . The method is based on finding statistical description of such valuations and changing it into statistical algorithm , which allows to construct deterministically valuation with given statistics . Optimal statistics allow to generate valuations with uniform distribution - we get maximum information capacity this way . It will be shown that we can reach the optimum for one-dimensional models using maximal entropy random walk and that for the general case we can practically get as close to the capacity of the model as we want ( found numerically : lost 10^ { -10 } bit/node for Hard Square ) . There will be also presented simpler alternative to arithmetic coding method which can be used as cryptosystem and data correction method too .
0710.3888	cs.IT math.IT	Cooperative Multi-Cell Networks : Impact of Limited-Capacity Backhaul and Inter-Users Links	Cooperative technology is expected to have a great impact on the performance of cellular or , more generally , infrastructure networks . Both multicell processing ( cooperation among base stations ) and relaying ( cooperation at the user level ) are currently being investigated . In this presentation , recent results regarding the performance of multicell processing and user cooperation under the assumption of limited-capacity interbase station and inter-user links , respectively , are reviewed . The survey focuses on related results derived for non-fading uplink and downlink channels of simple cellular system models . The analytical treatment , facilitated by these simple setups , enhances the insight into the limitations imposed by limited-capacity constraints on the gains achievable by cooperative techniques .
0710.3901	cs.DM	Simple , linear-time modular decomposition	Modular decomposition is fundamental for many important problems in algorithmic graph theory including transitive orientation , the recognition of several classes of graphs , and certain combinatorial optimization problems . Accordingly , there has been a drive towards a practical , linear-time algorithm for the problem . Despite considerable effort , such an algorithm has remained elusive . The linear-time algorithms to date are impractical and of mainly theoretical interest . In this paper we present the first simple , linear-time algorithm to compute the modular decomposition tree of an undirected graph . The breakthrough comes by combining the best elements of two different approaches to the problem .
