0710.2611	cs.AI quant-ph	Geometric Analogue of Holographic Reduced Representation	Holographic reduced representations ( HRR ) are based on superpositions of convolution-bound $ n $ -tuples , but the $ n $ -tuples can not be regarded as vectors since the formalism is basis dependent . This is why HRR can not be associated with geometric structures . Replacing convolutions by geometric products one arrives at reduced representations analogous to HRR but interpretable in terms of geometry . Variable bindings occurring in both HRR and its geometric analogue mathematically correspond to two different representations of $ Z_2\times ... \times Z_2 $ ( the additive group of binary $ n $ -tuples with addition modulo 2 ) . As opposed to standard HRR , variable binding performed by means of geometric product allows for computing exact inverses of all nonzero vectors , a procedure even simpler than approximate inverses employed in HRR . The formal structure of the new reduced representation is analogous to cartoon computation , a geometric analogue of quantum computation .
0710.2716	cs.NI	Cost and Effects of Pinning Control for Network Synchronization	In this paper , the problem of pinning control for synchronization of complex dynamical networks is discussed . A cost function of the controlled network is defined by the feedback gain and the coupling strength of the network . An interesting result is that lower cost is achieved by the control scheme of pinning nodes with smaller degrees . Some rigorous mathematical analysis is presented for achieving lower cost in the synchronization of different star-shaped networks . Numerical simulations on some non-regular complex networks generated by the Barabasi-Albert model and various star-shaped networks are shown for verification and illustration .
0710.2732	cs.CC	Probabilistic communication complexity over the reals	Deterministic and probabilistic communication protocols are introduced in which parties can exchange the values of polynomials ( rather than bits in the usual setting ) . It is established a sharp lower bound $ 2n $ on the communication complexity of recognizing the $ 2n $ -dimensional orthant , on the other hand the probabilistic communication complexity of its recognizing does not exceed 4 . A polyhedron and a union of hyperplanes are constructed in $ \RR^ { 2n } $ for which a lower bound $ n/2 $ on the probabilistic communication complexity of recognizing each is proved . As a consequence this bound holds also for the EMPTINESS and the KNAPSACK problems .
0710.2736	cs.NI	L2 norm performance index of synchronization and optimal control synthesis of complex networks	In this paper , the synchronizability problem of dynamical networks is addressed , where better synchronizability means that the network synchronizes faster with lower-overshoot . The L2 norm of the error vector e is taken as a performance index to measure this kind of synchronizability . For the equilibrium synchronization case , it is shown that there is a close relationship between the L2 norm of the error vector e and the H2 norm of the transfer function G of the linearized network about the equilibrium point . Consequently , the effect of the network coupling topology on the H2 norm of the transfer function G is analyzed . Finally , an optimal controller is designed , according to the so-called LQR problem in modern control theory , which can drive the whole network to its equilibrium point and meanwhile minimize the L2 norm of the output of the linearized network .
0710.2782	cs.NE cs.AI	Effective linkage learning using low-order statistics and clustering	The adoption of probabilistic models for the best individuals found so far is a powerful approach for evolutionary computation . Increasingly more complex models have been used by estimation of distribution algorithms ( EDAs ) , which often result better effectiveness on finding the global optima for hard optimization problems . Supervised and unsupervised learning of Bayesian networks are very effective options , since those models are able to capture interactions of high order among the variables of a problem . Diversity preservation , through niching techniques , has also shown to be very important to allow the identification of the problem structure as much as for keeping several global optima . Recently , clustering was evaluated as an effective niching technique for EDAs , but the performance of simpler low-order EDAs was not shown to be much improved by clustering , except for some simple multimodal problems . This work proposes and evaluates a combination operator guided by a measure from information theory which allows a clustered low-order EDA to effectively solve a comprehensive range of benchmark optimization problems .
0710.2848	cs.LG	Consistency of trace norm minimization	Regularization by the sum of singular values , also referred to as the trace norm , is a popular technique for estimating low rank rectangular matrices . In this paper , we extend some of the consistency results of the Lasso to provide necessary and sufficient conditions for rank consistency of trace norm minimization with the square loss . We also provide an adaptive version that is rank consistent even when the necessary condition for the non adaptive version is not fulfilled .
0710.2852	cs.CL	Generating models for temporal representations	We discuss the use of model building for temporal representations . We chose Polish to illustrate our discussion because it has an interesting aspectual system , but the points we wish to make are not language specific . Rather , our goal is to develop theoretical and computational tools for temporal model building tasks in computational semantics . To this end , we present a first-order theory of time and events which is rich enough to capture interesting semantic distinctions , and an algorithm which takes minimal models for first-order theories and systematically attempts to `` perturb '' their temporal component to provide non-minimal , but semantically significant , models .
0710.2887	cs.PF cs.PL cs.SE	Implementation , Compilation , Optimization of Object-Oriented Languages , Programs and Systems - Report on the Workshop ICOOOLPS'2006 at ECOOP'06	ICOOOLPS'2006 was the first edition of ECOOP-ICOOOLPS workshop . It intended to bring researchers and practitioners both from academia and industry together , with a spirit of openness , to try and identify and begin to address the numerous and very varied issues of optimization . This succeeded , as can be seen from the papers , the attendance and the liveliness of the discussions that took place during and after the workshop , not to mention a few new cooperations or postdoctoral contracts . The 22 talented people from different groups who participated were unanimous to appreciate this first edition and recommend that ICOOOLPS be continued next year . A community is thus beginning to form , and should be reinforced by a second edition next year , with all the improvements this first edition made emerge .
0710.2889	cs.LG cs.IR	An efficient reduction of ranking to classification	This paper describes an efficient reduction of the learning problem of ranking to binary classification . The reduction guarantees an average pairwise misranking regret of at most that of the binary classifier regret , improving a recent result of Balcan et al which only guarantees a factor of 2 . Moreover , our reduction applies to a broader class of ranking loss functions , admits a simpler proof , and the expected running time complexity of our algorithm in terms of number of calls to a classifier or preference function is improved from $ \Omega ( n^2 ) $ to $ O ( n \log n ) $ . In addition , when the top $ k $ ranked elements only are required ( $ k \ll n $ ) , as in many applications in information extraction or search engines , the time complexity of our algorithm can be further reduced to $ O ( k \log k + n ) $ . Our reduction and algorithm are thus practical for realistic applications where the number of points to rank exceeds several thousands . Much of our results also extend beyond the bipartite case previously studied . Our rediction is a randomized one . To complement our result , we also derive lower bounds on any deterministic reduction from binary ( preference ) classification to ranking , implying that our use of a randomized reduction is essentially necessary for the guarantees we provide .
