0710.1879	cs.IT cs.CC math.CO math.IT	Cyclotomic FFTs with Reduced Additive Complexities Based on a Novel Common Subexpression Elimination Algorithm	In this paper , we first propose a novel common subexpression elimination ( CSE ) algorithm for matrix-vector multiplications over characteristic-2 fields . As opposed to previously proposed CSE algorithms , which usually focus on complexity savings due to recurrences of subexpressions , our CSE algorithm achieves two types of complexity reductions , differential savings and recurrence savings , by taking advantage of the cancelation property of characteristic-2 fields . Using our CSE algorithm , we reduce the additive complexities of cyclotomic fast Fourier transforms ( CFFTs ) . Using a weighted sum of the numbers of multiplications and additions as a metric , our CFFTs achieve smaller total complexities than previously proposed CFFTs and other FFTs , requiring both fewer multiplications and fewer additions in many cases .
0710.1924	cs.NI cs.AI	A Heuristic Routing Mechanism Using a New Addressing Scheme	Current methods of routing are based on network information in the form of routing tables , in which routing protocols determine how to update the tables according to the network changes . Despite the variability of data in routing tables , node addresses are constant . In this paper , we first introduce the new concept of variable addresses , which results in a novel framework to cope with routing problems using heuristic solutions . Then we propose a heuristic routing mechanism based on the application of genes for determination of network addresses in a variable address network and describe how this method flexibly solves different problems and induces new ideas in providing integral solutions for variety of problems . The case of ad-hoc networks is where simulation results are more supportive and original solutions have been proposed for issues like mobility .
0710.1949	cs.IT math.IT	Distributed Source Coding Using Continuous-Valued Syndromes	This paper addresses the problem of coding a continuous random source correlated with another source which is only available at the decoder . The proposed approach is based on the extension of the channel coding concept of syndrome from the discrete into the continuous domain . If the correlation between the sources can be described by an additive Gaussian backward channel and capacity-achieving linear codes are employed , it is shown that the performance of the system is asymptotically close to the Wyner-Ziv bound . Even if such an additive channel is not Gaussian , the design procedure can fit the desired correlation and transmission rate . Experiments based on trellis-coded quantization show that the proposed system achieves a performance within 3-4 dB of the theoretical bound in the 0.5-3 bit/sample rate range for any Gaussian correlation , with a reasonable computational complexity .
0710.1962	cs.IR	Stanford Matrix Considered Harmful	This note argues about the validity of web-graph data used in the literature .
0710.1976	cs.DM cond-mat.stat-mech	Solving Infinite Kolam in Knot Theory	In south India , there are traditional patterns of line-drawings encircling dots , called `` Kolam '' , among which one-line drawings or the `` infinite Kolam '' provide very interesting questions in mathematics . For example , we address the following simple question : how many patterns of infinite Kolam can we draw for a given grid pattern of dots ? The simplest way is to draw possible patterns of Kolam while judging if it is infinite Kolam . Such a search problem seems to be NP complete . However , it is certainly not . In this paper , we focus on diamond-shaped grid patterns of dots , ( 1-3-5-3-1 ) and ( 1-3-5-7-5-3-1 ) in particular . By using the knot-theory description of the infinite Kolam , we show how to find the solution , which inevitably gives a sketch of the proof for the statement `` infinite Kolam is not NP complete . '' Its further discussion will be given in the final section .
0710.2018	cs.IT math.IT	Cognitive Interference Channels with Confidential Messages	The cognitive interference channel with confidential messages is studied . Similarly to the classical two-user interference channel , the cognitive interference channel consists of two transmitters whose signals interfere at the two receivers . It is assumed that there is a common message source ( message 1 ) known to both transmitters , and an additional independent message source ( message 2 ) known only to the cognitive transmitter ( transmitter 2 ) . The cognitive receiver ( receiver 2 ) needs to decode both messages , while the non-cognitive receiver ( receiver 1 ) should decode only the common message . Furthermore , message 2 is assumed to be a confidential message which needs to be kept as secret as possible from receiver 1 , which is viewed as an eavesdropper with regard to message 2 . The level of secrecy is measured by the equivocation rate . A single-letter expression for the capacity-equivocation region of the discrete memoryless cognitive interference channel is established and is further explicitly derived for the Gaussian case . Moreover , particularizing the capacity-equivocation region to the case without a secrecy constraint , establishes a new capacity theorem for a class of interference channels , by providing a converse theorem .
0710.2037	cs.CV	An Affinity Propagation Based method for Vector Quantization Codebook Design	In this paper , we firstly modify a parameter in affinity propagation ( AP ) to improve its convergence ability , and then , we apply it to vector quantization ( VQ ) codebook design problem . In order to improve the quality of the resulted codebook , we combine the improved AP ( IAP ) with the conventional LBG algorithm to generate an effective algorithm call IAP-LBG . According to the experimental results , the proposed method not only enhances the convergence abilities but also is capable of providing higher-quality codebooks than conventional LBG method .
0710.2083	cs.DB cs.LG cs.LO	Association Rules in the Relational Calculus	One of the most utilized data mining tasks is the search for association rules . Association rules represent significant relationships between items in transactions . We extend the concept of association rule to represent a much broader class of associations , which we refer to as \emph { entity-relationship rules . } Semantically , entity-relationship rules express associations between properties of related objects . Syntactically , these rules are based on a broad subclass of safe domain relational calculus queries . We propose a new definition of support and confidence for entity-relationship rules and for the frequency of entity-relationship queries . We prove that the definition of frequency satisfies standard probability axioms and the Apriori property .
0710.2139	cs.CC cs.DM	Approximation algorithms and hardness for domination with propagation	The power dominating set ( PDS ) problem is the following extension of the well-known dominating set problem : find a smallest-size set of nodes $ S $ that power dominates all the nodes , where a node $ v $ is power dominated if ( 1 ) $ v $ is in $ S $ or $ v $ has a neighbor in $ S $ , or ( 2 ) $ v $ has a neighbor $ w $ such that $ w $ and all of its neighbors except $ v $ are power dominated . We show a hardness of approximation threshold of $ 2^ { \log^ { 1-\epsilon } { n } } $ in contrast to the logarithmic hardness for the dominating set problem . We give an $ O ( \sqrt { n } ) $ approximation algorithm for planar graphs , and show that our methods can not improve on this approximation guarantee . Finally , we initiate the study of PDS on directed graphs , and show the same hardness threshold of $ 2^ { \log^ { 1-\epsilon } { n } } $ for directed \emph { acyclic } graphs . Also we show that the directed PDS problem can be solved optimally in linear time if the underlying undirected graph has bounded tree-width .
