0712.3973	cs.NE	GUIDE : Unifying Evolutionary Engines through a Graphical User Interface	Many kinds of Evolutionary Algorithms ( EAs ) have been described in the literature since the last 30 years . However , though most of them share a common structure , no existing software package allows the user to actually shift from one model to another by simply changing a few parameters , e.g . in a single window of a Graphical User Interface . This paper presents GUIDE , a Graphical User Interface for DREAM Experiments that , among other user-friendly features , unifies all kinds of EAs into a single panel , as far as evolution parameters are concerned . Such a window can be used either to ask for one of the well known ready-to-use algorithms , or to very easily explore new combinations that have not yet been studied . Another advantage of grouping all necessary elements to describe virtually all kinds of EAs is that it creates a fantastic pedagogic tool to teach EAs to students and newcomers to the field .
0712.4011	cs.IT math.IT	Asymptotic Mutual Information Statistics of Separately-Correlated Rician Fading MIMO Channels	Precise characterization of the mutual information of MIMO systems is required to assess the throughput of wireless communication channels in the presence of Rician fading and spatial correlation . Here , we present an asymptotic approach allowing to approximate the distribution of the mutual information as a Gaussian distribution in order to provide both the average achievable rate and the outage probability . More precisely , the mean and variance of the mutual information of the separatelycorrelated Rician fading MIMO channel are derived when the number of transmit and receive antennas grows asymptotically large and their ratio approaches a finite constant . The derivation is based on the replica method , an asymptotic technique widely used in theoretical physics and , more recently , in the performance analysis of communication ( CDMA and MIMO ) systems . The replica method allows to analyze very difficult system cases in a comparatively simple way though some authors pointed out that its assumptions are not always rigorous . Being aware of this , we underline the key assumptions made in this setting , quite similar to the assumptions made in the technical literature using the replica method in their asymptotic analyses . As far as concerns the convergence of the mutual information to the Gaussian distribution , it is shown that it holds under some mild technical conditions , which are tantamount to assuming that the spatial correlation structure has no asymptotically dominant eigenmodes . The accuracy of the asymptotic approach is assessed by providing a sizeable number of numerical results . It is shown that the approximation is very accurate in a wide variety of system settings even when the number of transmit and receive antennas is as small as a few units .
0712.4015	cs.CV	A Fast Hierarchical Multilevel Image Segmentation Method using Unbiased Estimators	This paper proposes a novel method for segmentation of images by hierarchical multilevel thresholding . The method is global , agglomerative in nature and disregards pixel locations . It involves the optimization of the ratio of the unbiased estimators of within class to between class variances . We obtain a recursive relation at each step for the variances which expedites the process . The efficacy of the method is shown in a comparison with some well-known methods .
0712.4046	cs.SC cs.DS	Faster polynomial multiplication via multipoint Kronecker substitution	We give several new algorithms for dense polynomial multiplication based on the Kronecker substitution method . For moderately sized input polynomials , the new algorithms improve on the performance of the standard Kronecker substitution by a sizeable constant , both in theory and in empirical tests .
0712.4126	cs.AI cs.CE cs.MS cs.NA cs.NE	TRUST-TECH based Methods for Optimization and Learning	Many problems that arise in machine learning domain deal with nonlinearity and quite often demand users to obtain global optimal solutions rather than local optimal ones . Optimization problems are inherent in machine learning algorithms and hence many methods in machine learning were inherited from the optimization literature . Popularly known as the initialization problem , the ideal set of parameters required will significantly depend on the given initialization values . The recently developed TRUST-TECH ( TRansformation Under STability-reTaining Equilibria CHaracterization ) methodology systematically explores the subspace of the parameters to obtain a complete set of local optimal solutions . In this thesis work , we propose TRUST-TECH based methods for solving several optimization and machine learning problems . Two stages namely , the local stage and the neighborhood-search stage , are repeated alternatively in the solution space to achieve improvements in the quality of the solutions . Our methods were tested on both synthetic and real datasets and the advantages of using this novel framework are clearly manifested . This framework not only reduces the sensitivity to initialization , but also allows the flexibility for the practitioners to use various global and local methods that work well for a particular problem of interest . Other hierarchical stochastic algorithms like evolutionary algorithms and smoothing algorithms are also studied and frameworks for combining these methods with TRUST-TECH have been proposed and evaluated on several test systems .
