0705.3487	cs.LO	Linearly bounded infinite graphs	Linearly bounded Turing machines have been mainly studied as acceptors for context-sensitive languages . We define a natural class of infinite automata representing their observable computational behavior , called linearly bounded graphs . These automata naturally accept the same languages as the linearly bounded machines defining them . We present some of their structural properties as well as alternative characterizations in terms of rewriting systems and context-sensitive transductions . Finally , we compare these graphs to rational graphs , which are another class of automata accepting the context-sensitive languages , and prove that in the bounded-degree case , rational graphs are a strict sub-class of linearly bounded graphs .
0705.3503	cs.CR cs.LO	Making Random Choices Invisible to the Scheduler	When dealing with process calculi and automata which express both nondeterministic and probabilistic behavior , it is customary to introduce the notion of scheduler to solve the nondeterminism . It has been observed that for certain applications , notably those in security , the scheduler needs to be restricted so not to reveal the outcome of the protocol 's random choices , or otherwise the model of adversary would be too strong even for `` obviously correct '' protocols . We propose a process-algebraic framework in which the control on the scheduler can be specified in syntactic terms , and we show how to apply it to solve the problem mentioned above . We also consider the definition of ( probabilistic ) may and must preorders , and we show that they are precongruences with respect to the restricted schedulers . Furthermore , we show that all the operators of the language , except replication , distribute over probabilistic summation , which is a useful property for verification .
0705.3555	cs.IT math.IT	Multidimensional Coded Modulation in Block-Fading Channnels	We study the problem of constructing coded modulation schemes over multidimensional signal sets in Nakagami- $ m $ block-fading channels . In particular , we consider the optimal diversity reliability exponent of the error probability when the multidimensional constellation is obtained as the rotation of classical complex-plane signal constellations . We show that multidimensional rotations of full dimension achieve the optimal diversity reliability exponent , also achieved by Gaussian constellations . Multidimensional rotations of full dimension induce a large decoding complexity , and in some cases it might be beneficial to use multiple rotations of smaller dimension . We also study the diversity reliability exponent in this case , which yields the optimal rate-diversity-complexity tradeoff in block-fading channels with discrete inputs .
0705.3561	cs.LO cs.AI	Generalizing Consistency and other Constraint Properties to Quantified Constraints	Quantified constraints and Quantified Boolean Formulae are typically much more difficult to reason with than classical constraints , because quantifier alternation makes the usual notion of solution inappropriate . As a consequence , basic properties of Constraint Satisfaction Problems ( CSP ) , such as consistency or substitutability , are not completely understood in the quantified case . These properties are important because they are the basis of most of the reasoning methods used to solve classical ( existentially quantified ) constraints , and one would like to benefit from similar reasoning methods in the resolution of quantified constraints . In this paper , we show that most of the properties that are used by solvers for CSP can be generalized to quantified CSP . This requires a re-thinking of a number of basic concepts ; in particular , we propose a notion of outcome that generalizes the classical notion of solution and on which all definitions are based . We propose a systematic study of the relations which hold between these properties , as well as complexity results regarding the decision of these properties . Finally , and since these problems are typically intractable , we generalize the approach used in CSP and propose weaker , easier to check notions based on locality , which allow to detect these properties incompletely but in polynomial time .
0705.3593	cs.CV	MI image registration using prior knowledge	Subtraction of aligned images is a means to assess changes in a wide variety of clinical applications . In this paper we explore the information theoretical origin of Mutual Information ( MI ) , which is based on Shannon 's entropy.However , the interpretation of standard MI registration as a communication channel suggests that MI is too restrictive a criterion . In this paper the concept of Mutual Information ( MI ) is extended to ( Normalized ) Focussed Mutual Information ( FMI ) to incorporate prior knowledge to overcome some shortcomings of MI . We use this to develop new methodologies to successfully address specific registration problems , the follow-up of dental restorations , cephalometry , and the monitoring of implants .
0705.3610	cs.LO	A Logic of Reachable Patterns in Linked Data-Structures	We define a new decidable logic for expressing and checking invariants of programs that manipulate dynamically-allocated objects via pointers and destructive pointer updates . The main feature of this logic is the ability to limit the neighborhood of a node that is reachable via a regular expression from a designated node . The logic is closed under boolean operations ( entailment , negation ) and has a finite model property . The key technical result is the proof of decidability . We show how to express precondition , postconditions , and loop invariants for some interesting programs . It is also possible to express properties such as disjointness of data-structures , and low-level heap mutations . Moreover , our logic can express properties of arbitrary data-structures and of an arbitrary number of pointer fields . The latter provides a way to naturally specify postconditions that relate the fields on entry to a procedure to the fields on exit . Therefore , it is possible to use the logic to automatically prove partial correctness of programs performing low-level heap mutations .
0705.3616	cs.SE	On How Developers Test Open Source Software Systems	Engineering software systems is a multidisciplinary activity , whereby a number of artifacts must be created - and maintained - synchronously . In this paper we investigate whether production code and the accompanying tests co-evolve by exploring a project 's versioning system , code coverage reports and size-metrics . Three open source case studies teach us that testing activities usually start later on during the lifetime and are more `` phased '' , although we did not observe increasing testing activity before releases . Furthermore , we note large differences in the levels of test coverage given the proportion of test code .
0705.3644	cs.IT cs.HC math.IT	Subjective Information Measure and Rate Fidelity Theory	Using fish-covering model , this paper intuitively explains how to extend Hartley 's information formula to the generalized information formula step by step for measuring subjective information : metrical information ( such as conveyed by thermometers ) , sensory information ( such as conveyed by color vision ) , and semantic information ( such as conveyed by weather forecasts ) . The pivotal step is to differentiate condition probability and logical condition probability of a message . The paper illustrates the rationality of the formula , discusses the coherence of the generalized information formula and Popper's knowledge evolution theory . For optimizing data compression , the paper discusses rate-of-limiting-errors and its similarity to complexity-distortion based on Kolmogorov 's complexity theory , and improves the rate-distortion theory into the rate-fidelity theory by replacing Shannon 's distortion with subjective mutual information . It is proved that both the rate-distortion function and the rate-fidelity function are equivalent to a rate-of-limiting-errors function with a group of fuzzy sets as limiting condition , and can be expressed by a formula of generalized mutual information for lossy coding , or by a formula of generalized entropy for lossless coding . By analyzing the rate-fidelity function related to visual discrimination and digitized bits of pixels of images , the paper concludes that subjective information is less than or equal to objective ( Shannon 's ) information ; there is an optimal matching point at which two kinds of information are equal ; the matching information increases with visual discrimination ( defined by confusing probability ) rising ; for given visual discrimination , too high resolution of images or too much objective information is wasteful .
0705.3669	cs.NE cs.CV cs.SD	Structural Health Monitoring Using Neural Network Based Vibrational System Identification	Composite fabrication technologies now provide the means for producing high-strength , low-weight panels , plates , spars and other structural components which use embedded fiber optic sensors and piezoelectric transducers . These materials , often referred to as smart structures , make it possible to sense internal characteristics , such as delaminations or structural degradation . In this effort we use neural network based techniques for modeling and analyzing dynamic structural information for recognizing structural defects . This yields an adaptable system which gives a measure of structural integrity for composite structures .
0705.3677	cs.IT math.IT	Distributed Transmit Diversity in Relay Networks	We analyze fading relay networks , where a single-antenna source-destination terminal pair communicates through a set of half-duplex single-antenna relays using a two-hop protocol with linear processing at the relay level . A family of relaying schemes is presented which achieves the entire optimal diversity-multiplexing ( DM ) tradeoff curve . As a byproduct of our analysis , it follows that delay diversity and phase-rolling at the relay level are optimal with respect to the entire DM-tradeoff curve , provided the delays and the modulation frequencies , respectively , are chosen appropriately .
0705.3683	cs.CR cs.DC cs.NI	Power-Efficient Direct-Voting Assurance for Data Fusion in Wireless Sensor Networks	Wireless sensor networks place sensors into an area to collect data and send them back to a base station . Data fusion , which fuses the collected data before they are sent to the base station , is usually implemented over the network . Since the sensor is typically placed in locations accessible to malicious attackers , information assurance of the data fusion process is very important . A witness-based approach has been proposed to validate the fusion data . In this approach , the base station receives the fusion data and `` votes '' on the data from a randomly chosen sensor node . The vote comes from other sensor nodes , called `` witnesses , '' to verify the correctness of the fusion data . Because the base station obtains the vote through the chosen node , the chosen node could forge the vote if it is compromised . Thus , the witness node must encrypt the vote to prevent this forgery . Compared with the vote , the encryption requires more bits , increasing transmission burden from the chosen node to the base station . The chosen node consumes more power . This work improves the witness-based approach using direct voting mechanism such that the proposed scheme has better performance in terms of assurance , overhead , and delay . The witness node transmits the vote directly to the base station . Forgery is not a problem in this scheme . Moreover , fewer bits are necessary to represent the vote , significantly reducing the power consumption . Performance analysis and simulation results indicate that the proposed approach can achieve a 40 times better overhead than the witness-based approach .
