0711.4217	cs.PL	Instruction sequences with dynamically instantiated instructions	We study sequential programs that are instruction sequences with dynamically instantiated instructions . We define the meaning of such programs in two different ways . In either case , we give a translation by which each program with dynamically instantiated instructions is turned into a program without them that exhibits on execution the same behaviour by interaction with some service . The complexity of the translations differ considerably , whereas the services concerned are equally simple . However , the service concerned in the case of the simpler translation is far more powerful than the service concerned in the other case .
0711.4309	cs.SE cs.AI cs.CY	Knowware : the third star after Hardware and Software	This book proposes to separate knowledge from software and to make it a commodity that is called knowware . The architecture , representation and function of Knowware are discussed . The principles of knowware engineering and its three life cycle models : furnace model , crystallization model and spiral model are proposed and analyzed . Techniques of software/knowware co-engineering are introduced . A software component whose knowledge is replaced by knowware is called mixware . An object and component oriented development schema of mixware is introduced . In particular , the tower model and ladder model for mixware development are proposed and discussed . Finally , knowledge service and knowware based Web service are introduced and compared with Web service . In summary , knowware , software and hardware should be considered as three equally important underpinnings of IT industry . Ruqian Lu is a professor of computer science of the Institute of Mathematics , Academy of Mathematics and System Sciences . He is a fellow of Chinese Academy of Sciences . His research interests include artificial intelligence , knowledge engineering and knowledge based software engineering . He has published more than 100 papers and 10 books . He has won two first class awards from the Academia Sinica and a National second class prize from the Ministry of Science and Technology . He has also won the sixth Hua Loo-keng Mathematics Prize .
0711.4324	cs.CE cs.DM	Report on `` American Option Pricing and Hedging Strategies ''	This paper mainly discusses the American option 's hedging strategies via binomialmodel and the basic idea of pricing and hedging American option . Although the essential scheme of hedging is almost the same as European option , small differences may arise when simulating the process for American option holder has more rights , spelling that the option can be exercised at anytime before its maturity . Our method is dynamic-hedging method .
0711.4388	cs.IR cs.IT math.IT	Contextual Information Retrieval based on Algorithmic Information Theory and Statistical Outlier Detection	The main contribution of this paper is to design an Information Retrieval ( IR ) technique based on Algorithmic Information Theory ( using the Normalized Compression Distance- NCD ) , statistical techniques ( outliers ) , and novel organization of data base structure . The paper shows how they can be integrated to retrieve information from generic databases using long ( text-based ) queries . Two important problems are analyzed in the paper . On the one hand , how to detect `` false positives '' when the distance among the documents is very low and there is actual similarity . On the other hand , we propose a way to structure a document database which similarities distance estimation depends on the length of the selected text . Finally , the experimental evaluations that have been carried out to study previous problems are shown .
0711.4406	cs.IT math.IT	Optimization of Information Rate Upper and Lower Bounds for Channels with Memory	We consider the problem of minimizing upper bounds and maximizing lower bounds on information rates of stationary and ergodic discrete-time channels with memory . The channels we consider can have a finite number of states , such as partial response channels , or they can have an infinite state-space , such as time-varying fading channels . We optimize recently-proposed information rate bounds for such channels , which make use of auxiliary finite-state machine channels ( FSMCs ) . Our main contribution in this paper is to provide iterative expectation-maximization ( EM ) type algorithms to optimize the parameters of the auxiliary FSMC to tighten these bounds . We provide an explicit , iterative algorithm that improves the upper bound at each iteration . We also provide an effective method for iteratively optimizing the lower bound . To demonstrate the effectiveness of our algorithms , we provide several examples of partial response and fading channels , where the proposed optimization techniques significantly tighten the initial upper and lower bounds . Finally , we compare our results with an improved variation of the \emph { simplex } local optimization algorithm , called \emph { Soblex } . This comparison shows that our proposed algorithms are superior to the Soblex method , both in terms of robustness in finding the tightest bounds and in computational efficiency . Interestingly , from a channel coding/decoding perspective , optimizing the lower bound is related to increasing the achievable mismatched information rate , i.e. , the information rate of a communication system where the decoder at the receiver is matched to the auxiliary channel , and not to the original channel .
0711.4414	cs.IT math.IT	Exploiting Multi-Antennas for Opportunistic Spectrum Sharing in Cognitive Radio Networks	In cognitive radio ( CR ) networks , there are scenarios where the secondary ( lower priority ) users intend to communicate with each other by opportunistically utilizing the transmit spectrum originally allocated to the existing primary ( higher priority ) users . For such a scenario , a secondary user usually has to trade off between two conflicting goals at the same time : one is to maximize its own transmit throughput ; and the other is to minimize the amount of interference it produces at each primary receiver . In this paper , we study this fundamental tradeoff from an information-theoretic perspective by characterizing the secondary user 's channel capacity under both its own transmit-power constraint as well as a set of interference-power constraints each imposed at one of the primary receivers . In particular , this paper exploits multi-antennas at the secondary transmitter to effectively balance between spatial multiplexing for the secondary transmission and interference avoidance at the primary receivers . Convex optimization techniques are used to design algorithms for the optimal secondary transmit spatial spectrum that achieves the capacity of the secondary transmission . Suboptimal solutions for ease of implementation are also presented and their performances are compared with the optimal solution . Furthermore , algorithms developed for the single-channel transmission are also extended to the case of multi-channel transmission whereby the secondary user is able to achieve opportunistic spectrum sharing via transmit adaptations not only in space , but in time and frequency domains as well .
