0711.3077	cs.IT cs.CC math.IT	On Low Complexity Maximum Likelihood Decoding of Convolutional Codes	This paper considers the average complexity of maximum likelihood ( ML ) decoding of convolutional codes . ML decoding can be modeled as finding the most probable path taken through a Markov graph . Integrated with the Viterbi algorithm ( VA ) , complexity reduction methods such as the sphere decoder often use the sum log likelihood ( SLL ) of a Markov path as a bound to disprove the optimality of other Markov path sets and to consequently avoid exhaustive path search . In this paper , it is shown that SLL-based optimality tests are inefficient if one fixes the coding memory and takes the codeword length to infinity . Alternatively , optimality of a source symbol at a given time index can be testified using bounds derived from log likelihoods of the neighboring symbols . It is demonstrated that such neighboring log likelihood ( NLL ) -based optimality tests , whose efficiency does not depend on the codeword length , can bring significant complexity reduction to ML decoding of convolutional codes . The results are generalized to ML sequence detection in a class of discrete-time hidden Markov systems .
0711.3099	cs.NI	Augmented Tree-based Routing Protocol for Scalable Ad Hoc Networks	In ad hoc networks scalability is a critical requirement if these technologies have to reach their full potential . Most of the proposed routing protocols do not operate efficiently with networks of more than a few hundred nodes . In this paper , we propose an augmented tree-based address space structure and a hierarchical multi-path routing protocol , referred to as Augmented Tree-based Routing ( ATR ) , which utilizes such a structure in order to solve the scalability problem and to gain good resilience against node failure/mobility and link congestion/instability . Simulation results and performance comparisons with existing protocols substantiate the effectiveness of the ATR .
0711.3128	cs.IR	Entity Ranking in Wikipedia	The traditional entity extraction problem lies in the ability of extracting named entities from plain text using natural language processing techniques and intensive training from large document collections . Examples of named entities include organisations , people , locations , or dates . There are many research activities involving named entities ; we are interested in entity ranking in the field of information retrieval . In this paper , we describe our approach to identifying and ranking entities from the INEX Wikipedia document collection . Wikipedia offers a number of interesting features for entity identification and ranking that we first introduce . We then describe the principles and the architecture of our entity ranking system , and introduce our methodology for evaluation . Our preliminary results show that the use of categories and the link structure of Wikipedia , together with entity examples , can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness .
0711.3149	cs.DM	Approche polyedrale pour le probleme du separateur ( VSP )	In an undirected connected graph G= ( V , E ) , the vertex separator problem ( VSP ) asks for a partition of V into nonempty subsets A , B , C such that |C| is minimized such that there is no edge between A and B , and sizes of A and B are similar . This paper presents a polyhedral approach of the ( VSP ) , introducing new efficient valid inequalities and providing computational tests and results .
0711.3152	cs.IT math.IT	Multipath Channels of Bounded Capacity	The capacity of discrete-time , non-coherent , multipath fading channels is considered . It is shown that if the delay spread is large in the sense that the variances of the path gains do not decay faster than geometrically , then capacity is bounded in the signal-to-noise ratio .
0711.3176	cs.IT math.IT	To Decode the Interference or To Consider it as Noise	We address single-user data transmission over a channel where the received signal incurs interference from a finite number of users ( interfering users ) that use single codebooks for transmitting their own messages . The receiver , however , is allowed to decode interfering users ' messages . This means the signal transmitted from any interfering user is either decoded or considered as noise at the receiver side . We propose the following method to obtain an achievable rate for this channel . Assuming its own data is decoded successfully , the receiver partitions the set of interfering users into two disjoint subsets , namely the set of decodable users and the set of non-decodable users . Then the transmitter 's rate is chosen such that the intended signal can be jointly decoded with the set of decodable users . To show the strength of this method , we prove that for the additive Gaussian channel with Gaussian interfering users , the Gaussian distribution is optimal and the achievable rate is the capacity of this channel . To obtain the maximum achievable rate , one needs to find the maximum decodable subset of interfering users . Due to the large number of possible choices , having efficient algorithms that find the set of decodable users with maximum cardinality is desired . To this end , we propose an algorithm that enables the receiver to accomplish this task in polynomial time .
0711.3183	cs.CC cs.DM cs.FL	Detecting palindromes , patterns , and borders in regular languages	Given a language L and a nondeterministic finite automaton M , we consider whether we can determine efficiently ( in the size of M ) if M accepts at least one word in L , or infinitely many words . Given that M accepts at least one word in L , we consider how long a shortest word can be . The languages L that we examine include the palindromes , the non-palindromes , the k-powers , the non-k-powers , the powers , the non-powers ( also called primitive words ) , the words matching a general pattern , the bordered words , and the unbordered words .
0711.3197	cs.CL cs.AI q-bio.NC	How to realize `` a sense of humour '' in computers ?	Computer model of a `` sense of humour '' suggested previously [ arXiv:0711.2058 , 0711.2061 , 0711.2270 ] is raised to the level of a realistic algorithm .
0711.3205	cs.IT math.IT	Relay Subset Selection in Wireless Networks Using Partial Decode-and-Forward Transmission	This paper considers the problem of selecting a subset of nodes in a two-hop wireless network to act as relays in aiding the communication between the source-destination pair . Optimal relay subset selection with the objective of maximizing the overall throughput is a difficult problem that depends on multiple factors including node locations , queue lengths and power consumption . A partial decode-and-forward strategy is applied in this paper to improve the tractability of the relay selection problem and performance of the overall network . Note that the number of relays selected ultimately determines the performance of the network . This paper benchmarks this performance by determining the net diversity achieved using the relays selected and the partial decode-and-forward strategy . This framework is subsequently used to further transform relay selection into a simpler relay placement problem , and two proximity-based approximation algorithms are developed to determine the appropriate set of relays to be selected in the network . Other selection strategies such as random relay selection and a greedy algorithm that relies on channel state information are also presented . This paper concludes by showing that the proposed proximity-based relay selection strategies yield near-optimal expected rates for a small number of selected relays .
0711.3235	cs.AI math.ST stat.TH	A Game-Theoretic Analysis of Updating Sets of Probabilities	We consider how an agent should update her uncertainty when it is represented by a set $ \P $ of probability distributions and the agent observes that a random variable $ X $ takes on value $ x $ , given that the agent makes decisions using the minimax criterion , perhaps the best-studied and most commonly-used criterion in the literature . We adopt a game-theoretic framework , where the agent plays against a bookie , who chooses some distribution from $ \P $ . We consider two reasonable games that differ in what the bookie knows when he makes his choice . Anomalies that have been observed before , like time inconsistency , can be understood as arising important because different games are being played , against bookies with different information . We characterize the important special cases in which the optimal decision rules according to the minimax criterion amount to either conditioning or simply ignoring the information . Finally , we consider the relationship between conditioning and calibration when uncertainty is described by sets of probabilities .
0711.3242	cs.CG	On the Centroids of Symmetrized Bregman Divergences	In this paper , we generalize the notions of centroids and barycenters to the broad class of information-theoretic distortion measures called Bregman divergences . Bregman divergences are versatile , and unify quadratic geometric distances with various statistical entropic measures . Because Bregman divergences are typically asymmetric , we consider both the left-sided and right-sided centroids and the symmetrized centroids , and prove that all three are unique . We give closed-form solutions for the sided centroids that are generalized means , and design a provably fast and efficient approximation algorithm for the symmetrized centroid based on its exact geometric characterization that requires solely to walk on the geodesic linking the two sided centroids . We report on our generic implementation for computing entropic centers of image clusters and entropic centers of multivariate normals , and compare our results with former ad-hoc methods .
0711.3247	cs.NI	A Distributed Dynamic Frequency Allocation Algorithm	We consider a network model where the nodes are grouped into a number of clusters and propose a distributed dynamic frequency allocation algorithm that achieves performance close to that of a centralized optimal algorithm . Each cluster chooses its transmission frequency band based on its knowledge of the interference that it experiences . The convergence of the proposed distributed algorithm to a sub-optimal frequency allocation pattern is proved . For some specific cases of spatial distributions of the clusters in the network , asymptotic bounds on the performance of the algorithm are derived and comparisons to the performance of optimal centralized solutions are made . These analytic results and additional simulation studies verify performance close to that of an optimum centralized frequency allocation algorithm . It is demonstrated that the algorithm achieves about 90 % of the Shannon capacities corresponding to the optimum/near-optimum centralized frequency band assignments . Furthermore , we consider the scenario where each cluster can be in active or inactive mode according to a two-state Markov model . We derive conditions to guarantee finite steady state variance for the output of the algorithm using stochastic analysis . Further simulation studies confirm the results of stochastic modeling and the performance of the algorithm in the time-varying setup .
0711.3250	cs.DS	Improved Fully Dynamic Reachability Algorithm for Directed Graph	We propose a fully dynamic algorithm for maintaining reachability information in directed graphs . The proposed deterministic dynamic algorithm has an update time of $ O ( ( ins*n^ { 2 } ) + ( del * ( m+n*log ( n ) ) ) ) $ where $ m $ is the current number of edges , $ n $ is the number of vertices in the graph , $ ins $ is the number of edge insertions and $ del $ is the number of edge deletions . Each query can be answered in O ( 1 ) time after each update . The proposed algorithm combines existing fully dynamic reachability algorithm with well known witness counting technique to improve efficiency of maintaining reachability information when edges are deleted . The proposed algorithm improves by a factor of $ O ( \frac { n^2 } { m+n*log ( n ) } ) $ for edge deletion over the best existing fully dynamic algorithm for maintaining reachability information .
0711.3251	cs.IT math.IT	Limited Feedback-based Block Diagonalization for the MIMO Broadcast Channel	Block diagonalization is a linear precoding technique for the multiple antenna broadcast ( downlink ) channel that involves transmission of multiple data streams to each receiver such that no multi-user interference is experienced at any of the receivers . This low-complexity scheme operates only a few dB away from capacity but requires very accurate channel knowledge at the transmitter . We consider a limited feedback system where each receiver knows its channel perfectly , but the transmitter is only provided with a finite number of channel feedback bits from each receiver . Using a random quantization argument , we quantify the throughput loss due to imperfect channel knowledge as a function of the feedback level . The quality of channel knowledge must improve proportional to the SNR in order to prevent interference-limitations , and we show that scaling the number of feedback bits linearly with the system SNR is sufficient to maintain a bounded rate loss . Finally , we compare our quantization strategy to an analog feedback scheme and show the superiority of quantized feedback .
