0704.0213	cs.CC	Geometric Complexity Theory V : On deciding nonvanishing of a generalized Littlewood-Richardson coefficient	This article has been withdrawn because it has been merged with the earlier article GCT3 ( arXiv : CS/0501076 [ cs.CC ] ) in the series . The merged article is now available as : Geometric Complexity Theory III : on deciding nonvanishing of a Littlewood-Richardson Coefficient , Journal of Algebraic Combinatorics , vol . 36 , issue 1 , 2012 , pp . 103-110 . ( Authors : Ketan Mulmuley , Hari Narayanan and Milind Sohoni ) The new article in this GCT5 slot in the series is : Geometric Complexity Theory V : Equivalence between blackbox derandomization of polynomial identity testing and derandomization of Noether 's Normalization Lemma , in the Proceedings of FOCS 2012 ( abstract ) , arXiv:1209.5993 [ cs.CC ] ( full version ) ( Author : Ketan Mulmuley )
0704.0217	cs.IT math.IT	Capacity of a Multiple-Antenna Fading Channel with a Quantized Precoding Matrix	Given a multiple-input multiple-output ( MIMO ) channel , feedback from the receiver can be used to specify a transmit precoding matrix , which selectively activates the strongest channel modes . Here we analyze the performance of Random Vector Quantization ( RVQ ) , in which the precoding matrix is selected from a random codebook containing independent , isotropically distributed entries . We assume that channel elements are i.i.d . and known to the receiver , which relays the optimal ( rate-maximizing ) precoder codebook index to the transmitter using B bits . We first derive the large system capacity of beamforming ( rank-one precoding matrix ) as a function of B , where large system refers to the limit as B and the number of transmit and receive antennas all go to infinity with fixed ratios . With beamforming RVQ is asymptotically optimal , i.e. , no other quantization scheme can achieve a larger asymptotic rate . The performance of RVQ is also compared with that of a simpler reduced-rank scalar quantization scheme in which the beamformer is constrained to lie in a random subspace . We subsequently consider a precoding matrix with arbitrary rank , and approximate the asymptotic RVQ performance with optimal and linear receivers ( matched filter and Minimum Mean Squared Error ( MMSE ) ) . Numerical examples show that these approximations accurately predict the performance of finite-size systems of interest . Given a target spectral efficiency , numerical examples show that the amount of feedback required by the linear MMSE receiver is only slightly more than that required by the optimal receiver , whereas the matched filter can require significantly more feedback .
0704.0218	cs.DM cs.LO	On Almost Periodicity Criteria for Morphic Sequences in Some Particular Cases	In some particular cases we give criteria for morphic sequences to be almost periodic ( =uniformly recurrent ) . Namely , we deal with fixed points of non-erasing morphisms and with automatic sequences . In both cases a polynomial-time algorithm solving the problem is found . A result more or less supporting the conjecture of decidability of the general problem is given .
0704.0229	cs.CC	Geometric Complexity Theory VI : the flip via saturated and positive integer programming in representation theory and algebraic geometry	This article belongs to a series on geometric complexity theory ( GCT ) , an approach to the P vs. NP and related problems through algebraic geometry and representation theory . The basic principle behind this approach is called the flip . In essence , it reduces the negative hypothesis in complexity theory ( the lower bound problems ) , such as the P vs. NP problem in characteristic zero , to the positive hypothesis in complexity theory ( the upper bound problems ) : specifically , to showing that the problems of deciding nonvanishing of the fundamental structural constants in representation theory and algebraic geometry , such as the well known plethysm constants -- or rather certain relaxed forms of these decision probelms -- belong to the complexity class P. In this article , we suggest a plan for implementing the flip , i.e. , for showing that these relaxed decision problems belong to P. This is based on the reduction of the preceding complexity-theoretic positive hypotheses to mathematical positivity hypotheses : specifically , to showing that there exist positive formulae -- i.e . formulae with nonnegative coefficients -- for the structural constants under consideration and certain functions associated with them . These turn out be intimately related to the similar positivity properties of the Kazhdan-Lusztig polynomials and the multiplicative structural constants of the canonical ( global crystal ) bases in the theory of Drinfeld-Jimbo quantum groups . The known proofs of these positivity properties depend on the Riemann hypothesis over finite fields and the related results . Thus the reduction here , in conjunction with the flip , in essence , says that the validity of the P vs. NP conjecture in characteristic zero is intimately linked to the Riemann hypothesis over finite fields and related problems .
0704.0282	cs.IT cs.CC math.IT	On Punctured Pragmatic Space-Time Codes in Block Fading Channel	This paper considers the use of punctured convolutional codes to obtain pragmatic space-time trellis codes over block-fading channel . We show that good performance can be achieved even when puncturation is adopted and that we can still employ the same Viterbi decoder of the convolutional mother code by using approximated metrics without increasing the complexity of the decoding operations .
0704.0304	cs.IT cs.AI math.IT q-bio.PE	The World as Evolving Information	This paper discusses the benefits of describing the world as information , especially in the study of the evolution of life and cognition . Traditional studies encounter problems because it is difficult to describe life and cognition in terms of matter and energy , since their laws are valid only at the physical scale . However , if matter and energy , as well as life and cognition , are described in terms of information , evolution can be described consistently as information becoming more complex . The paper presents eight tentative laws of information , valid at multiple scales , which are generalizations of Darwinian , cybernetic , thermodynamic , psychological , philosophical , and complexity principles . These are further used to discuss the notions of life , cognition and their evolution .
0704.0309	cs.CC cs.DM	The Complexity of HCP in Digraps with Degree Bound Two	The Hamiltonian cycle problem ( HCP ) in digraphs D with degree bound two is solved by two mappings in this paper . The first bijection is between an incidence matrix C_ { nm } of simple digraph and an incidence matrix F of balanced bipartite undirected graph G ; The second mapping is from a perfect matching of G to a cycle of D. It proves that the complexity of HCP in D is polynomial , and finding a second non-isomorphism Hamiltonian cycle from a given Hamiltonian digraph with degree bound two is also polynomial . Lastly it deduces P=NP base on the results .
