0704.1524	cs.IT math.IT	GLRT-Optimal Noncoherent Lattice Decoding	This paper presents new low-complexity lattice-decoding algorithms for noncoherent block detection of QAM and PAM signals over complex-valued fading channels . The algorithms are optimal in terms of the generalized likelihood ratio test ( GLRT ) . The computational complexity is polynomial in the block length ; making GLRT-optimal noncoherent detection feasible for implementation . We also provide even lower complexity suboptimal algorithms . Simulations show that the suboptimal algorithms have performance indistinguishable from the optimal algorithms . Finally , we consider block based transmission , and propose to use noncoherent detection as an alternative to pilot assisted transmission ( PAT ) . The new technique is shown to outperform PAT .
0704.1571	cs.DM q-bio.QM	On restrictions of balanced 2-interval graphs	The class of 2-interval graphs has been introduced for modelling scheduling and allocation problems , and more recently for specific bioinformatic problems . Some of those applications imply restrictions on the 2-interval graphs , and justify the introduction of a hierarchy of subclasses of 2-interval graphs that generalize line graphs : balanced 2-interval graphs , unit 2-interval graphs , and ( x , x ) -interval graphs . We provide instances that show that all the inclusions are strict . We extend the NP-completeness proof of recognizing 2-interval graphs to the recognition of balanced 2-interval graphs . Finally we give hints on the complexity of unit 2-interval graphs recognition , by studying relationships with other graph classes : proper circular-arc , quasi-line graphs , K_ { 1,5 } -free graphs , ...
0704.1675	cs.AI cs.CY cs.DL	Exploiting Social Annotation for Automatic Resource Discovery	Information integration applications , such as mediators or mashups , that require access to information resources currently rely on users manually discovering and integrating them in the application . Manual resource discovery is a slow process , requiring the user to sift through results obtained via keyword-based search . Although search methods have advanced to include evidence from document contents , its metadata and the contents and link structure of the referring pages , they still do not adequately cover information sources -- often called `` the hidden Web '' -- that dynamically generate documents in response to a query . The recently popular social bookmarking sites , which allow users to annotate and share metadata about various information sources , provide rich evidence for resource discovery . In this paper , we describe a probabilistic model of the user annotation process in a social bookmarking system del.icio.us . We then use the model to automatically find resources relevant to a particular information domain . Our experimental results on data obtained from \emph { del.icio.us } show this approach as a promising method for helping automate the resource discovery task .
0704.1676	cs.IR cs.AI cs.CY cs.DL cs.HC	Personalizing Image Search Results on Flickr	The social media site Flickr allows users to upload their photos , annotate them with tags , submit them to groups , and also to form social networks by adding other users as contacts . Flickr offers multiple ways of browsing or searching it . One option is tag search , which returns all images tagged with a specific keyword . If the keyword is ambiguous , e.g. , `` beetle '' could mean an insect or a car , tag search results will include many images that are not relevant to the sense the user had in mind when executing the query . We claim that users express their photography interests through the metadata they add in the form of contacts and image annotations . We show how to exploit this metadata to personalize search results for the user , thereby improving search performance . First , we show that we can significantly improve search precision by filtering tag search results by user 's contacts or a larger social network that includes those contact 's contacts . Secondly , we describe a probabilistic model that takes advantage of tag information to discover latent topics contained in the search results . The users ' interests can similarly be described by the tags they used for annotating their images . The latent topics found by the model are then used to personalize search results by finding images on topics that are of interest to the user .
0704.1678	cs.GT cs.CC	Settling the Complexity of Computing Two-Player Nash Equilibria	We settle a long-standing open question in algorithmic game theory . We prove that Bimatrix , the problem of finding a Nash equilibrium in a two-player game , is complete for the complexity class PPAD Polynomial Parity Argument , Directed version ) introduced by Papadimitriou in 1991 . This is the first of a series of results concerning the complexity of Nash equilibria . In particular , we prove the following theorems : Bimatrix does not have a fully polynomial-time approximation scheme unless every problem in PPAD is solvable in polynomial time . The smoothed complexity of the classic Lemke-Howson algorithm and , in fact , of any algorithm for Bimatrix is not polynomial unless every problem in PPAD is solvable in randomized polynomial time . Our results demonstrate that , even in the simplest form of non-cooperative games , equilibrium computation and approximation are polynomial-time equivalent to fixed point computation . Our results also have two broad complexity implications in mathematical economics and operations research : Arrow-Debreu market equilibria are PPAD-hard to compute . The P-Matrix Linear Complementary Problem is computationally harder than convex programming unless every problem in PPAD is solvable in polynomial time .
