0707.1739	cs.IT math.IT	On slow-fading non-separable correlation MIMO systems	In a frequency selective slow-fading channel in a MIMO system , the channel matrix is of the form of a block matrix . We propose a method to calculate the limit of the eigenvalue distribution of block matrices if the size of the blocks tends to infinity . We will also calculate the asymptotic eigenvalue distribution of $ HH^* $ , where the entries of $ H $ are jointly Gaussian , with a correlation of the form $ E [ h_ { pj } \bar h_ { qk } ] = \sum_ { s=1 } ^t \Psi^ { ( s ) } _ { jk } \hat\Psi^ { ( s ) } _ { pq } $ ( where $ t $ is fixed and does not increase with the size of the matrix ) . We will use an operator-valued free probability approach to achieve this goal . Using this method , we derive a system of equations , which can be solved numerically to compute the desired eigenvalue distribution .
0707.1820	cs.NI	Understanding the Properties of the BitTorrent Overlay	In this paper , we conduct extensive simulations to understand the properties of the overlay generated by BitTorrent . We start by analyzing how the overlay properties impact the efficiency of BitTorrent . We focus on the average peer set size ( i.e. , average number of neighbors ) , the time for a peer to reach its maximum peer set size , and the diameter of the overlay . In particular , we show that the later a peer arrives in a torrent , the longer it takes to reach its maximum peer set size . Then , we evaluate the impact of the maximum peer set size , the maximum number of outgoing connections per peer , and the number of NATed peers on the overlay properties . We show that BitTorrent generates a robust overlay , but that this overlay is not a random graph . In particular , the connectivity of a peer to its neighbors depends on its arriving order in the torrent . We also show that a large number of NATed peers significantly compromise the robustness of the overlay to attacks . Finally , we evaluate the impact of peer exchange on the overlay properties , and we show that it generates a chain-like overlay with a large diameter , which will adversely impact the efficiency of large torrents .
0707.1824	cs.RO	The Kinematics of Manipulators Built From Closed Planar Mechanisms	The paper discusses the kinematics of manipulators builts of planar closed kinematic chains . A special kinematic scheme is extracted from the array of these mechanisms that looks the most promising for the creation of different types of robotic manipulators . The structural features of this manipulator determine a number of its original properties that essentially simplify its control . These features allow the main control problems to be effectively overcome by application of the simple kinematic problems . The workspace and singular configurations of a basic planar manipulator are studied . By using a graphic simulation method , motions of the designed mechanism are examined . A prototype of this mechanism was implemented to verify the proposed approach .
0707.1859	cs.IT math.IT	On the Degrees of Freedom in Cognitive Radio Channels	After receiving useful peer comments , we would like to withdraw this paper .
0707.1904	cs.GT	Generalized Solution Concepts in Games with Possibly Unaware Players	Most work in game theory assumes that players are perfect reasoners and have common knowledge of all significant aspects of the game . In earlier work , we proposed a framework for representing and analyzing games with possibly unaware players , and suggested a generalization of Nash equilibrium appropriate for games with unaware players that we called generalized Nash equilibrium . Here , we use this framework to analyze other solution concepts that have been considered in the game-theory literature , with a focus on sequential equilibrium . We also provide some insight into the notion of generalized Nash equilibrium by proving that it is closely related to the notion of rationalizability when we restrict the analysis to games in normal form and no unawareness is involved .
0707.1912	cs.IT math.IT	Throughput Scaling Laws for Wireless Networks with Fading Channels	A network of n communication links , operating over a shared wireless channel , is considered . Fading is assumed to be the dominant factor affecting the strength of the channels between transmitter and receiver terminals . It is assumed that each link can be active and transmit with a constant power P or remain silent . The objective is to maximize the throughput over the selection of active links . By deriving an upper bound and a lower bound , it is shown that in the case of Rayleigh fading ( i ) the maximum throughput scales like $ \log n $ ( ii ) the maximum throughput is achievable in a distributed fashion . The upper bound is obtained using probabilistic methods , where the key point is to upper bound the throughput of any random set of active links by a chi-squared random variable . To obtain the lower bound , a decentralized link activation strategy is proposed and analyzed .
0707.1913	cs.DL cs.CL	Removing Manually-Generated Boilerplate from Electronic Texts : Experiments with Project Gutenberg e-Books	Collaborative work on unstructured or semi-structured documents , such as in literature corpora or source code , often involves agreed upon templates containing metadata . These templates are not consistent across users and over time . Rule-based parsing of these templates is expensive to maintain and tends to fail as new documents are added . Statistical techniques based on frequent occurrences have the potential to identify automatically a large fraction of the templates , thus reducing the burden on the programmers . We investigate the case of the Project Gutenberg corpus , where most documents are in ASCII format with preambles and epilogues that are often copied and pasted or manually typed . We show that a statistical approach can solve most cases though some documents require knowledge of English . We also survey various technical solutions that make our approach applicable to large data sets .
