0707.3336	cs.IT cond-mat.dis-nn cond-mat.stat-mech math.IT	Statistical mechanical analysis of the linear vector channel in digital communication	A statistical mechanical framework to analyze linear vector channel models in digital wireless communication is proposed for a large system . The framework is a generalization of that proposed for code-division multiple-access systems in Europhys . Lett . 76 ( 2006 ) 1193 and enables the analysis of the system in which the elements of the channel transfer matrix are statistically correlated with each other . The significance of the proposed scheme is demonstrated by assessing the performance of an existing model of multi-input multi-output communication systems .
0707.3390	cs.LG	Consistency of the group Lasso and multiple kernel learning	We consider the least-square regression problem with regularization by a block 1-norm , i.e. , a sum of Euclidean norms over spaces of dimensions larger than one . This problem , referred to as the group Lasso , extends the usual regularization by the 1-norm where all spaces have dimension one , where it is commonly referred to as the Lasso . In this paper , we study the asymptotic model consistency of the group Lasso . We derive necessary and sufficient conditions for the consistency of group Lasso under practical assumptions , such as model misspecification . When the linear predictors and Euclidean norms are replaced by functions and reproducing kernel Hilbert norms , the problem is usually referred to as multiple kernel learning and is commonly used for learning from heterogeneous data sources and for non linear variable selection . Using tools from functional analysis , and in particular covariance operators , we extend the consistency results to this infinite dimensional case and also propose an adaptive scheme to obtain a consistent model estimate , even when the necessary condition required for the non adaptive scheme is not satisfied .
0707.3407	cs.DS cs.CC cs.DM	Faster subsequence recognition in compressed strings	Computation on compressed strings is one of the key approaches to processing massive data sets . We consider local subsequence recognition problems on strings compressed by straight-line programs ( SLP ) , which is closely related to Lempel -- Ziv compression . For an SLP-compressed text of length $ \bar m $ , and an uncompressed pattern of length $ n $ , C { \'e } gielski et al . gave an algorithm for local subsequence recognition running in time $ O ( \bar mn^2 \log n ) $ . We improve the running time to $ O ( \bar mn^ { 1.5 } ) $ . Our algorithm can also be used to compute the longest common subsequence between a compressed text and an uncompressed pattern in time $ O ( \bar mn^ { 1.5 } ) $ ; the same problem with a compressed pattern is known to be NP-hard .
0707.3409	cs.DS cs.CC cs.CE q-bio.QM	Faster exon assembly by sparse spliced alignment	Assembling a gene from candidate exons is an important problem in computational biology . Among the most successful approaches to this problem is \emph { spliced alignment } , proposed by Gelfand et al. , which scores different candidate exon chains within a DNA sequence of length $ m $ by comparing them to a known related gene sequence of length n , $ m = \Theta ( n ) $ . Gelfand et al.\ gave an algorithm for spliced alignment running in time O ( n^3 ) . Kent et al.\ considered sparse spliced alignment , where the number of candidate exons is O ( n ) , and proposed an algorithm for this problem running in time O ( n^ { 2.5 } ) . We improve on this result , by proposing an algorithm for sparse spliced alignment running in time O ( n^ { 2.25 } ) . Our approach is based on a new framework of \emph { quasi-local string comparison } .
0707.3435	cs.DC cs.LO	A Knowledge-Based Analysis of Global Function Computation	Consider a distributed system N in which each agent has an input value and each communication link has a weight . Given a global function , that is , a function f whose value depends on the whole network , the goal is for every agent to eventually compute the value f ( N ) . We call this problem global function computation . Various solutions for instances of this problem , such as Boolean function computation , leader election , ( minimum ) spanning tree construction , and network determination , have been proposed , each under particular assumptions about what processors know about the system and how this knowledge can be acquired . We give a necessary and sufficient condition for the problem to be solvable that generalizes a number of well-known results . We then provide a knowledge-based ( kb ) program ( like those of Fagin , Halpern , Moses , and Vardi ) that solves global function computation whenever possible . Finally , we improve the message overhead inherent in our initial kb program by giving a counterfactual belief-based program that also solves the global function computation whenever possible , but where agents send messages only when they believe it is necessary to do so . The latter program is shown to be implemented by a number of well-known algorithms for solving leader election .
0707.3449	cs.DM	Zero-automatic queues and product form	We introduce and study a new model : 0-automatic queues . Roughly , 0-automatic queues are characterized by a special buffering mechanism evolving like a random walk on some infinite group or monoid . The salient result is that all stable 0-automatic queues have a product form stationary distribution and a Poisson output process . When considering the two simplest and extremal cases of 0-automatic queues , we recover the simple M/M/1 queue , and Gelenbe 's G-queue with positive and negative customers .
0707.3457	cs.IT cs.AI math.IT	A Generalized Information Formula as the Bridge between Shannon and Popper	A generalized information formula related to logical probability and fuzzy set is deduced from the classical information formula . The new information measure accords with to Popper 's criterion for knowledge evolution very much . In comparison with square error criterion , the information criterion does not only reflect error of a proposition , but also reflects the particularity of the event described by the proposition . It gives a proposition with less logical probability higher evaluation . The paper introduces how to select a prediction or sentence from many for forecasts and language translations according to the generalized information criterion . It also introduces the rate fidelity theory , which comes from the improvement of the rate distortion theory in the classical information theory by replacing distortion ( i.e . average error ) criterion with the generalized mutual information criterion , for data compression and communication efficiency . Some interesting conclusions are obtained from the rate-fidelity function in relation to image communication . It also discusses how to improve Popper 's theory .
0707.3461	cs.IT math.IT	Lattices for Distributed Source Coding : Jointly Gaussian Sources and Reconstruction of a Linear Function	Consider a pair of correlated Gaussian sources ( X1 , X2 ) . Two separate encoders observe the two components and communicate compressed versions of their observations to a common decoder . The decoder is interested in reconstructing a linear combination of X1 and X2 to within a mean-square distortion of D. We obtain an inner bound to the optimal rate-distortion region for this problem . A portion of this inner bound is achieved by a scheme that reconstructs the linear function directly rather than reconstructing the individual components X1 and X2 first . This results in a better rate region for certain parameter values . Our coding scheme relies on lattice coding techniques in contrast to more prevalent random coding arguments used to demonstrate achievable rate regions in information theory . We then consider the case of linear reconstruction of K sources and provide an inner bound to the optimal rate-distortion region . Some parts of the inner bound are achieved using the following coding structure : lattice vector quantization followed by '' correlated '' lattice-structured binning .
