0706.3295	cs.IT math.CO math.IT	Lower bounds on the minimum average distance of binary codes	New lower bounds on the minimum average Hamming distance of binary codes are derived . The bounds are obtained using linear programming approach .
0706.3305	cs.CR math.GR	A simple generalization of the ElGamal cryptosystem to non-abelian groups II	This is a study of the MOR cryptosystem using the special linear group over finite fields . The automorphism group of the special linear group is analyzed for this purpose . At our current state of knowledge , I show that the MOR cryptosystem has better security than the ElGamal cryptosystem over finite fields .
0706.3341	cs.LO	A Sequent Calculus for Modelling Interferences	A logic calculus is presented that is a conservative extension of linear logic . The motivation beneath this work concerns lazy evaluation , true concurrency and interferences in proof search . The calculus includes two new connectives to deal with multisequent structures and has the cut-elimination property . Extensions are proposed that give first results concerning our objectives .
0706.3350	cs.DC	Optimal Replica Placement in Tree Networks with QoS and Bandwidth Constraints and the Closest Allocation Policy	This paper deals with the replica placement problem on fully homogeneous tree networks known as the Replica Placement optimization problem . The client requests are known beforehand , while the number and location of the servers are to be determined . We investigate the latter problem using the Closest access policy when adding QoS and bandwidth constraints . We propose an optimal algorithm in two passes using dynamic programming .
0706.3412	cs.CC	On Canonical Forms of Complete Problems via First-order Projections	The class of problems complete for NP via first-order reductions is known to be characterized by existential second-order sentences of a fixed form . All such sentences are built around the so-called generalized IS-form of the sentence that defines Independent-Set . This result can also be understood as that every sentence that defines a NP-complete problem P can be decomposed in two disjuncts such that the first one characterizes a fragment of P as hard as Independent-Set and the second the rest of P. That is , a decomposition that divides every such sentence into a quotient and residue modulo Independent-Set . In this paper , we show that this result can be generalized over a wide collection of complexity classes , including the so-called nice classes . Moreover , we show that such decomposition can be done for any complete problem with respect to the given class , and that two such decompositions are non-equivalent in general . Interestingly , our results are based on simple and well-known properties of first-order reductions.ow that this result can be generalized over a wide collection of complexity classes , including the so-called nice classes . Moreover , we show that such decomposition can be done for any complete problem with respect to the given class , and that two such decompositions are non-equivalent in general . Interestingly , our results are based on simple and well-known properties of first-order reductions .
