0710.3824	cs.CR cs.DC cs.DS cs.NI	Deterministic Secure Positioning in Wireless Sensor Networks	Properly locating sensor nodes is an important building block for a large subset of wireless sensor networks ( WSN ) applications . As a result , the performance of the WSN degrades significantly when misbehaving nodes report false location and distance information in order to fake their actual location . In this paper we propose a general distributed deterministic protocol for accurate identification of faking sensors in a WSN . Our scheme does \emph { not } rely on a subset of \emph { trusted } nodes that are not allowed to misbehave and are known to every node in the network . Thus , any subset of nodes is allowed to try faking its position . As in previous approaches , our protocol is based on distance evaluation techniques developed for WSN . On the positive side , we show that when the received signal strength ( RSS ) technique is used , our protocol handles at most $ \lfloor \frac { n } { 2 } \rfloor-2 $ faking sensors . Also , when the time of flight ( ToF ) technique is used , our protocol manages at most $ \lfloor \frac { n } { 2 } \rfloor - 3 $ misbehaving sensors . On the negative side , we prove that no deterministic protocol can identify faking sensors if their number is $ \lceil \frac { n } { 2 } \rceil -1 $ . Thus our scheme is almost optimal with respect to the number of faking sensors . We discuss application of our technique in the trusted sensor model . More precisely our results can be used to minimize the number of trusted sensors that are needed to defeat faking ones .
0710.3974	cs.IT math.IT	Distributed source coding in dense sensor networks	We study the problem of the reconstruction of a Gaussian field defined in [ 0,1 ] using N sensors deployed at regular intervals . The goal is to quantify the total data rate required for the reconstruction of the field with a given mean square distortion . We consider a class of two-stage mechanisms which a ) send information to allow the reconstruction of the sensor 's samples within sufficient accuracy , and then b ) use these reconstructions to estimate the entire field . To implement the first stage , the heavy correlation between the sensor samples suggests the use of distributed coding schemes to reduce the total rate . We demonstrate the existence of a distributed block coding scheme that achieves , for a given fidelity criterion for the reconstruction of the field , a total information rate that is bounded by a constant , independent of the number $ N $ of sensors . The constant in general depends on the autocorrelation function of the field and the desired distortion criterion for the sensor samples . We then describe a scheme which can be implemented using only scalar quantizers at the sensors , without any use of distributed source coding , and which also achieves a total information rate that is a constant , independent of the number of sensors . While this scheme operates at a rate that is greater than the rate achievable through distributed coding and entails greater delay in reconstruction , its simplicity makes it attractive for implementation in sensor networks .
0710.3979	cs.CR cs.NI	Toward Trusted Sharing of Network Packet Traces Using Anonymization : Single-Field Privacy/Analysis Tradeoffs	Network data needs to be shared for distributed security analysis . Anonymization of network data for sharing sets up a fundamental tradeoff between privacy protection versus security analysis capability . This privacy/analysis tradeoff has been acknowledged by many researchers but this is the first paper to provide empirical measurements to characterize the privacy/analysis tradeoff for an enterprise dataset . Specifically we perform anonymization options on single-fields within network packet traces and then make measurements using intrusion detection system alarms as a proxy for security analysis capability . Our results show : ( 1 ) two fields have a zero sum tradeoff ( more privacy lessens security analysis and vice versa ) and ( 2 ) eight fields have a more complex tradeoff ( that is not zero sum ) in which both privacy and analysis can both be simultaneously accomplished .
0710.4046	cs.IT math.IT	Bit-interleaved coded modulation in the wideband regime	The wideband regime of bit-interleaved coded modulation ( BICM ) in Gaussian channels is studied . The Taylor expansion of the coded modulation capacity for generic signal constellations at low signal-to-noise ratio ( SNR ) is derived and used to determine the corresponding expansion for the BICM capacity . Simple formulas for the minimum energy per bit and the wideband slope are given . BICM is found to be suboptimal in the sense that its minimum energy per bit can be larger than the corresponding value for coded modulation schemes . The minimum energy per bit using standard Gray mapping on M-PAM or M^2-QAM is given by a simple formula and shown to approach -0.34 dB as M increases . Using the low SNR expansion , a general trade-off between power and bandwidth in the wideband regime is used to show how a power loss can be traded off against a bandwidth gain .
0710.4076	cs.IT math.IT math.NT math.PR	Some information-theoretic computations related to the distribution of prime numbers	We illustrate how elementary information-theoretic ideas may be employed to provide proofs for well-known , nontrivial results in number theory . Specifically , we give an elementary and fairly short proof of the following asymptotic result : The sum of ( log p ) /p , taken over all primes p not exceeding n , is asymptotic to log n as n tends to infinity . We also give finite-n bounds refining the above limit . This result , originally proved by Chebyshev in 1852 , is closely related to the celebrated prime number theorem .
0710.4105	cs.IT math.IT	A Note on the Secrecy Capacity of the Multi-antenna Wiretap Channel	Recently , the secrecy capacity of the multi-antenna wiretap channel was characterized by Khisti and Wornell [ 1 ] using a Sato-like argument . This note presents an alternative characterization using a channel enhancement argument . This characterization relies on an extremal entropy inequality recently proved in the context of multi-antenna broadcast channels , and is directly built on the physical intuition regarding to the optimal transmission strategy in this communication scenario .
0710.4180	cs.MM cs.DB	A quick search method for audio signals based on a piecewise linear representation of feature trajectories	This paper presents a new method for a quick similarity-based search through long unlabeled audio streams to detect and locate audio clips provided by users . The method involves feature-dimension reduction based on a piecewise linear representation of a sequential feature trajectory extracted from a long audio stream . Two techniques enable us to obtain a piecewise linear representation : the dynamic segmentation of feature trajectories and the segment-based Karhunen-L\ ' { o } eve ( KL ) transform . The proposed search method guarantees the same search results as the search method without the proposed feature-dimension reduction method in principle . Experiment results indicate significant improvements in search speed . For example the proposed method reduced the total search time to approximately 1/12 that of previous methods and detected queries in approximately 0.3 seconds from a 200-hour audio database .
0710.4182	cs.NE	Beyond Feedforward Models Trained by Backpropagation : a Practical Training Tool for a More Efficient Universal Approximator	Cellular Simultaneous Recurrent Neural Network ( SRN ) has been shown to be a function approximator more powerful than the MLP . This means that the complexity of MLP would be prohibitively large for some problems while SRN could realize the desired mapping with acceptable computational constraints . The speed of training of complex recurrent networks is crucial to their successful application . Present work improves the previous results by training the network with extended Kalman filter ( EKF ) . We implemented a generic Cellular SRN and applied it for solving two challenging problems : 2D maze navigation and a subset of the connectedness problem . The speed of convergence has been improved by several orders of magnitude in comparison with the earlier results in the case of maze navigation , and superior generalization has been demonstrated in the case of connectedness . The implications of this improvements are discussed .
