0708.2319	cs.IT cs.LG math.IT math.PR	On Semimeasures Predicting Martin-Loef Random Sequences	Solomonoff 's central result on induction is that the posterior of a universal semimeasure M converges rapidly and with probability 1 to the true sequence generating posterior mu , if the latter is computable . Hence , M is eligible as a universal sequence predictor in case of unknown mu . Despite some nearby results and proofs in the literature , the stronger result of convergence for all ( Martin-Loef ) random sequences remained open . Such a convergence result would be particularly interesting and natural , since randomness can be defined in terms of M itself . We show that there are universal semimeasures M which do not converge for all random sequences , i.e . we give a partial negative answer to the open problem . We also provide a positive answer for some non-universal semimeasures . We define the incomputable measure D as a mixture over all computable measures and the enumerable semimeasure W as a mixture over all enumerable nearly-measures . We show that W converges to D and D to mu on all random sequences . The Hellinger distance measuring closeness of two distributions plays a central role .
0708.2336	cs.DM cs.CC cs.LO	Unsatisfiable Linear k-CNFs Exist , for every k	We call a CNF formula linear if any two clauses have at most one variable in common . Let Linear k-SAT be the problem of deciding whether a given linear k-CNF formula is satisfiable . Here , a k-CNF formula is a CNF formula in which every clause has size exactly k. It was known that for k > = 3 , Linear k-SAT is NP-complete if and only if an unsatisfiable linear k-CNF formula exists , and that they do exist for k > = 4 . We prove that unsatisfiable linear k-CNF formulas exist for every k. Let f ( k ) be the minimum number of clauses in an unsatisfiable linear k-CNF formula . We show that f ( k ) is Omega ( k2^k ) and O ( 4^k*k^4 ) , i.e. , minimum size unsatisfiable linear k-CNF formulas are significantly larger than minimum size unsatisfiable k-CNF formulas . Finally , we prove that , surprisingly , linear k-CNF formulas do not allow for a larger fraction of clauses to be satisfied than general k-CNF formulas .
0708.2351	cs.DS cs.DM	Randomized algorithm for the k-server problem on decomposable spaces	We study the randomized k-server problem on metric spaces consisting of widely separated subspaces . We give a method which extends existing algorithms to larger spaces with the growth rate of the competitive quotients being at most O ( log k ) . This method yields o ( k ) -competitive algorithms solving the randomized k-server problem , for some special underlying metric spaces , e.g . HSTs of `` small '' height ( but unbounded degree ) . HSTs are important tools for probabilistic approximation of metric spaces .
0708.2353	cs.LG	Continuous and randomized defensive forecasting : unified view	Defensive forecasting is a method of transforming laws of probability ( stated in game-theoretic terms as strategies for Sceptic ) into forecasting algorithms . There are two known varieties of defensive forecasting : `` continuous '' , in which Sceptic 's moves are assumed to depend on the forecasts in a ( semi ) continuous manner and which produces deterministic forecasts , and `` randomized '' , in which the dependence of Sceptic 's moves on the forecasts is arbitrary and Forecaster 's moves are allowed to be randomized . This note shows that the randomized variety can be obtained from the continuous variety by smearing Sceptic 's moves to make them continuous .
0708.2363	cs.DM	On a constructive characterization of a class of trees related to pairs of disjoint matchings	For a graph consider the pairs of disjoint matchings which union contains as many edges as possible , and define a parameter $ \alpha $ which eqauls the cardinality of the largest matching in those pairs . Also , define $ \betta $ to be the cardinality of a maximum matching of the graph . We give a constructive characterization of trees which satisfy the $ \alpha $ = $ \betta $ equality . The proof of our main theorem is based on a new decomposition algorithm obtained for trees .
0708.2395	cs.CR	Key Agreement and Authentication Schemes Using Non-Commutative Semigroups	We give a new two-pass authentication scheme , whichis a generalisation of an authentication scheme of Sibert-Dehornoy-Girault based on the Diffie-Hellman conjugacy problem . Compared to the above scheme , for some parameters it is more efficient with respect to multiplications . We sketch a proof that our authentication scheme is secure . We give a new key agreement protocols .
0708.2397	cs.CR	On the AAGL Protocol	Recently the AAGL ( Anshel-Anshel-Goldfeld-Lemieux ) has been proposed which can be used for RFID tags . We give algorithms for the problem ( we call the MSCSPv ) on which the security of the AAGL protocol is based upon . Hence we give various attacks for general parameters on the recent AAGL protocol proposed . One of our attacks is a deterministic algorithm which has space complexity and time complexity both atleast exponentialin the worst case . In a better case using a probabilistic algorithm the time complexity canbe O ( |XSS ( ui ' ) ^L5* ( n^ ( 1+e ) ) and the space complexity can be O ( |XSS ( ui ' ) |^L6 ) , where the element ui ' is part of a public key , n is the index of braid group , XSS is a summit type set and e is a constant in a limit . The above shows the AAGL protocol is potentially not significantly more secure as using key agreement protocols based on the conjugacy problem such as the AAG ( Anshel-Anshel-Goldfeld ) protocol because both protocols can be broken with complexity which do not significantly differ . We think our attacks can be improved .
0708.2414	cs.CY	User Participation in Social Media : Digg Study	The social news aggregator Digg allows users to submit and moderate stories by voting on ( digging ) them . As is true of most social sites , user participation on Digg is non-uniformly distributed , with few users contributing a disproportionate fraction of content . We studied user participation on Digg , to see whether it is motivated by competition , fueled by user ranking , or social factors , such as community acceptance . For our study we collected activity data of the top users weekly over the course of a year . We computed the number of stories users submitted , dugg or commented on weekly . We report a spike in user activity in September 2006 , followed by a gradual decline , which seems unaffected by the elimination of user ranking . The spike can be explained by a controversy that broke out at the beginning of September 2006 . We believe that the lasting acrimony that this incident has created led to a decline of top user participation on Digg .
0708.2438	cs.CV cs.AI	On Ullman 's theorem in computer vision	Both in the plane and in space , we invert the nonlinear Ullman transformation for 3 points and 3 orthographic cameras . While Ullman 's theorem assures a unique reconstruction modulo a reflection for 3 cameras and 4 points , we find a locally unique reconstruction for 3 cameras and 3 points . Explicit reconstruction formulas allow to decide whether picture data of three cameras seeing three points can be realized as a point-camera configuration .
0708.2442	cs.CV cs.AI	Space and camera path reconstruction for omni-directional vision	In this paper , we address the inverse problem of reconstructing a scene as well as the camera motion from the image sequence taken by an omni-directional camera . Our structure from motion results give sharp conditions under which the reconstruction is unique . For example , if there are three points in general position and three omni-directional cameras in general position , a unique reconstruction is possible up to a similarity . We then look at the reconstruction problem with m cameras and n points , where n and m can be large and the over-determined system is solved by least square methods . The reconstruction is robust and generalizes to the case of a dynamic environment where landmarks can move during the movie capture . Possible applications of the result are computer assisted scene reconstruction , 3D scanning , autonomous robot navigation , medical tomography and city reconstructions .
