0705.1209	cs.AI	Artificial Intelligence for Conflict Management	Militarised conflict is one of the risks that have a significant impact on society . Militarised Interstate Dispute ( MID ) is defined as an outcome of interstate interactions , which result on either peace or conflict . Effective prediction of the possibility of conflict between states is an important decision support tool for policy makers . In a previous research , neural networks ( NNs ) have been implemented to predict the MID . Support Vector Machines ( SVMs ) have proven to be very good prediction techniques and are introduced for the prediction of MIDs in this study and compared to neural networks . The results show that SVMs predict MID better than NNs while NNs give more consistent and easy to interpret sensitivity analysis than SVMs .
0705.1214	cs.CE cs.NE	Control of Complex Systems Using Bayesian Networks and Genetic Algorithm	A method based on Bayesian neural networks and genetic algorithm is proposed to control the fermentation process . The relationship between input and output variables is modelled using Bayesian neural network that is trained using hybrid Monte Carlo method . A feedback loop based on genetic algorithm is used to change input variables so that the output variables are as close to the desired target as possible without the loss of confidence level on the prediction that the neural network gives . The proposed procedure is found to reduce the distance between the desired target and measured outputs significantly .
0705.1215	cs.RO	Kinematic Calibration of the Orthoglide-Type Mechanisms	The paper proposes a novel calibration approach for the Orthoglide-type mechanisms based on observations of the manipulator leg parallelism during motions between the prespecified test postures . It employs a low-cost measuring system composed of standard comparator indicators attached to the universal magnetic stands . They are sequentially used for measuring the deviation of the relevant leg location while the manipulator moves the TCP along the Cartesian axes . Using the measured differences , the developed algorithm estimates the joint offsets that are treated as the most essential parameters to be adjusted . The sensitivity of the measurement methods and the calibration accuracy are also studied . Experimental results are presented that demonstrate validity of the proposed calibration technique .
0705.1217	cs.RO	The Design of a Novel Prismatic Drive for a Three-DOF Parallel-Kinematics Machine	The design of a novel prismatic drive is reported in this paper . This transmission is based on Slide-O-Cam , a cam mechanism with multiple rollers mounted on a common translating follower . The design of Slide-O-Cam was reported elsewhere . This drive thus provides pure-rolling motion , thereby reducing the friction of rack-and-pinions and linear drives . Such properties can be used to design new transmissions for parallel-kinematics machines . In this paper , this transmission is optimized to replace ball-screws in Orthoglide , a three-DOF parallel robot optimized for machining applications .
0705.1218	cs.RO	Calibration of quasi-isotropic parallel kinematic Machines : Orthoglide	The paper proposes a novel approach for the geometrical model calibration of quasi-isotropic parallel kinematic mechanisms of the Orthoglide family . It is based on the observations of the manipulator leg parallelism during motions between the specific test postures and employs a low-cost measuring system composed of standard comparator indicators attached to the universal magnetic stands . They are sequentially used for measuring the deviation of the relevant leg location while the manipulator moves the TCP along the Cartesian axes . Using the measured differences , the developed algorithm estimates the joint offsets and the leg lengths that are treated as the most essential parameters . Validity of the proposed calibration technique is confirmed by the experimental results .
0705.1227	cs.IT cs.NI math.IT	Rate Adaptation for Cognitive Radio under Interference from Primary Spectrum User	A cognitive radio can operate as a secondary system in a given spectrum . This operation should use limited power in order not to disturb the communication by primary spectrum user . Under such conditions , in this paper we investigate how to maximize the spectral efficiency in the secondary system . A secondary receiver observes a multiple access channel of two users , the secondary and the primary transmitter , respectively . We show that , for spectrally-efficient operation , the secondary system should apply Opportunistic Interference Cancellation ( OIC ) . With OIC , the secondary system decodes the primary signal when such an opportunity is created by the primary rate and the power received from the primary system . For such an operation , we derive the achievable data rate in the secondary system . When the primary signal is decodable , we devise a method , based on superposition coding , by which the secondary system can achieve the maximal possible rate . Finally , we investigate the power allocation in the secondary system when multiple channels are used . We show that the optimal power allocation with OIC can be achieved through intercepted water-filling instead of the conventional water-filling . The results show a significant gain for the rate achieved through an opportunistic interference cancellation .
0705.1244	cs.AI	Evolving Symbolic Controllers	The idea of symbolic controllers tries to bridge the gap between the top-down manual design of the controller architecture , as advocated in Brooks' subsumption architecture , and the bottom-up designer-free approach that is now standard within the Evolutionary Robotics community . The designer provides a set of elementary behavior , and evolution is given the goal of assembling them to solve complex tasks . Two experiments are presented , demonstrating the efficiency and showing the recursiveness of this approach . In particular , the sensitivity with respect to the proposed elementary behaviors , and the robustness w.r.t . generalization of the resulting controllers are studied in detail .
0705.1271	cs.RO	Design of a 3 Axis Parallel Machine Tool for High Speed Machining : The Orthoglide	The Orthoglide project aims at designing a new 3-axis machine tool for High Speed Machining . Basis kinematics is a 3 degree-of-freedom translational parallel mechanism . This basis was submitted to isotropic and manipulability constraints that allowed the optmization of its kinematic architecture and legs architecture . Thus , several leg morphologies are convenient for the chosen mechanism . We explain the process that led us to the choice we made for the Orthoglide . A static study is presented to show how singular configurations of the legs can cause stiffness problems .
0705.1272	cs.RO	The Isoconditioning Loci of Planar Three-DOF Parallel Manipulators	The subject of this paper is a special class of parallel manipulators . First , we analyze a family of three-degree-of-freedom manipulators . Two Jacobian matrices appear in the kinematic relations between the joint-rate and the Cartesian-velocity vectors , which are called the `` inverse kinematics '' and the '' direct kinematics '' matrices . The singular configurations of these matrices are studied . The isotropic configurations are then studied based on the characteristic length of this manipulator . The isoconditioning loci of all Jacobian matrices are computed to define a global performance index to compare the different working modes .
0705.1280	cs.RO	A Novel method for the design of 2-DOF Parallel mechanisms for machining applications	Parallel Kinematic Mechanisms ( PKM ) are interesting alternative designs for machine tools . A design method based on velocity amplification factors analysis is presented in this paper . The comparative study of two simple two-degree-of-freedom PKM dedicated to machining applications is led through this method : the common desired properties are the largest square Cartesian workspace for given kinetostatic performances . The orientation and position of the Cartesian workspace are chosen to avoid singularities and to produce the best ratio between Cartesian workspace size and mechanism size . The machine size of each resulting design is used as a comparative criterion .
0705.1282	cs.RO	Design of a Three-Axis Isotropic Parallel Manipulator for Machining Applications : The Orthoglide	The orthoglide is a 3-DOF parallel mechanism designed at IRCCyN for machining applications . It features three fixed parallel linear joints which are mounted orthogonally and a mobile platform which moves in the Cartesian x-y-z space with fixed orientation . The orthoglide has been designed as function of a prescribed Cartesian workspace with prescribed kinetostatic performances . The interesting features of the orthoglide are a regular Cartesian workspace shape , uniform performances in all directions and good compactness . A small-scale prototype of the orthoglide under development is presented at the end of this paper .
0705.1284	cs.RO	Workspace Analysis of the Orthoglide using Interval Analysis	This paper addresses the workspace analysis of the orthoglide , a 3-DOF parallel mechanism designed for machining applications . This machine features three fixed parallel linear joints which are mounted orthogonally and a mobile platform which moves in the Cartesian x-y-z space with fixed orientation . The workspace analysis is conducted on the bases of prescribed kinetostatic performances . The interesting features of the orthoglide are a regular Cartesian workspace shape , uniform performances in all directions and good compactness . Interval analysis based methods for computing the dextrous workspace and the largest cube enclosed in this workspace are presented .
0705.1285	cs.RO	P\'eriph\'eriques haptiques et simulation d'objets , de robots et de mannequins dans un environnement de CAO-Robotique : eM-Virtual Desktop	This paper presents the development of a new software in order to manage objects , robots and mannequins in using the possibilities given by the haptic feedback of the Phantom desktop devices . The haptic device provides 6 positional degree of freedom sensing but three degrees force feedback . This software called eM-Virtual Desktop is integrated in the Tecnomatix 's solution called eM-Workplace . The eM-Workplace provides powerful solutions for planning and designing of complex assembly facilities , lines and workplaces . In the digital mockup context , the haptic interfaces can be used to reduce the development cycle of products . Three different loops are used to manage the graphic , the collision detection and the haptic feedback according to theirs own frequencies . The developed software is currently tested in industrial context by a European automotive constructor .
0705.1288	cs.CR	Predicting the Presence of Internet Worms using Novelty Detection	Internet worms cause billions of dollars in damage yearly , affecting millions of users worldwide . For countermeasures to be deployed timeously , it is necessary to use an automated system to detect the spread of a worm . This paper discusses a method of determining the presence of a worm , based on routing information currently available from Internet routers . An autoencoder , which is a specialized type of neural network , was used to detect anomalies in normal routing behavior . The autoencoder was trained using information from a single router , and was able to detect both global instability caused by worms as well as localized routing instability .
0705.1309	cs.AI	Robust Multi-Cellular Developmental Design	This paper introduces a continuous model for Multi-cellular Developmental Design . The cells are fixed on a 2D grid and exchange `` chemicals '' with their neighbors during the growth process . The quantity of chemicals that a cell produces , as well as the differentiation value of the cell in the phenotype , are controlled by a Neural Network ( the genotype ) that takes as inputs the chemicals produced by the neighboring cells at the previous time step . In the proposed model , the number of iterations of the growth process is not pre-determined , but emerges during evolution : only organisms for which the growth process stabilizes give a phenotype ( the stable state ) , others are declared nonviable . The optimization of the controller is done using the NEAT algorithm , that optimizes both the topology and the weights of the Neural Networks . Though each cell only receives local information from its neighbors , the experimental results of the proposed approach on the 'flags ' problems ( the phenotype must match a given 2D pattern ) are almost as good as those of a direct regression approach using the same model with global information . Moreover , the resulting multi-cellular organisms exhibit almost perfect self-healing characteristics .
0705.1336	cs.IT math.IT	Diversity-Multiplexing Tradeoff via Asymptotic Analysis of Large MIMO Systems	Diversity-multiplexing tradeoff ( DMT ) presents a compact framework to compare various MIMO systems and channels in terms of the two main advantages they provide ( i.e . high data rate and/or low error rate ) . This tradeoff was characterized asymptotically ( SNR- > infinity ) for i.i.d . Rayleigh fading channel by Zheng and Tse [ 1 ] . The asymptotic DMT overestimates the finite-SNR one [ 2 ] . In this paper , using the recent results on the asymptotic ( in the number of antennas ) outage capacity distribution , we derive and analyze the finite-SNR DMT for a broad class of channels ( not necessarily Rayleigh fading ) . Based on this , we give the convergence conditions for the asymptotic DMT to be approached by the finite-SNR one . The multiplexing gain definition is shown to affect critically the convergence point : when the multiplexing gain is defined via the mean ( ergodic ) capacity , the convergence takes place at realistic SNR values . Furthermore , in this case the diversity gain can also be used to estimate the outage probability with reasonable accuracy . The multiplexing gain definition via the high-SNR asymptote of the mean capacity ( as in [ 1 ] ) results in very slow convergence for moderate to large systems ( as 1/ln ( SNR ) ^2 ) and , hence , the asymptotic DMT can not be used at realistic SNR values . For this definition , the high-SNR threshold increases exponentially in the number of antennas and in the multiplexing gain . For correlated keyhole channel , the diversity gain is shown to decrease with correlation and power imbalance of the channel . While the SNR-asymptotic DMT of Zheng and Tse does not capture this effect , the size-asymptotic DMT does .
0705.1340	cs.IT math.IT	On Optimum Power Allocation for the V-BLAST	A unified analytical framework for optimum power allocation in the unordered V-BLAST algorithm and its comparative performance analysis are presented . Compact closed-form approximations for the optimum power allocation are derived , based on average total and block error rates . The choice of the criterion has little impact on the power allocation and , overall , the optimum strategy is to allocate more power to lower step transmitters and less to higher ones . High-SNR approximations for optimized average block and total error rates are given . The SNR gain of optimization is rigorously defined and studied using analytical tools , including lower and upper bounds , high and low SNR approximations . The gain is upper bounded by the number of transmitters , for any modulation format and type of fading channel . While the average optimization is less complex than the instantaneous one , its performance is almost as good at high SNR . A measure of robustness of the optimized algorithm is introduced and evaluated . The optimized algorithm is shown to be robust to perturbations in individual and total transmit powers . Based on the algorithm robustness , a pre-set power allocation is suggested as a low-complexity alternative to the other optimization strategies , which exhibits only a minor loss in performance over the practical SNR range .
0705.1343	cs.RO	The Optimal Design of Three Degree-of-Freedom Parallel Mechanisms for Machining Applications	The subject of this paper is the optimal design of a parallel mechanism intended for three-axis machining applications . Parallel mechanisms are interesting alternative designs in this context but most of them are designed for three- or six-axis machining applications . In the last case , the position and the orientation of the tool are coupled and the shape of the workspace is complex . The aim of this paper is to use a simple parallel mechanism with two-degree-of-freedom ( dof ) for translational motions and to add one leg to have one-dof rotational motion . The kinematics and singular configurations are studied as well as an optimization method . The three-degree-of-freedom mechanisms analyzed in this paper can be extended to four-axis machines by adding a fourth axis in series with the first two .
0705.1344	cs.RO	Classification of one family of 3R positioning Manipulators	The aim of this paper is to classify one family of 3R serial positioning manipulators . This categorization is based on the number of cusp points of quaternary , binary , generic and non-generic manipulators . It was found three subsets of manipulators with 0 , 2 or 4 cusp points and one homotopy class for generic quaternary manipulators . This classification allows us to define the design parameters for which the manipulator is cuspidal or not , i.e. , for which the manipulator can or can not change posture without meeting a singularity , respectively .
0705.1345	cs.IT math.IT	Degree Optimization and Stability Condition for the Min-Sum Decoder	The min-sum ( MS ) algorithm is arguably the second most fundamental algorithm in the realm of message passing due to its optimality ( for a tree code ) with respect to the { \em block error } probability \cite { Wiberg } . There also seems to be a fundamental relationship of MS decoding with the linear programming decoder \cite { Koetter } . Despite its importance , its fundamental properties have not nearly been studied as well as those of the sum-product ( also known as BP ) algorithm . We address two questions related to the MS rule . First , we characterize the stability condition under MS decoding . It turns out to be essentially the same condition as under BP decoding . Second , we perform a degree distribution optimization . Contrary to the case of BP decoding , under MS decoding the thresholds of the best degree distributions for standard irregular LDPC ensembles are significantly bounded away from the Shannon threshold . More precisely , on the AWGN channel , for the best codes that we find , the gap to capacity is 1dB for a rate 0.3 code and it is 0.4dB when the rate is 0.9 ( the gap decreases monotonically as we increase the rate ) . We also used the optimization procedure to design codes for modified MS algorithm where the output of the check node is scaled by a constant $ 1/\alpha $ . For $ \alpha = 1.25 $ , we observed that the gap to capacity was lesser for the modified MS algorithm when compared with the MS algorithm . However , it was still quite large , varying from 0.75 dB to 0.2 dB for rates between 0.3 and 0.9 . We conclude by posing what we consider to be the most important open questions related to the MS algorithm .
0705.1364	cs.CG cs.DS	An Approximation Algorithm for Shortest Descending Paths	A path from s to t on a polyhedral terrain is descending if the height of a point p never increases while we move p along the path from s to t. No efficient algorithm is known to find a shortest descending path ( SDP ) from s to t in a polyhedral terrain . We give a simple approximation algorithm that solves the SDP problem on general terrains . Our algorithm discretizes the terrain with O ( n^2 X / e ) Steiner points so that after an O ( n^2 X / e * log ( n X /e ) ) -time preprocessing phase for a given vertex s , we can determine a ( 1+e ) -approximate SDP from s to any point v in O ( n ) time if v is either a vertex of the terrain or a Steiner point , and in O ( n X /e ) time otherwise . Here n is the size of the terrain , and X is a parameter of the geometry of the terrain .
0705.1367	cs.LO	Logic Column 18 : Alternative Logics : A Book Review	This article discusses two books on the topic of alternative logics in science : `` Deviant Logic '' , by Susan Haack , and `` Alternative Logics : Do Sciences Need Them ? `` , edited by Paul Weingartner .
0705.1384	cs.DM cs.IT math.IT	Matroid Pathwidth and Code Trellis Complexity	We relate the notion of matroid pathwidth to the minimum trellis state-complexity ( which we term trellis-width ) of a linear code , and to the pathwidth of a graph . By reducing from the problem of computing the pathwidth of a graph , we show that the problem of determining the pathwidth of a representable matroid is NP-hard . Consequently , the problem of computing the trellis-width of a linear code is also NP-hard . For a finite field $ \F $ , we also consider the class of $ \F $ -representable matroids of pathwidth at most $ w $ , and correspondingly , the family of linear codes over $ \F $ with trellis-width at most $ w $ . These are easily seen to be minor-closed . Since these matroids ( and codes ) have branchwidth at most $ w $ , a result of Geelen and Whittle shows that such matroids ( and the corresponding codes ) are characterized by finitely many excluded minors . We provide the complete list of excluded minors for $ w=1 $ , and give a partial list for $ w=2 $ .
