0709.3880	cs.GT	A New Perspective on Multi-user Power Control Games in Interference Channels	This paper considers the problem of how to allocate power among competing users sharing a frequency-selective interference channel . We model the interaction between selfish users as a non-cooperative game . As opposed to the existing iterative water-filling algorithm that studies the myopic users , this paper studies how a foresighted user , who knows the channel state information and response strategies of its competing users , should optimize its transmission strategy . To characterize this multi-user interaction , the Stackelberg equilibrium is introduced , and the existence of this equilibrium for the investigated non-cooperative game is shown . We analyze this interaction in more detail using a simple two-user example , where the foresighted user determines its transmission strategy by solving as a bi-level program which allows him to account for the myopic user 's response . It is analytically shown that a foresighted user can improve its performance , if it has the necessary information about its competitors . Since the optimal solution of Stackelberg equilibrium is computationally prohibitive , we propose a practical low-complexity approach based on Lagrangian duality theory . Numerical simulations verify the performance improvements . Possible ways to acquire the required information and to extend the formulation to more than two users are also discussed .
0709.3915	cs.IT math.IT	Guessing Facets : Polytope Structure and Improved LP Decoding	In this paper we investigate the structure of the fundamental polytope used in the Linear Programming decoding introduced by Feldman , Karger and Wainwright . We begin by showing that for expander codes , every fractional pseudocodeword always has at least a constant fraction of non-integral bits . We then prove that for expander codes , the active set of any fractional pseudocodeword is smaller by a constant fraction than the active set of any codeword . We further exploit these geometrical properties to devise an improved decoding algorithm with the same complexity order as LP decoding that provably performs better , for any blocklength . It proceeds by guessing facets of the polytope , and then resolving the linear program on these facets . While the LP decoder succeeds only if the ML codeword has the highest likelihood over all pseudocodewords , we prove that the proposed algorithm , when applied to suitable expander codes , succeeds unless there exist a certain number of pseudocodewords , all adjacent to the ML codeword on the LP decoding polytope , and with higher likelihood than the ML codeword . We then describe an extended algorithm , still with polynomial complexity , that succeeds as long as there are at most polynomially many pseudocodewords above the ML codeword .
0709.3921	cs.IT cs.NI math.IT math.PR	Geographic Gossip : Efficient Averaging for Sensor Networks	Gossip algorithms for distributed computation are attractive due to their simplicity , distributed nature , and robustness in noisy and uncertain environments . However , using standard gossip algorithms can lead to a significant waste in energy by repeatedly recirculating redundant information . For realistic sensor network model topologies like grids and random geometric graphs , the inefficiency of gossip schemes is related to the slow mixing times of random walks on the communication graph . We propose and analyze an alternative gossiping scheme that exploits geographic information . By utilizing geographic routing combined with a simple resampling method , we demonstrate substantial gains over previously proposed gossip protocols . For regular graphs such as the ring or grid , our algorithm improves standard gossip by factors of $ n $ and $ \sqrt { n } $ respectively . For the more challenging case of random geometric graphs , our algorithm computes the true average to accuracy $ \epsilon $ using $ O ( \frac { n^ { 1.5 } } { \sqrt { \log n } } \log \epsilon^ { -1 } ) $ radio transmissions , which yields a $ \sqrt { \frac { n } { \log n } } $ factor improvement over standard gossip algorithms . We illustrate these theoretical results with experimental comparisons between our algorithm and standard methods as applied to various classes of random fields .
0709.3965	cs.LG cs.AI cs.NE	Evolving Classifiers : Methods for Incremental Learning	The ability of a classifier to take on new information and classes by evolving the classifier without it having to be fully retrained is known as incremental learning . Incremental learning has been successfully applied to many classification problems , where the data is changing and is not all available at once . In this paper there is a comparison between Learn++ , which is one of the most recent incremental learning algorithms , and the new proposed method of Incremental Learning Using Genetic Algorithm ( ILUGA ) . Learn++ has shown good incremental learning capabilities on benchmark datasets on which the new ILUGA method has been tested . ILUGA has also shown good incremental learning ability using only a few classifiers and does not suffer from catastrophic forgetting . The results obtained for ILUGA on the Optical Character Recognition ( OCR ) and Wine datasets are good , with an overall accuracy of 93 % and 94 % respectively showing a 4 % improvement over Learn++.MT for the difficult multi-class OCR dataset .
0709.3967	cs.LG cs.AI	Classification of Images Using Support Vector Machines	Support Vector Machines ( SVMs ) are a relatively new supervised classification technique to the land cover mapping community . They have their roots in Statistical Learning Theory and have gained prominence because they are robust , accurate and are effective even when using a small training sample . By their nature SVMs are essentially binary classifiers , however , they can be adopted to handle the multiple classification tasks common in remote sensing studies . The two approaches commonly used are the One-Against-One ( 1A1 ) and One-Against-All ( 1AA ) techniques . In this paper , these approaches are evaluated in as far as their impact and implication for land cover mapping . The main finding from this research is that whereas the 1AA technique is more predisposed to yielding unclassified and mixed pixels , the resulting classification accuracy is not significantly different from 1A1 approach . It is the authors conclusions that ultimately the choice of technique adopted boils down to personal preference and the uniqueness of the dataset at hand .
0709.3974	cs.AI	Fitness landscape of the cellular automata majority problem : View from the Olympus	In this paper we study cellular automata ( CAs ) that perform the computational Majority task . This task is a good example of what the phenomenon of emergence in complex systems is . We take an interest in the reasons that make this particular fitness landscape a difficult one . The first goal is to study the landscape as such , and thus it is ideally independent from the actual heuristics used to search the space . However , a second goal is to understand the features a good search technique for this particular problem space should possess . We statistically quantify in various ways the degree of difficulty of searching this landscape . Due to neutrality , investigations based on sampling techniques on the whole landscape are difficult to conduct . So , we go exploring the landscape from the top . Although it has been proved that no CA can perform the task perfectly , several efficient CAs for this task have been found . Exploiting similarities between these CAs and symmetries in the landscape , we define the Olympus landscape which is regarded as the ''heavenly home '' of the best local optima known ( blok ) . Then we measure several properties of this subspace . Although it is easier to find relevant CAs in this subspace than in the overall landscape , there are structural reasons that prevent a searcher from finding overfitted CAs in the Olympus . Finally , we study dynamics and performance of genetic algorithms on the Olympus in order to confirm our analysis and to find efficient CAs for the Majority problem with low computational cost .
0709.4010	cs.AI	Local search heuristics : Fitness Cloud versus Fitness Landscape	This paper introduces the concept of fitness cloud as an alternative way to visualize and analyze search spaces than given by the geographic notion of fitness landscape . It is argued that the fitness cloud concept overcomes several deficiencies of the landscape representation . Our analysis is based on the correlation between fitness of solutions and fitnesses of nearest solutions according to some neighboring . We focus on the behavior of local search heuristics , such as hill climber , on the well-known NK fitness landscape . In both cases the fitness vs. fitness correlation is shown to be related to the epistatic parameter K .
0709.4011	cs.AI	Measuring the Evolvability Landscape to study Neutrality	This theoretical work defines the measure of autocorrelation of evolvability in the context of neutral fitness landscape . This measure has been studied on the classical MAX-SAT problem . This work highlight a new characteristic of neutral fitness landscapes which allows to design new adapted metaheuristic .
0709.4015	cs.AI	From Texts to Structured Documents : The Case of Health Practice Guidelines	This paper describes a system capable of semi-automatically filling an XML template from free texts in the clinical domain ( practice guidelines ) . The XML template includes semantic information not explicitly encoded in the text ( pairs of conditions and actions/recommendations ) . Therefore , there is a need to compute the exact scope of conditions over text sequences expressing the required actions . We present in this paper the rules developed for this task . We show that the system yields good performance when applied to the analysis of French practice guidelines .
0709.4035	cs.IT math.IT	Energy Efficient Estimation of Gaussian Sources Over Inhomogeneous Gaussian MAC Channels	It has been shown lately the optimality of uncoded transmission in estimating Gaussian sources over homogeneous/symmetric Gaussian multiple access channels ( MAC ) using multiple sensors . It remains , however , unclear whether it still holds for any arbitrary networks and/or with high channel signal-to-noise ratio ( SNR ) and high signal-to-measurement-noise ratio ( SMNR ) . In this paper , we first provide a joint source and channel coding approach in estimating Gaussian sources over Gaussian MAC channels , as well as its sufficient and necessary condition in restoring Gaussian sources with a prescribed distortion value . An interesting relationship between our proposed joint approach with a more straightforward separate source and channel coding scheme is then established . We then formulate constrained power minimization problems and transform them to relaxed convex geometric programming problems , whose numerical results exhibit that either separate or uncoded scheme becomes dominant over a linear topology network . In addition , we prove that the optimal decoding order to minimize the total transmission powers for both source and channel coding parts is solely subject to the ranking of MAC channel qualities , and has nothing to do with the ranking of measurement qualities . Finally , asymptotic results for homogeneous networks are obtained which not only confirm the existing optimality of the uncoded approach , but also show that the asymptotic SNR exponents of these three approaches are all the same . Moreover , the proposed joint approach share the same asymptotic ratio with respect to high SNR and high SMNR as the uncoded scheme .
0709.4048	cs.DC cs.NI	A Symphony Conducted by Brunet	We introduce BruNet , a general P2P software framework which we use to produce the first implementation of Symphony , a 1-D Kleinberg small-world architecture . Our framework is designed to easily implement and measure different P2P protocols over different transport layers such as TCP or UDP . This paper discusses our implementation of the Symphony network , which allows each node to keep $ k \le \log N $ shortcut connections and to route to any other node with a short average delay of $ O ( \frac { 1 } { k } \log^2 N ) $ . % This provides a continuous trade-off between node degree and routing latency . We present experimental results taken from several PlanetLab deployments of size up to 1060 nodes . These succes sful deployments represent some of the largest PlanetLab deployments of P2P overlays found in the literature , and show our implementation 's robustness to massive node dynamics in a WAN environment .
0709.4063	cs.CY	The Importance and Criticality of Spreadsheets in the City of London	Spreadsheets have been with us in their present form for over a quarter of a century . We have become so used to them that we forget that we are using them at all . It may serve us well to stand back for a moment to review where , when and how we use spreadsheets in the financial markets and elsewhere in order to inform research that may guide their future development . In this article I bring together the experiences of a number of senior practitioners who have spent much of their careers working with large spreadsheets that have been and continue to be used to support major financial transactions and manage large institutions in the City of London . The author suggests that the City of London is presently exposed to significant reputational risk through the continued uncontrolled use of critical spreadsheets in the financial markets and elsewhere .
