0704.2201	cs.CL cs.AI	Arabic Speech Recognition System using CMU-Sphinx4	In this paper we present the creation of an Arabic version of Automated Speech Recognition System ( ASR ) . This system is based on the open source Sphinx-4 , from the Carnegie Mellon University . Which is a speech recognition system based on discrete hidden Markov models ( HMMs ) . We investigate the changes that must be made to the model to adapt Arabic voice recognition . Keywords : Speech recognition , Acoustic model , Arabic language , HMMs , CMUSphinx-4 , Artificial intelligence .
0704.2258	cs.IT math.IT	On the Hardness of Approximating Stopping and Trapping Sets in LDPC Codes	We prove that approximating the size of stopping and trapping sets in Tanner graphs of linear block codes , and more restrictively , the class of low-density parity-check ( LDPC ) codes , is NP-hard . The ramifications of our findings are that methods used for estimating the height of the error-floor of moderate- and long-length LDPC codes based on stopping and trapping set enumeration can not provide accurate worst-case performance predictions .
0704.2259	cs.IT cs.CR math.IT	The Wiretap Channel with Feedback : Encryption over the Channel	In this work , the critical role of noisy feedback in enhancing the secrecy capacity of the wiretap channel is established . Unlike previous works , where a noiseless public discussion channel is used for feedback , the feed-forward and feedback signals share the same noisy channel in the present model . Quite interestingly , this noisy feedback model is shown to be more advantageous in the current setting . More specifically , the discrete memoryless modulo-additive channel with a full-duplex destination node is considered first , and it is shown that the judicious use of feedback increases the perfect secrecy capacity to the capacity of the source-destination channel in the absence of the wiretapper . In the achievability scheme , the feedback signal corresponds to a private key , known only to the destination . In the half-duplex scheme , a novel feedback technique that always achieves a positive perfect secrecy rate ( even when the source-wiretapper channel is less noisy than the source-destination channel ) is proposed . These results hinge on the modulo-additive property of the channel , which is exploited by the destination to perform encryption over the channel without revealing its key to the source . Finally , this scheme is extended to the continuous real valued modulo- $ \Lambda $ channel where it is shown that the perfect secrecy capacity with feedback is also equal to the capacity in the absence of the wiretapper .
