0709.3590	cs.DM	An extension of a result concerning convex geometric graphs	We show a general result known as the Erdos_Sos Conjecture : if $ E ( G ) > { 1/2 } ( k-1 ) n $ where $ G $ has order $ n $ then $ G $ contains every tree of order $ k+1 $ as a subgraph .
0709.3600	cs.IT math.IT	Cooperative Multiplexing in a Half Duplex Relay Network : Performance and Constraints	Previous work on relay networks has concentrated primarily on the diversity benefits of such techniques . This paper explores the possibility of also obtaining multiplexing gain in a relay network , while retaining diversity gain . Specifically , consider a network in which a single source node is equipped with one antenna and a destination is equipped with two antennas . It is shown that , in certain scenarios , by adding a relay with two antennas and using a successive relaying protocol , the diversity multiplexing tradeoff performance of the network can be lower bounded by that of a 2 by 2 MIMO channel , when the decode-and-forward protocol is applied at the relay . A distributed D-BLAST architecture is developed , in which parallel channel coding is applied to achieve this tradeoff . A space-time coding strategy , which can bring a maximal multiplexing gain of more than one , is also derived for this scenario . As will be shown , while this space-time coding strategy exploits maximal diversity for a small multiplexing gain , the proposed successive relaying scheme offers a significant performance advantage for higher data rate transmission . In addition to the specific results shown here , these ideas open a new direction for exploiting the benefits of wireless relay networks .
0709.3689	cs.DC	Static Deadlock Detection in MPI Synchronization Communication	It is very common to use dynamic methods to detect deadlocks in MPI programs for the reason that static methods have some restrictions . To guarantee high reliability of some important MPI-based application software , a model of MPI synchronization communication is abstracted and a type of static method is devised to examine deadlocks in such modes . The model has three forms with different complexity : sequential model , single-loop model and nested-loop model . Sequential model is a base for all models . Single-loop model must be treated with a special type of equation group and nested-loop model extends the methods for the other two models . A standard Java-based software framework originated from these methods is constructed for determining whether MPI programs are free from synchronization communication deadlocks . Our practice shows the software framework is better than those tools using dynamic methods because it can dig out all synchronization communication deadlocks before an MPI-based program goes into running .
0709.3692	cs.DC	Deadlock Detection in Basic Models of MPI Synchronization Communication Programs	A model of MPI synchronization communication programs is presented and its three basic simplified models are also defined . A series of theorems and methods for deciding whether deadlocks will occur among the three models are given and proved strictly . These theories and methods for simple models' deadlock detection are the necessary base for real MPI program deadlock detection . The methods are based on a static analysis through programs and with runtime detection in necessary cases and they are able to determine before compiling whether it will be deadlocked for two of the three basic models . For another model , some deadlock cases can be found before compiling and others at runtime . Our theorems can be used to prove the correctness of currently popular MPI program deadlock detection algorithms . Our methods may decrease codes that those algorithms need to change to MPI source or profiling interface and may detects deadlocks ahead of program execution , thus the overheads can be reduced greatly .
0709.3693	cs.DC	Algorithm of Static Deadlock Detection in MPI Synchronization Communication Sequential Model	Detecting deadlocks in MPI synchronization communication programs is very difficult and need building program models . All complex models are based on sequential models . The sequential model is mapped into a set of character strings and its deadlock detection problem is translated into an equivalent multi-queue string matching problem . An algorithm is devised and implemented to statically detect deadlocks in sequential models of MPI synchronization communication programs . The time and space complexity of the algorithm is O ( n ) where n is the amount of message in model . The algorithm is better than usual circle-detection methods and can adapt well to dynamic message stream .
0709.3826	cs.DC	Research Paper on Transaction-Oriented Simulation In Ad Hoc Grids	This paper analyses the requirements of performing parallel transaction-oriented simulations with a special focus on the space-parallel approach and discrete event simulation synchronisation algorithms that are suitable for transaction-oriented simulation and the target environment of Ad Hoc Grids . To demonstrate the findings a Java-based parallel transaction-oriented simulator for the simulation language GPSS/H is implemented on the basis of the most promising Shock Resistant Time Warp synchronisation algorithm and using the Grid framework ProActive . The validation of this parallel simulator shows that the Shock Resistant Time Warp algorithm can successfully reduce the number of rolled back Transaction moves but it also reveals circumstances in which the Shock Resistant Time Warp algorithm can be outperformed by the normal Time Warp algorithm . The conclusion of this paper suggests possible improvements to the Shock Resistant Time Warp algorithm to avoid such problems .
0709.3827	cs.IT math.IT	On Successive Refinement of Diversity for Fading ISI Channels	Rate and diversity impose a fundamental tradeoff in communications . This tradeoff was investigated for Intersymbol Interference ( ISI ) channels in [ 4 ] . A different point of view was explored in [ 1 ] where high-rate codes were designed so that they have a high-diversity code embedded within them . Such diversity embedded codes were investigated for flat fading channels and in this paper we explore its application to ISI channels . In particular , we investigate the rate tuples achievable for diversity embedded codes for scalar ISI channels through particular coding strategies . The main result of this paper is that the diversity multiplexing tradeoff for fading ISI channels is indeed successively refinable . This implies that for fading single input single output ( SISO ) ISI channels one can embed a high diversity code within a high rate code without any performance loss ( asymptotically ) . This is related to a deterministic structural observation about the asymptotic behavior of frequency response of channel with respect to fading strength of time domain taps .
