0707.1925	cs.DM	A note on minimal matching covered graphs	A graph is called matching covered if for its every edge there is a maximum matching containing it . It is shown that minimal matching covered graphs contain a perfect matching .
0707.1926	cs.DM	On trees with a maximum proper partial 0-1 coloring containing a maximum matching	I prove that in a tree in which the distance between any two endpoints is even , there is a maximum proper partial 0-1 coloring such that the edges colored by 0 form a maximum matching .
0707.1954	cs.OH	Bandlimited Field Reconstruction for Wireless Sensor Networks	Wireless sensor networks are often used for environmental monitoring applications . In this context sampling and reconstruction of a physical field is one of the most important problems to solve . We focus on a bandlimited field and find under which conditions on the network topology the reconstruction of the field is successful , with a given probability . We review irregular sampling theory , and analyze the problem using random matrix theory . We show that even a very irregular spatial distribution of sensors may lead to a successful signal reconstruction , provided that the number of collected samples is large enough with respect to the field bandwidth . Furthermore , we give the basis to analytically determine the probability of successful field reconstruction .
0707.1957	cs.RO	Moveability and Collision Analysis for Fully-Parallel Manipulators	The aim of this paper is to characterize the moveability of fully-parallel manipulators in the presence of obstacles . Fully parallel manipulators are used in applications where accuracy , stiffness or high speeds and accelerations are required \cite { Merlet:97 } . However , one of its main drawbacks is a relatively small workspace compared to the one of serial manipulators . This is due mainly to the existence of potential internal collisions , and the existence of singularities . In this paper , the notion of free aspect is defined which permits to exhibit domains of the workspace and the joint space free of singularity and collision . The main application of this study is the moveability analysis in the workspace of the manipulator as well as path-planning , control and design .
0707.1981	cs.LO	A Normalizing Intuitionistic Set Theory with Inaccessible Sets	We propose a set theory strong enough to interpret powerful type theories underlying proof assistants such as LEGO and also possibly Coq , which at the same time enables program extraction from its constructive proofs . For this purpose , we axiomatize an impredicative constructive version of Zermelo-Fraenkel set theory IZF with Replacement and $ \omega $ -many inaccessibles , which we call \izfio . Our axiomatization utilizes set terms , an inductive definition of inaccessible sets and the mutually recursive nature of equality and membership relations . It allows us to define a weakly-normalizing typed lambda calculus corresponding to proofs in \izfio according to the Curry-Howard isomorphism principle . We use realizability to prove the normalization theorem , which provides a basis for program extraction capability .
0707.2006	cs.RO	Working Modes and Aspects in Fully-Parallel Manipulator	The aim of this paper is to characterize the notion of aspect in the workspace and in the joint space for parallel manipulators . In opposite to the serial manipulators , the parallel manipulators can admit not only multiple inverse kinematic solutions , but also multiple direct kinematic solutions . The notion of aspect introduced for serial manipulators in [ Borrel 86 ] , and redefined for parallel manipulators with only one inverse kinematic solution in [ Wenger 1997 ] , is redefined for general fully parallel manipulators . Two Jacobian matrices appear in the kinematic relations between the joint-rate and the Cartesian-velocity vectors , which are called the `` inverse kinematics '' and the `` direct kinematics '' matrices . The study of these matrices allow to respectively define the parallel and the serial singularities . The notion of working modes is introduced to separate inverse kinematic solutions . Thus , we can find out domains of the workspace and the joint space exempt of singularity . Application of this study is the moveability analysis in the workspace of the manipulator as well as path-planing and control . This study is illustrated in this paper with a RR-RRR planar parallel manipulator .
0707.2014	cs.IT math.IT	On the error exponent of variable-length block-coding schemes over finite-state Markov channels with feedback	The error exponent of Markov channels with feedback is studied in the variable-length block-coding setting . Burnashev 's classic result is extended and a single letter characterization for the reliability function of finite-state Markov channels is presented , under the assumption that the channel state is causally observed both at the transmitter and at the receiver side . Tools from stochastic control theory are used in order to treat channels with intersymbol interference . In particular the convex analytical approach to Markov decision processes is adopted to handle problems with stopping time horizons arising from variable-length coding schemes .
0707.2017	cs.RO	The Isoconditioning Loci of A Class of Closed-Chain Manipulators	The subject of this paper is a special class of closed-chain manipulators . First , we analyze a family of two-degree-of-freedom ( dof ) five-bar planar linkages . Two Jacobian matrices appear in the kinematic relations between the joint-rate and the Cartesian-velocity vectors , which are called the `` inverse kinematics '' and the `` direct kinematics '' matrices . It is shown that the loci of points of the workspace where the condition number of the direct-kinematics matrix remains constant , i.e. , the isoconditioning loci , are the coupler points of the four-bar linkage obtained upon locking the middle joint of the linkage . Furthermore , if the line of centers of the two actuated revolutes is used as the axis of a third actuated revolute , then a three-dof hybrid manipulator is obtained . The isoconditioning loci of this manipulator are surfaces of revolution generated by the isoconditioning curves of the two-dof manipulator , whose axis of symmetry is that of the third actuated revolute .
0707.2027	cs.RO	Workspace and Assembly modes in Fully-Parallel Manipulators : A Descriptive Study	The goal of this paper is to explain , using a typical example , the distribution of the different assembly modes in the workspace and their effective role in the execution of trajectories . The singular and non-singular changes of assembly mode are described and compared to each other . The non-singular change of assembly mode is more deeply analysed and discussed in the context of trajectory planning . In particular , it is shown that , according to the location of the initial and final configurations with respect to the uniqueness domains in the workspace , there are three different cases to consider before planning a linking trajectory .
0707.2034	cs.RO	Conception Isotropique D'Une Morphologie Parall\`Ele : Application \`a L'Usinage	The aim of this paper is the isotropic design of a hybrid morphology dedicated to 3-axis machining applications . It is necessary to ensure the feasibility of continuous , singularity-free trajectories , as well as a good manipulability in position and velocity . We want to propose an alternative design to conventional serial machine-tools . We compare a serial PPP machine-tool ( three prismatic orthogonal axes ) with a hybrid architecture which we optimize only the first two axes . The critrerion used for the optimization is the conditioning of the Jacobian matrices . The optimum , namely isotropy , can be obtained which provides our architecture with excellent manipulability properties .
0707.2042	cs.RO	A distributed Approach for Access and Visibility Task under Ergonomic Constraints with a Manikin in a Virtual Reality Environment	This paper presents a new method , based on a multi-agent system and on digital mock-up technology , to assess an efficient path planner for a manikin for access and visibility task under ergonomic constraints . In order to solve this problem , the human operator is integrated in the process optimization to contribute to a global perception of the environment . This operator cooperates , in real-time , with several automatic local elementary agents . The result of this work validates solutions brought by digital mock-up and that can be applied to simulate maintenance task .
0707.2090	cs.IT math.IT	A Training based Distributed Non-Coherent Space-Time Coding Strategy	Unitary space-time modulation is known to be an efficient means to communicate over non-coherent Multiple Input Multiple Output ( MIMO ) channels . In this letter , differential unitary space-time coding and non-coherent space-time coding for the training based approach of Kim and Tarokh are addressed . For this approach , necessary and sufficient conditions for multi-group decodability are derived in a simple way assuming a Generalized Likelihood Ratio Test receiver and a unitary codebook . Extending Kim and Tarokh 's approach for colocated MIMO systems , a novel training based approach to distributed non-coherent space-time coding for wireless relay networks is proposed . An explicit construction of two-group decodable distributed non-coherent space-time codes achieving full cooperative diversity for all even number of relays is provided .
