0707.0546	cs.DS	Weighted Popular Matchings	We study the problem of assigning jobs to applicants . Each applicant has a weight and provides a preference list ranking a subset of the jobs . A matching M is popular if there is no other matching M ' such that the weight of the applicants who prefer M ' over M exceeds the weight of those who prefer M over M ' . This paper gives efficient algorithms to find a popular matching if one exists .
0707.0548	cs.NE	From Royal Road to Epistatic Road for Variable Length Evolution Algorithm	Although there are some real world applications where the use of variable length representation ( VLR ) in Evolutionary Algorithm is natural and suitable , an academic framework is lacking for such representations . In this work we propose a family of tunable fitness landscapes based on VLR of genotypes . The fitness landscapes we propose possess a tunable degree of both neutrality and epistasis ; they are inspired , on the one hand by the Royal Road fitness landscapes , and the other hand by the NK fitness landscapes . So these landscapes offer a scale of continuity from Royal Road functions , with neutrality and no epistasis , to landscapes with a large amount of epistasis and no redundancy . To gain insight into these fitness landscapes , we first use standard tools such as adaptive walks and correlation length . Second , we evaluate the performances of evolutionary algorithms on these landscapes for various values of the neutral and the epistatic parameters ; the results allow us to correlate the performances with the expected degrees of neutrality and epistasis .
0707.0556	cs.LO	Determinacy in a synchronous pi-calculus	The S-pi-calculus is a synchronous pi-calculus which is based on the SL model . The latter is a relaxation of the Esterel model where the reaction to the absence of a signal within an instant can only happen at the next instant . In the present work , we present and characterise a compositional semantics of the S-pi-calculus based on suitable notions of labelled transition system and bisimulation . Based on this semantic framework , we explore the notion of determinacy and the related one of ( local ) confluence .
0707.0562	cs.LO	On a Non-Context-Free Extension of PDL	Over the last 25 years , a lot of work has been done on seeking for decidable non-regular extensions of Propositional Dynamic Logic ( PDL ) . Only recently , an expressive extension of PDL , allowing visibly pushdown automata ( VPAs ) as a formalism to describe programs , was introduced and proven to have a satisfiability problem complete for deterministic double exponential time . Lately , the VPA formalism was extended to so called k-phase multi-stack visibly pushdown automata ( k-MVPAs ) . Similarly to VPAs , it has been shown that the language of k-MVPAs have desirable effective closure properties and that the emptiness problem is decidable . On the occasion of introducing k-MVPAs , it has been asked whether the extension of PDL with k-MVPAs still leads to a decidable logic . This question is answered negatively here . We prove that already for the extension of PDL with 2-phase MVPAs with two stacks satisfiability becomes \Sigma_1^1-complete .
0707.0568	cs.IT cs.GT math.IT	Optimal Linear Precoding Strategies for Wideband Non-Cooperative Systems based on Game Theory-Part I : Nash Equilibria	In this two-parts paper we propose a decentralized strategy , based on a game-theoretic formulation , to find out the optimal precoding/multiplexing matrices for a multipoint-to-multipoint communication system composed of a set of wideband links sharing the same physical resources , i.e. , time and bandwidth . We assume , as optimality criterion , the achievement of a Nash equilibrium and consider two alternative optimization problems : 1 ) the competitive maximization of mutual information on each link , given constraints on the transmit power and on the spectral mask imposed by the radio spectrum regulatory bodies ; and 2 ) the competitive maximization of the transmission rate , using finite order constellations , under the same constraints as above , plus a constraint on the average error probability . In Part I of the paper , we start by showing that the solution set of both noncooperative games is always nonempty and contains only pure strategies . Then , we prove that the optimal precoding/multiplexing scheme for both games leads to a channel diagonalizing structure , so that both matrix-valued problems can be recast in a simpler unified vector power control game , with no performance penalty . Thus , we study this simpler game and derive sufficient conditions ensuring the uniqueness of the Nash equilibrium . Interestingly , although derived under stronger constraints , incorporating for example spectral mask constraints , our uniqueness conditions have broader validity than previously known conditions . Finally , we assess the goodness of the proposed decentralized strategy by comparing its performance with the performance of a Pareto-optimal centralized scheme . To reach the Nash equilibria of the game , in Part II , we propose alternative distributed algorithms , along with their convergence conditions .
0707.0610	cs.CG	Unfolding Orthogonal Terrains	It is shown that every orthogonal terrain , i.e. , an orthogonal ( right-angled ) polyhedron based on a rectangle that meets every vertical line in a segment , has a grid unfolding : its surface may be unfolded to a single non-overlapping piece by cutting along grid edges defined by coordinate planes through every vertex .
0707.0641	cs.NE	Where are Bottlenecks in NK Fitness Landscapes ?	Usually the offspring-parent fitness correlation is used to visualize and analyze some caracteristics of fitness landscapes such as evolvability . In this paper , we introduce a more general representation of this correlation , the Fitness Cloud ( FC ) . We use the bottleneck metaphor to emphasise fitness levels in landscape that cause local search process to slow down . For a local search heuristic such as hill-climbing or simulated annealing , FC allows to visualize bottleneck and neutrality of landscapes . To confirm the relevance of the FC representation we show where the bottlenecks are in the well-know NK fitness landscape and also how to use neutrality information from the FC to combine some neutral operator with local search heuristic .
0707.0643	cs.NE	Scuba Search : when selection meets innovation	We proposed a new search heuristic using the scuba diving metaphor . This approach is based on the concept of evolvability and tends to exploit neutrality in fitness landscape . Despite the fact that natural evolution does not directly select for evolvability , the basic idea behind the scuba search heuristic is to explicitly push the evolvability to increase . The search process switches between two phases : Conquest-of-the-Waters and Invasion-of-the-Land . A comparative study of the new algorithm and standard local search heuristics on the NKq-landscapes has shown advantage and limit of the scuba search . To enlighten qualitative differences between neutral search processes , the space is changed into a connected graph to visualize the pathways that the search is likely to follow .
0707.0644	cs.DS cs.DM	Another view of the Gaussian algorithm	We introduce here a rewrite system in the group of unimodular matrices , \emph { i.e . } , matrices with integer entries and with determinant equal to $ \pm 1 $ . We use this rewrite system to precisely characterize the mechanism of the Gaussian algorithm , that finds shortest vectors in a two -- dimensional lattice given by any basis . Putting together the algorithmic of lattice reduction and the rewrite system theory , we propose a new worst -- case analysis of the Gaussian algorithm . There is already an optimal worst -- case bound for some variant of the Gaussian algorithm due to Vall\'ee \cite { ValGaussRevisit } . She used essentially geometric considerations . Our analysis generalizes her result to the case of the usual Gaussian algorithm . An interesting point in our work is its possible ( but not easy ) generalization to the same problem in higher dimensions , in order to exhibit a tight upper-bound for the number of iterations of LLL -- like reduction algorithms in the worst case . Moreover , our method seems to work for analyzing other families of algorithms . As an illustration , the analysis of sorting algorithms are briefly developed in the last section of the paper .
0707.0648	cs.DS	Dial a Ride from k-forest	The k-forest problem is a common generalization of both the k-MST and the dense- $ k $ -subgraph problems . Formally , given a metric space on $ n $ vertices $ V $ , with $ m $ demand pairs $ \subseteq V \times V $ and a `` target '' $ k\le m $ , the goal is to find a minimum cost subgraph that connects at least $ k $ demand pairs . In this paper , we give an $ O ( \min\ { \sqrt { n } , \sqrt { k } \ } ) $ -approximation algorithm for $ k $ -forest , improving on the previous best ratio of $ O ( n^ { 2/3 } \log n ) $ by Segev & Segev . We then apply our algorithm for k-forest to obtain approximation algorithms for several Dial-a-Ride problems . The basic Dial-a-Ride problem is the following : given an $ n $ point metric space with $ m $ objects each with its own source and destination , and a vehicle capable of carrying at most $ k $ objects at any time , find the minimum length tour that uses this vehicle to move each object from its source to destination . We prove that an $ \alpha $ -approximation algorithm for the $ k $ -forest problem implies an $ O ( \alpha\cdot\log^2n ) $ -approximation algorithm for Dial-a-Ride . Using our results for $ k $ -forest , we get an $ O ( \min\ { \sqrt { n } , \sqrt { k } \ } \cdot\log^2 n ) $ - approximation algorithm for Dial-a-Ride . The only previous result known for Dial-a-Ride was an $ O ( \sqrt { k } \log n ) $ -approximation by Charikar & Raghavachari ; our results give a different proof of a similar approximation guarantee -- in fact , when the vehicle capacity $ k $ is large , we give a slight improvement on their results .
0707.0649	cs.IT math.IT	Sphere Lower Bound for Rotated Lattice Constellations in Fading Channels	We study the error probability performance of rotated lattice constellations in frequency-flat Nakagami- $ m $ block-fading channels . In particular , we use the sphere lower bound on the underlying infinite lattice as a performance benchmark . We show that the sphere lower bound has full diversity . We observe that optimally rotated lattices with largest known minimum product distance perform very close to the lower bound , while the ensemble of random rotations is shown to lack diversity and perform far from it .
0707.0652	cs.NE	How to use the Scuba Diving metaphor to solve problem with neutrality ?	We proposed a new search heuristic using the scuba diving metaphor . This approach is based on the concept of evolvability and tends to exploit neutrality which exists in many real-world problems . Despite the fact that natural evolution does not directly select for evolvability , the basic idea behind the scuba search heuristic is to explicitly push evolvability to increase . A comparative study of the scuba algorithm and standard local search heuristics has shown the advantage and the limitation of the scuba search . In order to tune neutrality , we use the NKq fitness landscapes and a family of travelling salesman problems ( TSP ) where cities are randomly placed on a lattice and where travel distance between cities is computed with the Manhattan metric . In this last problem the amount of neutrality varies with the city concentration on the grid ; assuming the concentration below one , this TSP reasonably remains a NP-hard problem .
0707.0701	cs.AI cs.LG cs.MS	Clustering and Feature Selection using Sparse Principal Component Analysis	In this paper , we study the application of sparse principal component analysis ( PCA ) to clustering and feature selection problems . Sparse PCA seeks sparse factors , or linear combinations of the data variables , explaining a maximum amount of variance in the data while having only a limited number of nonzero coefficients . PCA is often used as a simple clustering technique and sparse factors allow us here to interpret the clusters in terms of a reduced set of variables . We begin with a brief introduction and motivation on sparse PCA and detail our implementation of the algorithm in d'Aspremont et al . ( 2005 ) . We then apply these results to some classic clustering and feature selection problems arising in biology .
0707.0704	cs.AI cs.LG	Model Selection Through Sparse Maximum Likelihood Estimation	We consider the problem of estimating the parameters of a Gaussian or binary distribution in such a way that the resulting undirected graphical model is sparse . Our approach is to solve a maximum likelihood problem with an added l_1-norm penalty term . The problem as formulated is convex but the memory requirements and complexity of existing interior point methods are prohibitive for problems with more than tens of nodes . We present two new algorithms for solving problems with at least a thousand nodes in the Gaussian case . Our first algorithm uses block coordinate descent , and can be interpreted as recursive l_1-norm penalized regression . Our second algorithm , based on Nesterov 's first order method , yields a complexity estimate with a better dependence on problem size than existing interior point methods . Using a log determinant relaxation of the log partition function ( Wainwright & Jordan ( 2006 ) ) , we show that these same algorithms can be used to solve an approximate sparse maximum likelihood problem for the binary case . We test our algorithms on synthetic data , as well as on gene expression and senate voting records data .
0707.0705	cs.AI cs.LG	Optimal Solutions for Sparse Principal Component Analysis	Given a sample covariance matrix , we examine the problem of maximizing the variance explained by a linear combination of the input variables while constraining the number of nonzero coefficients in this combination . This is known as sparse principal component analysis and has a wide array of applications in machine learning and engineering . We formulate a new semidefinite relaxation to this problem and derive a greedy algorithm that computes a full set of good solutions for all target numbers of non zero coefficients , with total complexity O ( n^3 ) , where n is the number of variables . We then use the same relaxation to derive sufficient conditions for global optimality of a solution , which can be tested in O ( n^3 ) per pattern . We discuss applications in subset selection and sparse recovery and show on artificial examples and biological data that our algorithm does provide globally optimal solutions in many cases .
