0711.3941	cs.CR math.GR	Braid Group Cryptography	In the last decade , a number of public key cryptosystems based on com- binatorial group theoretic problems in braid groups have been proposed . We survey these cryptosystems and some known attacks on them . This survey includes : Basic facts on braid groups and on the Garside normal form of its elements , some known algorithms for solving the word problem in the braid group , the major public-key cryptosystems based on the braid group , and some of the known attacks on these cryptosystems . We conclude with a discussion of future directions ( which includes also a description of cryptosystems which are based on other non-commutative groups ) .
0711.3949	cs.DC	An Adaptive Checkpointing Scheme for Peer-to-Peer Based Volunteer Computing Work Flows	Volunteer Computing , sometimes called Public Resource Computing , is an emerging computational model that is very suitable for work-pooled parallel processing . As more complex grid applications make use of work flows in their design and deployment it is reasonable to consider the impact of work flow deployment over a Volunteer Computing infrastructure . In this case , the inter work flow I/O can lead to a significant increase in I/O demands at the work pool server . A possible solution is the use of a Peer-to- Peer based parallel computing architecture to off-load this I/O demand to the workers ; where the workers can fulfill some aspects of work flow coordination and I/O checking , etc . However , achieving robustness in such a large scale system is a challenging hurdle towards the decentralized execution of work flows and general parallel processes . To increase robustness , we propose and show the merits of using an adaptive checkpoint scheme that efficiently checkpoints the status of the parallel processes according to the estimation of relevant network and peer parameters . Our scheme uses statistical data observed during runtime to dynamically make checkpoint decisions in a completely de- centralized manner . The results of simulation show support for our proposed approach in terms of reduced required runtime .
0711.3958	cs.DM	Maximum directed cuts in digraphs with degree restriction	For integers m , k > = 1 , we investigate the maximum size of a directed cut in directed graphs in which there are m edges and each vertex has either indegree at most k or outdegree at most k .
0711.3959	cs.DM	On b-perfect chordal graphs	The b-chromatic number of a graph G is the largest integer k such that G has a coloring of the vertices in k color classes such that every color class contains a vertex that has a neighbour in all other color classes . We characterize the class of chordal graphs for which the b-chromatic number is equal to the chromatic number for every induced subgraph .
0711.3964	cs.IR	Iterative Filtering for a Dynamical Reputation System	The paper introduces a novel iterative method that assigns a reputation to n + m items : n raters and m objects . Each rater evaluates a subset of objects leading to a n x m rating matrix with a certain sparsity pattern . From this rating matrix we give a nonlinear formula to define the reputation of raters and objects . We also provide an iterative algorithm that superlinearly converges to the unique vector of reputations and this for any rating matrix . In contrast to classical outliers detection , no evaluation is discarded in this method but each one is taken into account with different weights for the reputation of the objects . The complexity of one iteration step is linear in the number of evaluations , making our algorithm efficient for large data set . Experiments show good robustness of the reputation of the objects against cheaters and spammers and good detection properties of cheaters and spammers .
0711.3983	cs.IT math.IT math.RA	Self-dual , dual-containing and related quantum codes from group rings	Classes of self-dual codes and dual-containing codes are constructed . The codes are obtained within group rings and , using an isomorphism between group rings and matrices , equivalent codes are obtained in matrix form . Distances and other properties are derived by working within the group ring . Quantum codes are constructed from the dual-containing codes .
0711.4052	cs.DS cs.DM	An FPT Algorithm for Directed Spanning k-Leaf	An out-branching of a directed graph is a rooted spanning tree with all arcs directed outwards from the root . We consider the problem of deciding whether a given directed graph D has an out-branching with at least k leaves ( Directed Spanning k-Leaf ) . We prove that this problem is fixed parameter tractable , when k is chosen as the parameter . Previously this was only known for restricted classes of directed graphs . The main new ingredient in our approach is a lemma that shows that given a locally optimal out-branching of a directed graph in which every arc is part of at least one out-branching , either an out-branching with at least k leaves exists , or a path decomposition with width O ( k^3 ) can be found . This enables a dynamic programming based algorithm of running time 2^ { O ( k^3 \log k ) } n^ { O ( 1 ) } , where n=|V ( D ) | .
0711.4071	cs.PL	Observational semantics of the Prolog Resolution Box Model	This paper specifies an observational semantics and gives an original presentation of the Byrd box model . The approach accounts for the semantics of Prolog tracers independently of a particular Prolog implementation . Prolog traces are , in general , considered as rather obscure and difficult to use . The proposed formal presentation of its trace constitutes a simple and pedagogical approach for teaching Prolog or for implementing Prolog tracers . It is a form of declarative specification for the tracers . The trace model introduced here is only one example to illustrate general problems relating to tracers and observing processes . Observing processes know , from observed processes , only their traces . The issue is then to be able to reconstitute , by the sole analysis of the trace , part of the behaviour of the observed process , and if possible , without any loss of information . As a matter of fact , our approach highlights qualities of the Prolog resolution box model which made its success , but also its insufficiencies .
0711.4075	cs.IT math.IT	Evaluating the Impact of Information Distortion on Normalized Compression Distance	In this paper we apply different techniques of information distortion on a set of classical books written in English . We study the impact that these distortions have upon the Kolmogorov complexity and the clustering by compression technique ( the latter based on Normalized Compression Distance , NCD ) . We show how to decrease the complexity of the considered books introducing several modifications in them . We measure how the information contained in each book is maintained using a clustering error measure . We find experimentally that the best way to keep the clustering error is by means of modifications in the most frequent words . We explain the details of these information distortions and we compare with other kinds of modifications like random word distortions and unfrequent word distortions . Finally , some phenomenological explanations from the different empirical results that have been carried out are presented .
0711.4142	cs.DL cs.IR	Content Reuse and Interest Sharing in Tagging Communities	Tagging communities represent a subclass of a broader class of user-generated content-sharing online communities . In such communities users introduce and tag content for later use . Although recent studies advocate and attempt to harness social knowledge in this context by exploiting collaboration among users , little research has been done to quantify the current level of user collaboration in these communities . This paper introduces two metrics to quantify the level of collaboration : content reuse and shared interest . Using these two metrics , this paper shows that the current level of collaboration in CiteULike and Connotea is consistently low , which significantly limits the potential of harnessing the social knowledge in communities . This study also discusses implications of these findings in the context of recommendation and reputation systems .
