0709.2961	cs.DS cs.CG cs.LO	Incremental Satisfiability and Implication for UTVPI Constraints	Unit two-variable-per-inequality ( UTVPI ) constraints form one of the largest class of integer constraints which are polynomial time solvable ( unless P=NP ) . There is considerable interest in their use for constraint solving , abstract interpretation , spatial databases , and theorem proving . In this paper we develop a new incremental algorithm for UTVPI constraint satisfaction and implication checking that requires O ( m + n log n + p ) time and O ( n+m+p ) space to incrementally check satisfiability of m UTVPI constraints on n variables and check implication of p UTVPI constraints .
0709.2962	cs.LO math.LO	Algebraic characterization of logically defined tree languages	We give an algebraic characterization of the tree languages that are defined by logical formulas using certain Lindstr\ '' om quantifiers . An important instance of our result concerns first-order definable tree languages . Our characterization relies on the usage of preclones , an algebraic structure introduced by the authors in a previous paper , and of the block product operation on preclones . Our results generalize analogous results on finite word languages , but it must be noted that , as they stand , they do not yield an algorithm to decide whether a given regular tree language is first-order definable .
0709.3013	cs.CV	Supervised learning on graphs of spatio-temporal similarity in satellite image sequences	High resolution satellite image sequences are multidimensional signals composed of spatio-temporal patterns associated to numerous and various phenomena . Bayesian methods have been previously proposed in ( Heas and Datcu , 2005 ) to code the information contained in satellite image sequences in a graph representation using Bayesian methods . Based on such a representation , this paper further presents a supervised learning methodology of semantics associated to spatio-temporal patterns occurring in satellite image sequences . It enables the recognition and the probabilistic retrieval of similar events . Indeed , graphs are attached to statistical models for spatio-temporal processes , which at their turn describe physical changes in the observed scene . Therefore , we adjust a parametric model evaluating similarity types between graph patterns in order to represent user-specific semantics attached to spatio-temporal phenomena . The learning step is performed by the incremental definition of similarity types via user-provided spatio-temporal pattern examples attached to positive or/and negative semantics . From these examples , probabilities are inferred using a Bayesian network and a Dirichlet model . This enables to links user interest to a specific similarity model between graph patterns . According to the current state of learning , semantic posterior probabilities are updated for all possible graph patterns so that similar spatio-temporal phenomena can be recognized and retrieved from the image sequence . Few experiments performed on a multi-spectral SPOT image sequence illustrate the proposed spatio-temporal recognition method .
0709.3034	cs.DB cs.DC cs.DS cs.LO	Query Evaluation in P2P Systems of Taxonomy-based Sources : Algorithms , Complexity , and Optimizations	In this study , we address the problem of answering queries over a peer-to-peer system of taxonomy-based sources . A taxonomy states subsumption relationships between negation-free DNF formulas on terms and negation-free conjunctions of terms . To the end of laying the foundations of our study , we first consider the centralized case , deriving the complexity of the decision problem and of query evaluation . We conclude by presenting an algorithm that is efficient in data complexity and is based on hypergraphs . More expressive forms of taxonomies are also investigated , which however lead to intractability . We then move to the distributed case , and introduce a logical model of a network of taxonomy-based sources . On such network , a distributed version of the centralized algorithm is then presented , based on a message passing paradigm , and its correctness is proved . We finally discuss optimization issues , and relate our work to the literature .
