0705.3316	cs.DM cs.GT cs.LO	Acyclicity of Preferences , Nash Equilibria , and Subgame Perfect Equilibria : a Formal and Constructive Equivalence	In 1953 , Kuhn showed that every sequential game has a Nash equilibrium by showing that a procedure , named `` backward induction '' in game theory , yields a Nash equilibrium . It actually yields Nash equilibria that define a proper subclass of Nash equilibria . In 1965 , Selten named this proper subclass subgame perfect equilibria . In game theory , payoffs are rewards usually granted at the end of a game . Although traditional game theory mainly focuses on real-valued payoffs that are implicitly ordered by the usual total order over the reals , works of Simon or Blackwell already involved partially ordered payoffs . This paper generalises the notion of sequential game by replacing real-valued payoff functions with abstract atomic objects , called outcomes , and by replacing the usual total order over the reals with arbitrary binary relations over outcomes , called preferences . This introduces a general abstract formalism where Nash equilibrium , subgame perfect equilibrium , and `` backward induction '' can still be defined . This paper proves that the following three propositions are equivalent : 1 ) Preferences over the outcomes are acyclic . 2 ) Every sequential game has a Nash equilibrium . 3 ) Every sequential game has a subgame perfect equilibrium . The result is fully computer-certified using Coq . Beside the additional guarantee of correctness , the activity of formalisation using Coq also helps clearly identify the useful definitions and the main articulations of the proof .
0705.3343	cs.CG	Optimal Separable Algorithms to Compute the Reverse Euclidean Distance Transformation and Discrete Medial Axis in Arbitrary Dimension	In binary images , the distance transformation ( DT ) and the geometrical skeleton extraction are classic tools for shape analysis . In this paper , we present time optimal algorithms to solve the reverse Euclidean distance transformation and the reversible medial axis extraction problems for $ d $ -dimensional images . We also present a $ d $ -dimensional medial axis filtering process that allows us to control the quality of the reconstructed shape .
0705.3344	cs.IT math.IT	Multiuser detection in a dynamic environment Part I : User identification and data detection	In random-access communication systems , the number of active users varies with time , and has considerable bearing on receiver 's performance . Thus , techniques aimed at identifying not only the information transmitted , but also that number , play a central role in those systems . An example of application of these techniques can be found in multiuser detection ( MUD ) . In typical MUD analyses , receivers are based on the assumption that the number of active users is constant and known at the receiver , and coincides with the maximum number of users entitled to access the system . This assumption is often overly pessimistic , since many users might be inactive at any given time , and detection under the assumption of a number of users larger than the real one may impair performance . The main goal of this paper is to introduce a general approach to the problem of identifying active users and estimating their parameters and data in a random-access system where users are continuously entering and leaving the system . The tool whose use we advocate is Random-Set Theory : applying this , we derive optimum receivers in an environment where the set of transmitters comprises an unknown number of elements . In addition , we can derive Bayesian-filter equations which describe the evolution with time of the a posteriori probability density of the unknown user parameters , and use this density to derive optimum detectors . In this paper we restrict ourselves to interferer identification and data detection , while in a companion paper we shall examine the more complex problem of estimating users ' parameters .
0705.3360	cs.AI	The Road to Quantum Artificial Intelligence	This paper overviews the basic principles and recent advances in the emerging field of Quantum Computation ( QC ) , highlighting its potential application to Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) . The paper provides a very brief introduction to basic QC issues like quantum registers , quantum gates and quantum algorithms and then it presents references , ideas and research guidelines on how QC can be used to deal with some basic AI problems , such as search and pattern matching , as soon as quantum computers become widely available .
0705.3466	cs.DL	Open Access Publishing in Particle Physics : A Brief Introduction for the non-Expert	Open Access to particle physics literature does not sound particularly new or exciting , since particle physicists have been reading preprints for decades , and arXiv.org for 15 years . However new movements in Europe are attempting to make the peer-reviewed literature of the field fully Open Access . This is not a new movement , nor is it restricted to this field . However , given the field's history of preprints and eprints , it is well suited to a change to a fully Open Access publishing model . Data shows that 90 % of HEP published literature is freely available online , meaning that HEP libraries have little need for expensive journal subscriptions . As libraries begin to cancel journal subscriptions , the peer review process will lose its primary source of funding . Open Access publishing models can potentially address this issue . European physicists and funding agencies are proposing a consortium , SCOAP3 , that might solve many of the objections to traditional Open Access publishing models in Particle Physics . These proposed changes should be viewed as a starting point for a serious look at the field 's publication model , and are at least worthy of attention , if not adoption .
0705.3468	cs.PL	Linear Tabling Strategies and Optimizations	Recently , the iterative approach named linear tabling has received considerable attention because of its simplicity , ease of implementation , and good space efficiency . Linear tabling is a framework from which different methods can be derived based on the strategies used in handling looping subgoals . One decision concerns when answers are consumed and returned . This paper describes two strategies , namely , { \it lazy } and { \it eager } strategies , and compares them both qualitatively and quantitatively . The results indicate that , while the lazy strategy has good locality and is well suited for finding all solutions , the eager strategy is comparable in speed with the lazy strategy and is well suited for programs with cuts . Linear tabling relies on depth-first iterative deepening rather than suspension to compute fixpoints . Each cluster of inter-dependent subgoals as represented by a top-most looping subgoal is iteratively evaluated until no subgoal in it can produce any new answers . Naive re-evaluation of all looping subgoals , albeit simple , may be computationally unacceptable . In this paper , we also introduce semi-naive optimization , an effective technique employed in bottom-up evaluation of logic programs to avoid redundant joins of answers , into linear tabling . We give the conditions for the technique to be safe ( i.e . sound and complete ) and propose an optimization technique called { \it early answer promotion } to enhance its effectiveness . Benchmarking in B-Prolog demonstrates that with this optimization linear tabling compares favorably well in speed with the state-of-the-art implementation of SLG .
