0706.0430	cs.CR cs.NI	Anonymity in the Wild : Mixes on unstructured networks	As decentralized computing scenarios get ever more popular , unstructured topologies are natural candidates to consider running mix networks upon . We consider mix network topologies where mixes are placed on the nodes of an unstructured network , such as social networks and scale-free random networks . We explore the efficiency and traffic analysis resistance properties of mix networks based on unstructured topologies as opposed to theoretically optimal structured topologies , under high latency conditions . We consider a mix of directed and undirected network models , as well as one real world case study -- the LiveJournal friendship network topology . Our analysis indicates that mix-networks based on scale-free and small-world topologies have , firstly , mix-route lengths that are roughly comparable to those in expander graphs ; second , that compromise of the most central nodes has little effect on anonymization properties , and third , batch sizes required for warding off intersection attacks need to be an order of magnitude higher in unstructured networks in comparison with expander graph topologies .
0706.0431	cs.DM math.CO	Abstract numeration systems on bounded languages and multiplication by a constant	A set of integers is $ S $ -recognizable in an abstract numeration system $ S $ if the language made up of the representations of its elements is accepted by a finite automaton . For abstract numeration systems built over bounded languages with at least three letters , we show that multiplication by an integer $ \lambda\ge2 $ does not preserve $ S $ -recognizability , meaning that there always exists a $ S $ -recognizable set $ X $ such that $ \lambda X $ is not $ S $ -recognizable . The main tool is a bijection between the representation of an integer over a bounded language and its decomposition as a sum of binomial coefficients with certain properties , the so-called combinatorial numeration system .
0706.0457	cs.NE cs.RO	Challenges and Opportunities of Evolutionary Robotics	Robotic hardware designs are becoming more complex as the variety and number of on-board sensors increase and as greater computational power is provided in ever-smaller packages on-board robots . These advances in hardware , however , do not automatically translate into better software for controlling complex robots . Evolutionary techniques hold the potential to solve many difficult problems in robotics which defy simple conventional approaches , but present many challenges as well . Numerous disciplines including artificial life , cognitive science and neural networks , rule-based systems , behavior-based control , genetic algorithms and other forms of evolutionary computation have contributed to shaping the current state of evolutionary robotics . This paper provides an overview of developments in the emerging field of evolutionary robotics , and discusses some of the opportunities and challenges which currently face practitioners in the field .
0706.0465	cs.AI cs.CV	Virtual Sensor Based Fault Detection and Classification on a Plasma Etch Reactor	The SEMATECH sponsored J-88-E project teaming Texas Instruments with NeuroDyne ( et al . ) focused on Fault Detection and Classification ( FDC ) on a Lam 9600 aluminum plasma etch reactor , used in the process of semiconductor fabrication . Fault classification was accomplished by implementing a series of virtual sensor models which used data from real sensors ( Lam Station sensors , Optical Emission Spectroscopy , and RF Monitoring ) to predict recipe setpoints and wafer state characteristics . Fault detection and classification were performed by comparing predicted recipe and wafer state values with expected values . Models utilized include linear PLS , Polynomial PLS , and Neural Network PLS . Prediction of recipe setpoints based upon sensor data provides a capability for cross-checking that the machine is maintaining the desired setpoints . Wafer state characteristics such as Line Width Reduction and Remaining Oxide were estimated on-line using these same process sensors ( Lam , OES , RFM ) . Wafer-to-wafer measurement of these characteristics in a production setting ( where typically this information may be only sparsely available , if at all , after batch processing runs with numerous wafers have been completed ) would provide important information to the operator that the process is or is not producing wafers within acceptable bounds of product quality . Production yield is increased , and correspondingly per unit cost is reduced , by providing the operator with the opportunity to adjust the process or machine before etching more wafers .
0706.0484	cs.GL	Motivation , Design , and Ubiquity : A Discussion of Research Ethics and Computer Science	Modern society is permeated with computers , and the software that controls them can have latent , long-term , and immediate effects that reach far beyond the actual users of these systems . This places researchers in Computer Science and Software Engineering in a critical position of influence and responsibility , more than any other field because computer systems are vital research tools for other disciplines . This essay presents several key ethical concerns and responsibilities relating to research in computing . The goal is to promote awareness and discussion of ethical issues among computer science researchers . A hypothetical case study is provided , along with questions for reflection and discussion .
0706.0502	cs.CR cs.LO	Relating two standard notions of secrecy	Two styles of definitions are usually considered to express that a security protocol preserves the confidentiality of a data s. Reachability-based secrecy means that s should never be disclosed while equivalence-based secrecy states that two executions of a protocol with distinct instances for s should be indistinguishable to an attacker . Although the second formulation ensures a higher level of security and is closer to cryptographic notions of secrecy , decidability results and automatic tools have mainly focused on the first definition so far . This paper initiates a systematic investigation of the situations where syntactic secrecy entails strong secrecy . We show that in the passive case , reachability-based secrecy actually implies equivalence-based secrecy for digital signatures , symmetric and asymmetric encryption provided that the primitives are probabilistic . For active adversaries , we provide sufficient ( and rather tight ) conditions on the protocol for this implication to hold .
0706.0507	cs.HC	A collaborative framework to exchange and share product information within a supply chain context	The new requirement for `` collaboration '' between multidisciplinary collaborators induces to exchange and share adequate information on the product , processes throughout the products ' lifecycle . Thus , effective capture of information , and also its extraction , recording , exchange , sharing , and reuse become increasingly critical . These lead companies to adopt new improved methodologies in managing the exchange and sharing of information . The aim of this paper is to describe a collaborative framework system to exchange and share information , which is based on : ( i ) The Product Process Collaboration Organization model ( PPCO ) which defines product and process information , and the various collaboration methods for the organizations involved in the supply chain . ( ii ) Viewpoint model describes relationships between each actor and the comprehensive Product/Process model , defining each actor 's `` domain of interest '' within the evolving product definition . ( iii ) A layer which defines the comprehensive organization and collaboration relationships between the actors within the supply chain . ( iv ) Based on the above relationships , the last layer proposes a typology of exchanged messages . A communication method , based on XML , is developed that supports optimal exchange/sharing of information . To illustrate the proposed framework system , an example is presented related to collaborative design of a new piston for an automotive engine . The focus is on user-viewpoint integration to ensure that the adequate information is retrieved from the PPCO .
0706.0523	cs.LO cs.PL cs.SE	Interpolant-Based Transition Relation Approximation	In predicate abstraction , exact image computation is problematic , requiring in the worst case an exponential number of calls to a decision procedure . For this reason , software model checkers typically use a weak approximation of the image . This can result in a failure to prove a property , even given an adequate set of predicates . We present an interpolant-based method for strengthening the abstract transition relation in case of such failures . This approach guarantees convergence given an adequate set of predicates , without requiring an exact image computation . We show empirically that the method converges more rapidly than an earlier method based on counterexample analysis .
0706.0564	cs.SC math.AG math.CO	Tropical Implicitization and Mixed Fiber Polytopes	The software TrIm offers implementations of tropical implicitization and tropical elimination , as developed by Tevelev and the authors . Given a polynomial map with generic coefficients , TrIm computes the tropical variety of the image . When the image is a hypersurface , the output is the Newton polytope of the defining polynomial . TrIm can thus be used to compute mixed fiber polytopes , including secondary polytopes .
