0706.0580	cs.NI	Efficient Batch Update of Unique Identifiers in a Distributed Hash Table for Resources in a Mobile Host	Resources in a distributed system can be identified using identifiers based on random numbers . When using a distributed hash table to resolve such identifiers to network locations , the straightforward approach is to store the network location directly in the hash table entry associated with an identifier . When a mobile host contains a large number of resources , this requires that all of the associated hash table entries must be updated when its network address changes . We propose an alternative approach where we store a host identifier in the entry associated with a resource identifier and the actual network address of the host in a separate host entry . This can drastically reduce the time required for updating the distributed hash table when a mobile host changes its network address . We also investigate under which circumstances our approach should or should not be used . We evaluate and confirm the usefulness of our approach with experiments run on top of OpenDHT .
0706.0585	cs.LG cs.AI	A Novel Model of Working Set Selection for SMO Decomposition Methods	In the process of training Support Vector Machines ( SVMs ) by decomposition methods , working set selection is an important technique , and some exciting schemes were employed into this field . To improve working set selection , we propose a new model for working set selection in sequential minimal optimization ( SMO ) decomposition methods . In this model , it selects B as working set without reselection . Some properties are given by simple proof , and experiments demonstrate that the proposed method is in general faster than existing methods .
0706.0682	cs.IT math.IT	Code spectrum and reliability function : Gaussian channel	A new approach for upper bounding the channel reliability function using the code spectrum is described . It allows to treat both low and high rate cases in a unified way . In particular , the earlier known upper bounds are improved , and a new derivation of the sphere-packing bound is presented .
0706.0685	cs.IT math.IT	Non-Parametric Field Estimation using Randomly Deployed , Noisy , Binary Sensors	The reconstruction of a deterministic data field from binary-quantized noisy observations of sensors which are randomly deployed over the field domain is studied . The study focuses on the extremes of lack of deterministic control in the sensor deployment , lack of knowledge of the noise distribution , and lack of sensing precision and reliability . Such adverse conditions are motivated by possible real-world scenarios where a large collection of low-cost , crudely manufactured sensors are mass-deployed in an environment where little can be assumed about the ambient noise . A simple estimator that reconstructs the entire data field from these unreliable , binary-quantized , noisy observations is proposed . Technical conditions for the almost sure and integrated mean squared error ( MSE ) convergence of the estimate to the data field , as the number of sensors tends to infinity , are derived and their implications are discussed . For finite-dimensional , bounded-variation , and Sobolev-differentiable function classes , specific integrated MSE decay rates are derived . For the first and third function classes these rates are found to be minimax order optimal with respect to infinite precision sensing and known noise distribution .
0706.0692	cs.LO	Probabilistic Interval Temporal Logic and Duration Calculus with Infinite Intervals : Complete Proof Systems	The paper presents probabilistic extensions of interval temporal logic ( ITL ) and duration calculus ( DC ) with infinite intervals and complete Hilbert-style proof systems for them . The completeness results are a strong completeness theorem for the system of probabilistic ITL with respect to an abstract semantics and a relative completeness theorem for the system of probabilistic DC with respect to real-time semantics . The proposed systems subsume probabilistic real-time DC as known from the literature . A correspondence between the proposed systems and a system of probabilistic interval temporal logic with finite intervals and expanding modalities is established too .
0706.0720	cs.IT math.IT	Universal Quantile Estimation with Feedback in the Communication-Constrained Setting	We consider the following problem of decentralized statistical inference : given i.i.d . samples from an unknown distribution , estimate an arbitrary quantile subject to limits on the number of bits exchanged . We analyze a standard fusion-based architecture , in which each of $ m $ sensors transmits a single bit to the fusion center , which in turn is permitted to send some number $ k $ bits of feedback . Supposing that each of $ \nodenum $ sensors receives $ n $ observations , the optimal centralized protocol yields mean-squared error decaying as $ \order ( 1/ [ n m ] ) $ . We develop and analyze the performance of various decentralized protocols in comparison to this centralized gold-standard . First , we describe a decentralized protocol based on $ k = \log ( \nodenum ) $ bits of feedback that is strongly consistent , and achieves the same asymptotic MSE as the centralized optimum . Second , we describe and analyze a decentralized protocol based on only a single bit ( $ k=1 $ ) of feedback . For step sizes independent of $ m $ , it achieves an asymptotic MSE of order $ \order [ 1/ ( n \sqrt { m } ) ] $ , whereas for step sizes decaying as $ 1/\sqrt { m } $ , it achieves the same $ \order ( 1/ [ n m ] ) $ decay in MSE as the centralized optimum . Our theoretical results are complemented by simulations , illustrating the tradeoffs between these different protocols .
