0710.2659	cs.MA cs.DM	Rigidity and persistence for ensuring shape maintenance of multiagent meta formations ( ext 'd version )	This paper treats the problem of the merging of formations , where the underlying model of a formation is graphical . We first analyze the rigidity and persistence of meta-formations , which are formations obtained by connecting several rigid or persistent formations . Persistence is a generalization to directed graphs of the undirected notion of rigidity . In the context of moving autonomous agent formations , persistence characterizes the efficacy of a directed structure of unilateral distance constraints seeking to preserve a formation shape . We derive then , for agents evolving in a two- or three-dimensional space , the conditions under which a set of persistent formations can be merged into a persistent meta-formation , and give the minimal number of interconnections needed for such a merging . We also give conditions for a meta-formation obtained by merging several persistent formations to be persistent .
0710.2674	cs.CL cs.IT math.IT	Linguistic Information Energy	In this treatment a text is considered to be a series of word impulses which are read at a constant rate . The brain then assembles these units of information into higher units of meaning . A classical systems approach is used to model an initial part of this assembly process . The concepts of linguistic system response , information energy , and ordering energy are defined and analyzed . Finally , as a demonstration , information energy is used to estimate the publication dates of a series of texts and the similarity of a set of texts .
0710.2705	cs.IT cs.CR math.IT	Fingerprinting with Minimum Distance Decoding	This work adopts an information theoretic framework for the design of collusion-resistant coding/decoding schemes for digital fingerprinting . More specifically , the minimum distance decision rule is used to identify 1 out of t pirates . Achievable rates , under this detection rule , are characterized in two distinct scenarios . First , we consider the averaging attack where a random coding argument is used to show that the rate 1/2 is achievable with t=2 pirates . Our study is then extended to the general case of arbitrary $ t $ highlighting the underlying complexity-performance tradeoff . Overall , these results establish the significant performance gains offered by minimum distance decoding as compared to other approaches based on orthogonal codes and correlation detectors . In the second scenario , we characterize the achievable rates , with minimum distance decoding , under any collusion attack that satisfies the marking assumption . For t=2 pirates , we show that the rate $ 1-H ( 0.25 ) \approx 0.188 $ is achievable using an ensemble of random linear codes . For $ t\geq 3 $ , the existence of a non-resolvable collusion attack , with minimum distance decoding , for any non-zero rate is established . Inspired by our theoretical analysis , we then construct coding/decoding schemes for fingerprinting based on the celebrated Belief-Propagation framework . Using an explicit repeat-accumulate code , we obtain a vanishingly small probability of misidentification at rate 1/3 under averaging attack with t=2 . For collusion attacks which satisfy the marking assumption , we use a more sophisticated accumulate repeat accumulate code to obtain a vanishingly small misidentification probability at rate 1/9 with t=2 . These results represent a marked improvement over the best available designs in the literature .
