0706.2893	cs.DS cs.CC cs.DC	Dualheap Sort Algorithm : An Inherently Parallel Generalization of Heapsort	A generalization of the heapsort algorithm is proposed . At the expense of about 50 % more comparison and move operations for typical cases , the dualheap sort algorithm offers several advantages over heapsort : improved cache performance , better performance if the input happens to be already sorted , and easier parallel implementations .
0706.2926	cs.IT math.IT	Reducing the Error Floor	We discuss how the loop calculus approach of [ Chertkov , Chernyak '06 ] , enhanced by the pseudo-codeword search algorithm of [ Chertkov , Stepanov '06 ] and the facet-guessing idea from [ Dimakis , Wainwright '06 ] , improves decoding of graph based codes in the error-floor domain . The utility of the new , Linear Programming based , decoding is demonstrated via analysis and simulations of the model $ [ 155,64,20 ] $ code .
0706.2963	cs.IT math.IT	Outage Behavior of Discrete Memoryless Channels Under Channel Estimation Errors	Classically , communication systems are designed assuming perfect channel state information at the receiver and/or transmitter . However , in many practical situations , only an estimate of the channel is available that differs from the true channel . We address this channel mismatch scenario by using the notion of estimation-induced outage capacity , for which we provide an associated coding theorem and its strong converse , assuming a discrete memoryless channel . We illustrate our ideas via numerical simulations for transmissions over Ricean fading channels under a quality of service ( QoS ) constraint using rate-limited feedback channel and maximum likelihood ( ML ) channel estimation . Our results provide intuitive insights on the impact of the channel estimate and the channel characteristics ( SNR , Ricean K-factor , training sequence length , feedback rate , etc . ) on the mean outage capacity .
0706.2974	cs.OH	Remote laboratories : new technology and standard based architecture	E-Laboratories are important components of e- learning environments , especially in scientific and technical disciplines . First widespread E-Labs consisted in proposing simulations of real systems ( virtual labs ) , as building remote labs ( remote control of real systems ) was difficult by lack of industrial standards and common protocols . Nowadays , robotics and automation technologies make easier the interfacing of systems with computers . In this frame , many researchers ( such as those mentioned in [ 1 ] ) focus on how to set up such a remote control . But , only a few of them deal with the educational point of view of the problem . This paper outlines our current research and reflection about remote laboratory modelling .
0706.3008	cs.DC	A Generic Deployment Framework for Grid Computing and Distributed Applications	Deployment of distributed applications on large systems , and especially on grid infrastructures , becomes a more and more complex task . Grid users spend a lot of time to prepare , install and configure middleware and application binaries on nodes , and eventually start their applications . The problem is that the deployment process is composed of many heterogeneous tasks that have to be orchestrated in a specific correct order . As a consequence , the automatization of the deployment process is currently very difficult to reach . To address this problem , we propose in this paper a generic deployment framework allowing to automatize the execution of heterogeneous tasks composing the whole deployment process . Our approach is based on a reification as software components of all required deployment mechanisms or existing tools . Grid users only have to describe the configuration to deploy in a simple natural language instead of programming or scripting how the deployment process is executed . As a toy example , this framework is used to deploy CORBA component-based applications and OpenCCM middleware on one thousand nodes of the French Grid5000 infrastructure .
0706.3009	cs.AR cs.IT math.IT	Application of a design space exploration tool to enhance interleaver generation	This paper presents a methodology to efficiently explore the design space of communication adapters . In most digital signal processing ( DSP ) applications , the overall performance of the system is significantly affected by communication architectures , as a consequence the designers need specifically optimized adapters . By explicitly modeling these communications within an effective graph-theoretic model and analysis framework , we automatically generate an optimized architecture , named Space-Time AdapteR ( STAR ) . Our design flow inputs a C description of Input/Output data scheduling , and user requirements ( throughput , latency , parallelism ... ) , and formalizes communication constraints through a Resource Constraints Graph ( RCG ) . Design space exploration is then performed through associated tools , to synthesize a STAR component under time-to-market constraints . The proposed approach has been tested to design an industrial data mixing block example : an Ultra-Wideband interleaver .
0706.3060	cs.CE cs.DC	N-Body Simulations on GPUs	Commercial graphics processors ( GPUs ) have high compute capacity at very low cost , which makes them attractive for general purpose scientific computing . In this paper we show how graphics processors can be used for N-body simulations to obtain improvements in performance over current generation CPUs . We have developed a highly optimized algorithm for performing the O ( N^2 ) force calculations that constitute the major part of stellar and molecular dynamics simulations . In some of the calculations , we achieve sustained performance of nearly 100 GFlops on an ATI X1900XTX . The performance on GPUs is comparable to specialized processors such as GRAPE-6A and MDGRAPE-3 , but at a fraction of the cost . Furthermore , the wide availability of GPUs has significant implications for cluster computing and distributed computing efforts like Folding @ Home .
0706.3076	cs.MM cs.CR	On the Performance of Joint Fingerprint Embedding and Decryption Scheme	Till now , few work has been done to analyze the performances of joint fingerprint embedding and decryption schemes . In this paper , the security of the joint fingerprint embedding and decryption scheme proposed by Kundur et al . is analyzed and improved . The analyses include the security against unauthorized customer , the security against authorized customer , the relationship between security and robustness , the relationship between secu-rity and imperceptibility and the perceptual security . Based these analyses , some means are proposed to strengthen the system , such as multi-key encryp-tion and DC coefficient encryption . The method can be used to analyze other JFD schemes . It is expected to provide valuable information to design JFD schemes .
