0704.3120	cs.IT math.IT	Space Time Codes from Permutation Codes	A new class of space time codes with high performance is presented . The code design utilizes tailor-made permutation codes , which are known to have large minimal distances as spherical codes . A geometric connection between spherical and space time codes has been used to translate them into the final space time codes . Simulations demonstrate that the performance increases with the block lengths , a result that has been conjectured already in previous work . Further , the connection to permutation codes allows for moderate complex en-/decoding algorithms .
0704.3141	cs.MS	Algorithm for Evaluation of the Interval Power Function of Unconstrained Arguments	We describe an algorithm for evaluation of the interval extension of the power function of variables x and y given by the expression x^y . Our algorithm reduces the general case to the case of non-negative bases .
0704.3157	cs.AI cs.DB	Experimenting with recursive queries in database and logic programming systems	This paper considers the problem of reasoning on massive amounts of ( possibly distributed ) data . Presently , existing proposals show some limitations : { \em ( i ) } the quantity of data that can be handled contemporarily is limited , due to the fact that reasoning is generally carried out in main-memory ; { \em ( ii ) } the interaction with external ( and independent ) DBMSs is not trivial and , in several cases , not allowed at all ; { \em ( iii ) } the efficiency of present implementations is still not sufficient for their utilization in complex reasoning tasks involving massive amounts of data . This paper provides a contribution in this setting ; it presents a new system , called DLV $ ^ { DB } $ , which aims to solve these problems . Moreover , the paper reports the results of a thorough experimental analysis we have carried out for comparing our system with several state-of-the-art systems ( both logic and databases ) on some classical deductive problems ; the other tested systems are : LDL++ , XSB , Smodels and three top-level commercial DBMSs . DLV $ ^ { DB } $ significantly outperforms even the commercial Database Systems on recursive queries . To appear in Theory and Practice of Logic Programming ( TPLP )
0704.3199	cs.IT math.IT	Generalized Stability Condition for Generalized and Doubly-Generalized LDPC Codes	In this paper , the stability condition for low-density parity-check ( LDPC ) codes on the binary erasure channel ( BEC ) is extended to generalized LDPC ( GLDPC ) codes and doublygeneralized LDPC ( D-GLDPC ) codes . It is proved that , in both cases , the stability condition only involves the component codes with minimum distance 2 . The stability condition for GLDPC codes is always expressed as an upper bound to the decoding threshold . This is not possible for D-GLDPC codes , unless all the generalized variable nodes have minimum distance at least 3 . Furthermore , a condition called derivative matching is defined in the paper . This condition is sufficient for a GLDPC or DGLDPC code to achieve the stability condition with equality . If this condition is satisfied , the threshold of D-GLDPC codes ( whose generalized variable nodes have all minimum distance at least 3 ) and GLDPC codes can be expressed in closed form .
0704.3228	cs.NI cs.MM	Characterization of P2P IPTV Traffic : Scaling Analysis	P2P IPTV applications arise on the Internet and will be massively used in the future . It is expected that P2P IPTV will contribute to increase the overall Internet traffic . In this context , it is important to measure the impact of P2P IPTV on the networks and to characterize this traffic . Dur- ing the 2006 FIFA World Cup , we performed an extensive measurement campaign . We measured network traffic generated by broadcasting soc- cer games by the most popular P2P IPTV applications , namely PPLive , PPStream , SOPCast and TVAnts . From the collected data , we charac- terized the P2P IPTV traffic structure at different time scales by using wavelet based transform method . To the best of our knowledge , this is the first work , which presents a complete multiscale analysis of the P2P IPTV traffic . Our results show that the scaling properties of the TCP traffic present periodic behavior whereas the UDP traffic is stationary and lead to long- range depedency characteristics . For all the applications , the download traffic has different characteristics than the upload traffic . The signaling traffic has a significant impact on the download traffic but it has negligible impact on the upload . Both sides of the traffic and its granularity has to be taken into account to design accurate P2P IPTV traffic models .
0704.3238	cs.LO	Alternative axiomatics and complexity of deliberative STIT theories	We propose two alternatives to Xu 's axiomatization of the Chellas STIT . The first one also provides an alternative axiomatization of the deliberative STIT . The second one starts from the idea that the historic necessity operator can be defined as an abbreviation of operators of agency , and can thus be eliminated from the logic of the Chellas STIT . The second axiomatization also allows us to establish that the problem of deciding the satisfiability of a STIT formula without temporal operators is NP-complete in the single-agent case , and is NEXPTIME-complete in the multiagent case , both for the deliberative and the Chellas ' STIT .
0704.3241	cs.IT math.IT	Neighbor Discovery in Wireless Networks : A Multiuser-Detection Approach	We examine the problem of determining which nodes are neighbors of a given one in a wireless network . We consider an unsupervised network operating on a frequency-flat Gaussian channel , where $ K+1 $ nodes associate their identities to nonorthogonal signatures , transmitted at random times , synchronously , and independently . A number of neighbor-discovery algorithms , based on different optimization criteria , are introduced and analyzed . Numerical results show how reduced-complexity algorithms can achieve a satisfactory performance .
0704.3268	cs.RO cs.NE	2D Path Solutions from a Single Layer Excitable CNN Model	An easily implementable path solution algorithm for 2D spatial problems , based on excitable/programmable characteristics of a specific cellular nonlinear network ( CNN ) model is presented and numerically investigated . The network is a single layer bioinspired model which was also implemented in CMOS technology . It exhibits excitable characteristics with regionally bistable cells . The related response realizes propagations of trigger autowaves , where the excitable mode can be globally preset and reset . It is shown that , obstacle distributions in 2D space can also be directly mapped onto the coupled cell array in the network . Combining these two features , the network model can serve as the main block in a 2D path computing processor . The related algorithm and configurations are numerically experimented with circuit level parameters and performance estimations are also presented . The simplicity of the model also allows alternative technology and device level implementation , which may become critical in autonomous processor design of related micro or nanoscale robotic applications .
0704.3287	cs.IT math.IT	Sample size cognizant detection of signals in white noise	The detection and estimation of signals in noisy , limited data is a problem of interest to many scientific and engineering communities . We present a computationally simple , sample eigenvalue based procedure for estimating the number of high-dimensional signals in white noise when there are relatively few samples . We highlight a fundamental asymptotic limit of sample eigenvalue based detection of weak high-dimensional signals from a limited sample size and discuss its implication for the detection of two closely spaced signals . This motivates our heuristic definition of the 'effective number of identifiable signals . ' Numerical simulations are used to demonstrate the consistency of the algorithm with respect to the effective number of signals and the superior performance of the algorithm with respect to Wax and Kailath's '' asymptotically consistent '' MDL based estimator .
