0712.1658	cs.PL	Program algebra with a jump-shift instruction	We study sequential programs that are instruction sequences with jump-shift instructions in the setting of PGA ( ProGram Algebra ) . Jump-shift instructions preceding a jump instruction increase the position to jump to . The jump-shift instruction is not found in programming practice . Its merit is that the expressive power of PGA extended with the jump-shift instruction , is not reduced if the reach of jump instructions is bounded . This is used to show that there exists a finite-state execution mechanism that by making use of a counter can produce each finite-state thread from some program that is a finite or periodic infinite sequence of instructions from a finite set .
0712.1659	cs.IT math.IT	Non-linear and Linear Broadcasting with QoS Requirements : Tractable Approaches for Bounded Channel Uncertainties	We consider the downlink of a cellular system in which the base station employs multiple transmit antennas , each receiver has a single antenna , and the users specify . We consider communication schemes in which the users have certain Quality of Service ( QoS ) requirements . We study the design of robust broadcasting schemes that minimize the transmission power necessary to guarantee that the QoS requirements are satisfied for all channels within bounded uncertainty regions around the transmitter 's estimate of each user's channel . Each user 's QoS requirement is formulated as a constraint on the mean square error ( MSE ) in its received signal , and we show that these MSE constraints imply constraints on the received SINR . Using the MSE constraints , we present a unified design approach for robust linear and non-linear transceivers with QoS requirements . The proposed designs overcome the limitations of existing approaches that provide conservative designs or are only applicable to the case of linear precoding . Furthermore , we provide computationally-efficient design formulations for a rather general model of channel uncertainty that subsumes many natural choices for the uncertainty region . We also consider the problem of the robust counterpart to precoding schemes that maximize the fidelity of the weakest user 's signal subject to a power constraint . For this problem , we provide quasi-convex formulations , for both linear and non-linear transceivers , that can be efficiently solved using a one-dimensional bisection search . Our numerical results demonstrate that in the presence of CSI uncertainty , the proposed designs provide guarantees for a larger range of QoS requirements than the existing approaches , and consume require less transmission power in providing these guarantees .
0712.1662	cs.NI	Link Scheduling in STDMA Wireless Networks : A Line Graph Approach	We consider point to point link scheduling in Spatial Time Division Multiple Access ( STDMA ) wireless networks under the physical interference model . We propose a novel link scheduling algorithm based on a line graph representation of the network , by embedding the interferences between pairs of nodes into the edge weights of the line graph . Our algorithm achieves lower schedule length and lower run time complexity than existing algorithms .
0712.1759	cs.HC	A Web-based System for Observing and Analyzing Computer Mediated Communications	Tracking data of user 's activities resulting from Computer Mediated Communication ( CMC ) tools ( forum , chat , etc . ) is often carried out in an ad-hoc manner , which either confines the reusability of data in different purposes or makes data exploitation difficult . Our research works are biased toward methodological challenges involved in designing and developing a generic system for tracking user 's activities while interacting with asynchronous communication tools like discussion forums . We present in this paper , an approach for building a Web-based system for observing and analyzing user activity on any type of discussion forums .
0712.1765	cs.GT	Solving Simple Stochastic Games with Few Random Vertices	Simple stochastic games are two-player zero-sum stochastic games with turn-based moves , perfect information , and reachability winning conditions . We present two new algorithms computing the values of simple stochastic games . Both of them rely on the existence of optimal permutation strategies , a class of positional strategies derived from permutations of the random vertices . The '' permutation-enumeration '' algorithm performs an exhaustive search among these strategies , while the `` permutation-improvement '' algorithm is based on successive improvements , \`a la Hoffman-Karp . Our algorithms improve previously known algorithms in several aspects . First they run in polynomial time when the number of random vertices is fixed , so the problem of solving simple stochastic games is fixed-parameter tractable when the parameter is the number of random vertices . Furthermore , our algorithms do not require the input game to be transformed into a stopping game . Finally , the permutation-enumeration algorithm does not use linear programming , while the permutation-improvement algorithm may run in polynomial time .
0712.1768	cs.HC	Conceptions et usages des plates-formes de formation , Revue Sciences et Technologies de l'Information et de la Communication pour l'\'Education et la Formation	Educative platforms are at the heart of the development of online education . They can not only be reduced to technological aspects . Underlying models impact teaching and learning from the preparing of lessons to the learning sessions . Research related to these platforms are numerous and their stakes are important . For these reasons , we launched a call to a special issue on `` Designs and uses of educative platforms '' An educative platform is a computer system designed to automate various functions relating to the organization of the course , to the management of their content , to the monitoring of learners and supervision of persons in charge of various formations ( Office de la langue fran\c { c } aise , 2005 ) . So educative platforms are Learning Management Systems ( LMS ) which are specific to education contexts .
0712.1775	cs.IT math.IT	On Computation of Error Locations and Values in Hermitian Codes	We obtain a technique to reduce the computational complexity associated with decoding of Hermitian codes . In particular , we propose a method to compute the error locations and values using an uni-variate error locator and an uni-variate error evaluator polynomial . To achieve this , we introduce the notion of Semi-Erasure Decoding of Hermitian codes and prove that decoding of Hermitian codes can always be performed using semi-erasure decoding . The central results are : * Searching for error locations require evaluating an univariate error locator polynomial over $ q^2 $ points as in Chien search for Reed-Solomon codes . * Forney 's formula for error value computation in Reed-Solomon codes can directly be applied to compute the error values in Hermitian codes . The approach develops from the idea that transmitting a modified form of the information may be more efficient that the information itself .
0712.1800	cs.HC	Conception d'outils de communication sp\'ecifiques au contexte \'educatif	In a distance learning context , providing usual communication tools ( forum , chat , ... ) is not always enough to create efficient interactions between learners and to favour collective knowledge building . A solution consists in setting-up collective activities which encourage learners to communicate . But , even in that case , tools can sometimes become a barrier to communication . We present in this paper examples of specific tools that are designed in order to favour and to guide communications in an educational context , but also to foster interactions during learning activities that are not inherently collaborative . We describe synchronous communication tools ( semi-structured chat ) , asynchronous tools ( temporally structured forum , contextual forum ) and a system which promotes mutual aid between learners .
0712.1803	cs.NI	Tournament MAC with Constant Size Congestion Window for WLAN	In the context of radio distributed networks , we present a generalized approach for the Medium Access Control ( MAC ) with fixed congestion window . Our protocol is quite simple to analyze and can be used in a lot of different situations . We give mathematical evidence showing that our performance is tight , in the sense that no protocol with fixed congestion window can do better . We also place ourselves in the WiFi/WiMAX framework , and show experimental results enlightening collision reduction of 14 % to 21 % compared to the best known other methods . We show channel capacity improvement , and fairness considerations .
0712.1854	cs.NI cs.PF	Back-of-the-Envelope Computation of Throughput Distributions in CSMA Wireless Networks	This work started out with our accidental discovery of a pattern of throughput distributions among links in IEEE 802.11 networks from experimental results . This pattern gives rise to an easy computation method , which we term back-of-the-envelop ( BoE ) computation , because for many network configurations , very accurate results can be obtained within minutes , if not seconds , by simple hand computation . BoE beats prior methods in terms of both speed and accuracy . While the computation procedure of BoE is simple , explaining why it works is by no means trivial . Indeed the majority of our investigative efforts have been devoted to the construction of a theory to explain BoE . This paper models an ideal CSMA network as a set of interacting on-off telegraph processes . In developing the theory , we discovered a number of analytical techniques and observations that have eluded prior research , such as that the carrier-sensing interactions among links in an ideal CSMA network result in a system state evolution that is time-reversible ; and that the probability distribution of the system state is insensitive to the distributions of the `` on '' and `` off '' durations given their means , and is a Markov random field . We believe these theoretical frameworks are useful not just for explaining BoE , but could also be a foundation for a fundamental understanding of how links in CSMA networks interact . Last but not least , because of their basic nature , we surmise that some of the techniques and results developed in this paper may be applicable to not just CSMA networks , but also to other physical and engineering systems consisting of entities interacting with each other in time and space .
0712.1863	cs.NE cs.DB q-bio.OT	Constructing Bio-molecular Databases on a DNA-based Computer	Codd [ Codd 1970 ] wrote the first paper in which the model of a relational database was proposed . Adleman [ Adleman 1994 ] wrote the first paper in which DNA strands in a test tube were used to solve an instance of the Hamiltonian path problem . From [ Adleman 1994 ] , it is obviously indicated that for storing information in molecules of DNA allows for an information density of approximately 1 bit per cubic nm ( nanometer ) and a dramatic improvement over existing storage media such as video tape which store information at a density of approximately 1 bit per 1012 cubic nanometers . This paper demonstrates that biological operations can be applied to construct bio-molecular databases where data records in relational tables are encoded as DNA strands . In order to achieve the goal , DNA algorithms are proposed to perform eight operations of relational algebra ( calculus ) on bio-molecular relational databases , which include Cartesian product , union , set difference , selection , projection , intersection , join and division . Furthermore , this work presents clear evidence of the ability of molecular computing to perform data retrieval operations on bio-molecular relational databases .
