0704.2282	cs.OH cs.DM	Kekul\'e Cells for Molecular Computation	The configurations of single and double bonds in polycyclic hydrocarbons are abstracted as Kekul\'e states of graphs . Sending a so-called soliton over an open channel between ports ( external nodes ) of the graph changes the Kekul\'e state and therewith the set of open channels in the graph . This switching behaviour is proposed as a basis for molecular computation . The proposal is highly speculative but may have tremendous impact . Kekul\'e states with the same boundary behaviour ( port assignment ) can be regarded as equivalent . This gives rise to the abstraction of Kekul\'e cells . The basic theory of Kekul\'e states and Kekul\'e cells is developed here , up to the classification of Kekul\'e cells with $ \leq 4 $ ports . To put the theory in context , we generalize Kekul\'e states to semi-Kekul\'e states , which form the solutions of a linear system of equations over the field of the bits 0 and 1 . We briefly study so-called omniconjugated graphs , in which every port assignment of the right signature has a Kekul\'e state . Omniconjugated graphs may be useful as connectors between computational elements . We finally investigate some examples with potentially useful switching behaviour .
0704.2295	cs.CR	Using Image Attributes for Human Identification Protocols	A secure human identification protocol aims at authenticating human users to a remote server when even the users ' inputs are not hidden from an adversary . Recently , the authors proposed a human identification protocol in the RSA Conference 2007 , which is loosely based on the ability of humans to efficiently process an image . The advantage being that an automated adversary is not effective in attacking the protocol without human assistance . This paper extends that work by trying to solve some of the open problems . First , we analyze the complexity of defeating the proposed protocols by quantifying the workload of a human adversary . Secondly , we propose a new construction based on textual CAPTCHAs ( Reverse Turing Tests ) in order to make the generation of automated challenges easier . We also present a brief experiment involving real human users to find out the number of possible attributes in a given image and give some guidelines for the selection of challenge questions based on the results . Finally , we analyze the previously proposed protocol in detail for the relationship between the secrets . Our results show that we can construct human identification protocols based on image evaluation with reasonably `` quantified '' security guarantees based on our model .
0704.2344	cs.DC	Parallel computing for the finite element method	A finite element method is presented to compute time harmonic microwave fields in three dimensional configurations . Nodal-based finite elements have been coupled with an absorbing boundary condition to solve open boundary problems . This paper describes how the modeling of large devices has been made possible using parallel computation , New algorithms are then proposed to implement this formulation on a cluster of workstations ( 10 DEC ALPHA 300X ) and on a CRAY C98 . Analysis of the computation efficiency is performed using simple problems . The electromagnetic scattering of a plane wave by a perfect electric conducting airplane is finally given as example .
0704.2353	cs.IT math.IT	Scaling Laws of Cognitive Networks	We consider a cognitive network consisting of n random pairs of cognitive transmitters and receivers communicating simultaneously in the presence of multiple primary users . Of interest is how the maximum throughput achieved by the cognitive users scales with n. Furthermore , how far these users must be from a primary user to guarantee a given primary outage . Two scenarios are considered for the network scaling law : ( i ) when each cognitive transmitter uses constant power to communicate with a cognitive receiver at a bounded distance away , and ( ii ) when each cognitive transmitter scales its power according to the distance to a considered primary user , allowing the cognitive transmitter-receiver distances to grow . Using single-hop transmission , suitable for cognitive devices of opportunistic nature , we show that , in both scenarios , with path loss larger than 2 , the cognitive network throughput scales linearly with the number of cognitive users . We then explore the radius of a primary exclusive region void of cognitive transmitters . We obtain bounds on this radius for a given primary outage constraint . These bounds can help in the design of a primary network with exclusive regions , outside of which cognitive users may transmit freely . Our results show that opportunistic secondary spectrum access using single-hop transmission is promising .
0704.2355	cs.DC	A Nice Labelling for Tree-Like Event Structures of Degree 3	We address the problem of & # 64257 ; nding nice labellings for event structures of degree 3 . We develop a minimum theory by which we prove that the labelling number of an event structure of degree 3 is bounded by a linear function of the height . The main theorem we present in this paper states that event structures of degree 3 whose causality order is a tree have a nice labelling with 3 colors . Finally , we exemplify how to use this theorem to construct upper bounds for the labelling number of other event structures of degree 3 .
0704.2375	cs.IT math.IT	Power control algorithms for CDMA networks based on large system analysis	Power control is a fundamental task accomplished in any wireless cellular network ; its aim is to set the transmit power of any mobile terminal , so that each user is able to achieve its own target SINR . While conventional power control algorithms require knowledge of a number of parameters of the signal of interest and of the multiaccess interference , in this paper it is shown that in a large CDMA system much of this information can be dispensed with , and effective distributed power control algorithms may be implemented with very little information on the user of interest . An uplink CDMA system subject to flat fading is considered with a focus on the cases in which a linear MMSE receiver and a non-linear MMSE serial interference cancellation receiver are adopted ; for the latter case new formulas are also given for the system SINR in the large system asymptote . Experimental results show an excellent agreement between the performance and the power profile of the proposed distributed algorithms and that of conventional ones that require much greater prior knowledge .
0704.2383	cs.IT math.IT	Power control and receiver design for energy efficiency in multipath CDMA channels with bandlimited waveforms	This paper is focused on the cross-layer design problem of joint multiuser detection and power control for energy-efficiency optimization in a wireless data network through a game-theoretic approach . Building on work of Meshkati , et al. , wherein the tools of game-theory are used in order to achieve energy-efficiency in a simple synchronous code division multiple access system , system asynchronism , the use of bandlimited chip-pulses , and the multipath distortion induced by the wireless channel are explicitly incorporated into the analysis . Several non-cooperative games are proposed wherein users may vary their transmit power and their uplink receiver in order to maximize their utility , which is defined here as the ratio of data throughput to transmit power . In particular , the case in which a linear multiuser detector is adopted at the receiver is considered first , and then , the more challenging case in which non-linear decision feedback multiuser detectors are employed is considered . The proposed games are shown to admit a unique Nash equilibrium point , while simulation results show the effectiveness of the proposed solutions , as well as that the use of a decision-feedback multiuser receiver brings remarkable performance improvements .
0704.2386	cs.CC cs.IT math.IT	Bounded Pushdown dimension vs Lempel Ziv information density	In this paper we introduce a variant of pushdown dimension called bounded pushdown ( BPD ) dimension , that measures the density of information contained in a sequence , relative to a BPD automata , i.e . a finite state machine equipped with an extra infinite memory stack , with the additional requirement that every input symbol only allows a bounded number of stack movements . BPD automata are a natural real-time restriction of pushdown automata . We show that BPD dimension is a robust notion by giving an equivalent characterization of BPD dimension in terms of BPD compressors . We then study the relationships between BPD compression , and the standard Lempel-Ziv ( LZ ) compression algorithm , and show that in contrast to the finite-state compressor case , LZ is not universal for bounded pushdown compressors in a strong sense : we construct a sequence that LZ fails to compress signicantly , but that is compressed by at least a factor 2 by a BPD compressor . As a corollary we obtain a strong separation between finite-state and BPD dimension .
0704.2448	cs.LO cs.PL	Light Logics and Optimal Reduction : Completeness and Complexity	Typing of lambda-terms in Elementary and Light Affine Logic ( EAL , LAL , resp . ) has been studied for two different reasons : on the one hand the evaluation of typed terms using LAL ( EAL , resp . ) proof-nets admits a guaranteed polynomial ( elementary , resp . ) bound ; on the other hand these terms can also be evaluated by optimal reduction using the abstract version of Lamping 's algorithm . The first reduction is global while the second one is local and asynchronous . We prove that for LAL ( EAL , resp . ) typed terms , Lamping 's abstract algorithm also admits a polynomial ( elementary , resp . ) bound . We also show its soundness and completeness ( for EAL and LAL with type fixpoints ) , by using a simple geometry of interaction model ( context semantics ) .
0704.2452	cs.IT math.IT	Optimum Linear LLR Calculation for Iterative Decoding on Fading Channels	On a fading channel with no channel state information at the receiver , calculating true log-likelihood ratios ( LLR ) is complicated . Existing work assume that the power of the additive noise is known and use the expected value of the fading gain in a linear function of the channel output to find approximate LLRs . In this work , we first assume that the power of the additive noise is known and we find the optimum linear approximation of LLRs in the sense of maximum achievable transmission rate on the channel . The maximum achievable rate under this linear LLR calculation is almost equal to the maximum achievable rate under true LLR calculation . We also observe that this method appears to be the optimum in the sense of bit error rate performance too . These results are then extended to the case that the noise power is unknown at the receiver and a performance almost identical to the case that the noise power is perfectly known is obtained .
