0708.0877	cs.HC	A Portal Analysis for the Design of a Collaborative Research Environment for Students and Supervisors ( CRESS ) within the CSCR Domain	In a previous paper the CSCR domain was defined . Here this is taken to the next stage where we consider the design of a particular Collaborative Research Environment to support Students and Supervisors CRESS . Following the CSCR structure a preliminary design for CRESS has been established and a portal framework analysis is undertaken in order to determine the most appropriate set of tools for its implementation .
0708.0905	cs.IT math.IT	Permutation Decoding and the Stopping Redundancy Hierarchy of Cyclic and Extended Cyclic Codes	We introduce the notion of the stopping redundancy hierarchy of a linear block code as a measure of the trade-off between performance and complexity of iterative decoding for the binary erasure channel . We derive lower and upper bounds for the stopping redundancy hierarchy via Lovasz 's Local Lemma and Bonferroni-type inequalities , and specialize them for codes with cyclic parity-check matrices . Based on the observed properties of parity-check matrices with good stopping redundancy characteristics , we develop a novel decoding technique , termed automorphism group decoding , that combines iterative message passing and permutation decoding . We also present bounds on the smallest number of permutations of an automorphism group decoder needed to correct any set of erasures up to a prescribed size . Simulation results demonstrate that for a large number of algebraic codes , the performance of the new decoding method is close to that of maximum likelihood decoding .
0708.0909	cs.DS cs.DC	On the Self-stabilization of Mobile Robots in Graphs	Self-stabilization is a versatile technique to withstand any transient fault in a distributed system . Mobile robots ( or agents ) are one of the emerging trends in distributed computing as they mimic autonomous biologic entities . The contribution of this paper is threefold . First , we present a new model for studying mobile entities in networks subject to transient faults . Our model differs from the classical robot model because robots have constraints about the paths they are allowed to follow , and from the classical agent model because the number of agents remains fixed throughout the execution of the protocol . Second , in this model , we study the possibility of designing self-stabilizing algorithms when those algorithms are run by mobile robots ( or agents ) evolving on a graph . We concentrate on the core building blocks of robot and agents problems : naming and leader election . Not surprisingly , when no constraints are given on the network graph topology and local execution model , both problems are impossible to solve . Finally , using minimal hypothesis with respect to impossibility results , we provide deterministic and probabilistic solutions to both problems , and show equivalence of these problems by an algorithmic reduction mechanism .
0708.0927	cs.AI cs.CV	Modeling Visual Information Processing in Brain : A Computer Vision Point of View and Approach	We live in the Information Age , and information has become a critically important component of our life . The success of the Internet made huge amounts of it easily available and accessible to everyone . To keep the flow of this information manageable , means for its faultless circulation and effective handling have become urgently required . Considerable research efforts are dedicated today to address this necessity , but they are seriously hampered by the lack of a common agreement about `` What is information ? '' In particular , what is `` visual information '' - human 's primary input from the surrounding world . The problem is further aggravated by a long-lasting stance borrowed from the biological vision research that assumes human-like information processing as an enigmatic mix of perceptual and cognitive vision faculties . I am trying to find a remedy for this bizarre situation . Relying on a new definition of '' information '' , which can be derived from Kolmogorov 's compexity theory and Chaitin 's notion of algorithmic information , I propose a unifying framework for visual information processing , which explicitly accounts for the perceptual and cognitive image processing peculiarities . I believe that this framework will be useful to overcome the difficulties that are impeding our attempts to develop the right model of human-like intelligent image processing .
0708.0964	cs.CG	Nodally 3-connected planar graphs and convex combination mappings	A convex combination mapping of a planar graph is a plane mapping in which the external vertices are mapped to the corners of a convex polygon and every internal vertex is a proper weighted average of its neighbours . If a planar graph is nodally 3-connected or triangulated then every such mapping is an embedding ( Tutte , Floater ) . We give a simple characterisation of nodally 3-connected planar graphs , and generalise the above result to any planar graph which admits any convex embedding .
0708.0975	cs.NI	Near Optimal Broadcast with Network Coding in Large Sensor Networks	We study efficient broadcasting for wireless sensor networks , with network coding . We address this issue for homogeneous sensor networks in the plane . Our results are based on a simple principle ( IREN/IRON ) , which sets the same rate on most of the nodes ( wireless links ) of the network . With this rate selection , we give a value of the maximum achievable broadcast rate of the source : our central result is a proof of the value of the min-cut for such networks , viewed as hypergraphs . Our metric for efficiency is the number of transmissions necessary to transmit one packet from the source to every destination : we show that IREN/IRON achieves near optimality for large networks ; that is , asymptotically , nearly every transmission brings new information from the source to the receiver . As a consequence , network coding asymptotically outperforms any scheme that does not use network coding .
0708.1037	cs.IT math.IT	A Formulation of the Channel Capacity of Multiple-Access Channel	The necessary and sufficient condition of the channel capacity is rigorously formulated for the N-user discrete memoryless multiple-access channel ( MAC ) . The essence of the formulation is to invoke an { \em elementary } MAC where sizes of input alphabets are not greater than the size of output alphabet . The main objective is to demonstrate that the channel capacity of an MAC is achieved by an elementary MAC included in the original MAC . The proof is quite straightforward by the very definition of the elementary MAC . Moreover it is proved that the Kuhn-Tucker conditions of the elementary MAC are strictly sufficient and obviously necessary for the channel capacity . The latter proof requires some steps such that for the elementary MAC every solution of the Kuhn-Tucker conditions reveals itself as local maximum on the domain of all possible input probability distributions and then it achieves the channel capacity . As a result , in respect of the channel capacity , the MAC in general can be regarded as an aggregate of a finite number of elementary MAC 's .
