0706.1395	cs.NI	Opportunistic Network Coding for Video Streaming over Wireless	In this paper , we study video streaming over wireless networks with network coding capabilities . We build upon recent work , which demonstrated that network coding can increase throughput over a broadcast medium , by mixing packets from different flows into a single packet , thus increasing the information content per transmission . Our key insight is that , when the transmitted flows are video streams , network codes should be selected so as to maximize not only the network throughput but also the video quality . We propose video-aware opportunistic network coding schemes that take into account both ( i ) the decodability of network codes by several receivers and ( ii ) the importance and deadlines of video packets . Simulation results show that our schemes significantly improve both video quality and throughput .
0706.1399	cs.IT math.IT	Duality and Stability Regions of Multi-rate Broadcast and Multiple Access Networks	We characterize stability regions of two-user fading Gaussian multiple access ( MAC ) and broadcast ( BC ) networks with centralized scheduling . The data to be transmitted to the users is encoded into codewords of fixed length . The rates of the codewords used are restricted to a fixed set of finite cardinality . With successive decoding and interference cancellation at the receivers , we find the set of arrival rates that can be stabilized over the MAC and BC networks . In MAC and BC networks with average power constraints , we observe that the duality property that relates the MAC and BC information theoretic capacity regions extend to their stability regions as well . In MAC and BC networks with peak power constraints , the union of stability regions of dual MAC networks is found to be strictly contained in the BC stability region .
0706.1402	cs.CY cs.HC	Analyzing Design Process and Experiments on the AnITA Generic Tutoring System	In the field of tutoring systems , investigations have shown that there are many tutoring systems specific to a specific domain that , because of their static architecture , can not be adapted to other domains . As consequence , often neither methods nor knowledge can be reused . In addition , the knowledge engineer must have programming skills in order to enhance and evaluate the system . One particular challenge is to tackle these problems with the development of a generic tutoring system . AnITA , as a stand-alone application , has been developed and implemented particularly for this purpose . However , in the testing phase , we discovered that this architecture did not fully match the user 's intuitive understanding of the use of a learning tool . Therefore , AnITA has been redesigned to exclusively work as a client/server application and renamed to AnITA2 . This paper discusses the evolvements made on the AnITA tutoring system , the goal of which is to use generic principles for system re-use in any domain . Two experiments were conducted , and the results are presented in this paper .
0706.1409	cs.SC math.CA	A Proof of a Recursion for Bessel Moments	We provide a proof of a conjecture in ( Bailey , Borwein , Borwein , Crandall 2007 ) on the existence and form of linear recursions for moments of powers of the Bessel function $ K_0 $ .
0706.1410	cs.NA cs.NE math.NA math.OC	Evolutionary Mesh Numbering : Preliminary Results	Mesh numbering is a critical issue in Finite Element Methods , as the computational cost of one analysis is highly dependent on the order of the nodes of the mesh . This paper presents some preliminary investigations on the problem of mesh numbering using Evolutionary Algorithms . Three conclusions can be drawn from these experiments . First , the results of the up-to-date method used in all FEM softwares ( Gibb 's method ) can be consistently improved ; second , none of the crossover operators tried so far ( either general or problem specific ) proved useful ; third , though the general tendency in Evolutionary Computation seems to be the hybridization with other methods ( deterministic or heuristic ) , none of the presented attempt did encounter any success yet . The good news , however , is that this algorithm allows an improvement over the standard heuristic method between 12 % and 20 % for both the 1545 and 5453-nodes meshes used as test-bed . Finally , some strange interaction between the selection scheme and the use of problem specific mutation operator was observed , which appeals for further investigation .
0706.1456	cs.SE	A Generic Model of Contracts for Embedded Systems	We present the mathematical foundations of the contract-based model developed in the framework of the SPEEDS project . SPEEDS aims at developing methods and tools to support `` speculative design '' , a design methodology in which distributed designers develop different aspects of the overall system , in a concurrent but controlled way . Our generic mathematical model of contract supports this style of development . This is achieved by focusing on behaviors , by supporting the notion of `` rich component '' where diverse ( functional and non-functional ) aspects of the system can be considered and combined , by representing rich components via their set of associated contracts , and by formalizing the whole process of component composition .
0706.1477	cs.CC	VPSPACE and a transfer theorem over the complex field	We extend the transfer theorem of [ KP2007 ] to the complex field . That is , we investigate the links between the class VPSPACE of families of polynomials and the Blum-Shub-Smale model of computation over C. Roughly speaking , a family of polynomials is in VPSPACE if its coefficients can be computed in polynomial space . Our main result is that if ( uniform , constant-free ) VPSPACE families can be evaluated efficiently then the class PAR of decision problems that can be solved in parallel polynomial time over the complex field collapses to P. As a result , one must first be able to show that there are VPSPACE families which are hard to evaluate in order to separate P from NP over C , or even from PAR .
0706.1588	cs.IT math.IT	Detection of Gauss-Markov Random Fields with Nearest-Neighbor Dependency	The problem of hypothesis testing against independence for a Gauss-Markov random field ( GMRF ) is analyzed . Assuming an acyclic dependency graph , an expression for the log-likelihood ratio of detection is derived . Assuming random placement of nodes over a large region according to the Poisson or uniform distribution and nearest-neighbor dependency graph , the error exponent of the Neyman-Pearson detector is derived using large-deviations theory . The error exponent is expressed as a dependency-graph functional and the limit is evaluated through a special law of large numbers for stabilizing graph functionals . The exponent is analyzed for different values of the variance ratio and correlation . It is found that a more correlated GMRF has a higher exponent at low values of the variance ratio whereas the situation is reversed at high values of the variance ratio .
