0711.3274	cs.OH	Microsystem Product Development	Over the last decade the successful design and fabrication of complex MEMS ( MicroElectroMechanical Systems ) , optical circuits and ASICs have been demonstrated . Packaging and integration processes have lagged behind MEMS research but are rapidly maturing . As packaging processes evolve , a new challenge presents itself , microsystem product development . Product development entails the maturation of the design and all the processes needed to successfully produce a product . Elements such as tooling design , fixtures , gages , testers , inspection , work instructions , process planning , etc. , are often overlooked as MEMS engineers concentrate on design , fabrication and packaging processes . Thorough , up-front planning of product development efforts is crucial to the success of any project .
0711.3275	cs.OH	Parasitic Effects Reduction for Wafer-Level Packaging of RF-Mems	In RF-MEMS packaging , next to the protection of movable structures , optimization of package electrical performance plays a very important role . In this work , a wafer-level packaging process has been investigated and optimized in order to minimize electrical parasitic effects . The RF-MEMS package concept used is based on a wafer-level bonding of a capping silicon substrate to an RF-MEMS wafer . The capping silicon substrate resistivity , substrate thickness and the geometry of through-substrate electrical interconnect vias have been optimized using finite-element electromagnetic simulations ( Ansoft HFSS ) . Test structures for electrical characterization have been designed and after their fabrication , measurement results will be compared with simulations .
0711.3276	cs.OH	Surface Conditioning Effect on Vacuum Microelectronics Components Fabricated by Deep Reactive Ion Etching	Advances in material processing such as silicon micromachining are opening the way to vacuum microelectronics . Two-dimensional vacuum components can be fabricated using the microsystems processes . We developed such devices using a single metal layer and silicon micromachining by DRIE . The latter technological step has significant impact on the characteristics of the vacuum components . This paper presents a brief summary of electron emission possibilities and the design leading to the fabrication of a lateral field emission diode . First measurement results and the aging of the devices are also discussed .
0711.3277	cs.OH	3-D Self-Assembled Soi Mems : An Example of Multiphysics Simulation	MEMS devices are typical systems where multiphysics simulations are unavoidable . In this work , we present possible applications of 3-D self-assembled SOI ( Silicon-on-Insulator ) MEMS such as , for instance , thermal actuators and flow sensors . The numerical simulations of these microsystems are presented . Structural and thermal parts have to be strongly coupled for correctly describing the fabrication process and for simulating the behavior of these 3-D SOI MEMS .
0711.3279	cs.OH	Influence of the Feedback Filter on the Response of the Pulsed Digital Oscillator	This paper introduces a new feedback topology for the Pulsed Digital Oscillator ( PDO ) and compares it to the classical topology . The `classic ' or single feedback topology , introduced in previous works , shows a strong behavior dependence on the damping losses in the MEMS resonator . A new double feedback topology is introduced here in order to help solving this problem . Comparative discrete-time simulations and preliminary experimental measurements have been carried out for both topologies , showing how the new double feedback topology may increase PDO performance for some frequency ranges .
0711.3284	cs.OH	Concave Microlens Array Mold Fabrication in Photoresist Using UV Proximity Printing	This paper presents a simple and effective method to fabricate a polydimethyl-siloxane ( PDMS ) microlens array with a high fill factor , which utilizes the UV proximity printing and photoresist replication methods . The concave microlens array mold was made using a printing gap in lithography process , which utilizes optical diffraction of UV light to deflect away from the aperture edges and produces a certain exposure in the photoresist material outside the aperture edges . This method can precisely control the geometric profile of concave microlens array . The experimental results showed that the concave micro-lens array in photoresist could be formed automatically when the printing gap ranged from 240 micron to 720 micron . High fill factor microlens array can be produced , when the control pitch distance between the adjacent apertures of the concave microlens array was decreased to the aperture size .
0711.3286	cs.OH	The annealing induced extraordinary properties of SI based ZNO film grown by RF sputtering	Pb ( Zr0.52Ti0.48 ) O3 ( PZT ) thin films were in situ deposited by pulsed laser deposition ( PLD ) on Pt/Ti/SiO2/Si substrates using a template layer derived by sol-gel method . A 0.1- $ \mu $ m-thick PZT layer with ( 111 ) or ( 100 ) -preferred orientation was first deposited onto Pt/Ti/SiO2/Si substrates using the sol-gel method , and than a PZT layer with thickness of 1 $ \mu $ m was in situ deposited by PLD on the above-mentioned PZT layer . The crystalline phases and the preferred orientations of the PZT films were investigated by X-ray diffraction analysis . Surface and cross-sectional morphologies were observed by scanning electron microscopy and transmission electron microscopy . The electrical properties of the films were evaluated by measuring their P-E hysteresis loops and dielectric constants . The preferred orientation of the films can be controlled using the template layer derived by the sol-gel method . The deposition temperature required to obtain the perovskite phase in this process is approximately 460 degrees C , and is significantly lower than that in the case of direct film deposition by PLD on the Pt/Ti/SiO2/Si substrates . Keywords : lead zirconate titanate ( PZT ) , thin film , sol-gel method , laser ablation , electrical properties
0711.3287	cs.OH	Parametric Yield Analysis of Mems via Statistical Methods	This paper considers a developing theory on the effects of inevitable process variations during the fabrication of MEMS and other microsystems . The effects on the performance and design yield of the microsystems devices are analyzed and presented . A novel methodology in the design cycle of MEMS and other microsystems is briefly introduced . This paper describes the initial steps of this methodology that is aimed at counteracting the parametric variations in the product cycle of microsystems . It is based on a concept of worst-case analysis that has proven successful in the parent IC technology . Issues ranging from the level of abstraction of the microsystem models to the availability of such models are addressed
0711.3288	cs.OH	Electrostatically-Driven Resonator on Soi with Improved Temperature Stability	This paper deals with a single-crystal-silicon ( SCS ) MEMS resonator with improved temperature stability . While simulations have shown that the temperature coefficient of resonant frequency can be down to 1 ppm/degrees C , preliminary measurements on non-optimised structures gave evidence of a temperature coefficient of 29 ppm/degrees C. Design , optimisation , experimental results with post process simulation and prospective work are presented .
0711.3289	cs.OH	Electromechanical Reliability Testing of Three-Axial Silicon Force Sensors	This paper reports on the systematic electromechanical characterization of a new three-axial force sensor used in dimensional metrology of micro components . The siliconbased sensor system consists of piezoresistive mechanicalstress transducers integrated in thin membrane hinges supporting a suspended flexible cross structure . The mechanical behavior of the fragile micromechanical structure isanalyzed for both static and dynamic load cases . This work demonstrates that the silicon microstructure withstands static forces of 1.16N applied orthogonally to the front-side of the structure . A statistical Weibull analysis of the measured data shows that these values are significantly reduced if the normal force is applied to the back of the sensor . Improvements of the sensor system design for future development cycles are derived from the measurement results .
0711.3290	cs.OH	An Active Chaotic Micromixer Integrating Thermal Actuation Associating PDMS and Silicon Microtechnology	Due to scaling laws , in microfluidic , flows are laminar . Consequently , mixing between two liquids is mainly obtained by natural diffusion which may take a long time or equivalently requires centimetre length channels . To reduce time and length for mixing , it is possible to generate chaotic-like flows either by modifying the channel geometry or by creating an external perturbation of the flow . In this paper , an active micromixer is presented consisting on thermal actuation with heating resistors . In order to disturb the liquid flow , an oscillating transverse flow is generated by heating the liquid . Depending on the value of boiling point , either bubble expansion or volumetric dilation controlled the transverse flow amplitude . A chaotic like mixing is then induced under particular conditions depending on volume expansion , liquid velocity , frequency of actuation ... This solution presents the advantage to achieve mixing in a very short time ( 1s ) and along a short channel distance ( channel width ) . It can also be integrated in a more complex device due to actuator integration with microfluidics .
0711.3291	cs.OH	Resolution Limits for Resonant Mems Sensors Based on Discrete Relay Feedback Techniques	This paper is devoted to the analysis of resonant MEMS sensors based on discrete relay feedback techniques . One drawback of such techniques is that some synchronization usually occurs between the discrete part and the continuous part of the system : this results in sensor responses that are very similar to the curves known as devil 's staircases , i.e . the frequency does not vary smoothly with the sensor 's input . The main contribution of this paper is a theoretical calculation of the resolution of such systems . The resolutions of two existing resonant MEMS architectures are then calculated and these results are discussed .
0711.3292	cs.OH	A Silicon-Based Micro Gas Turbine Engine for Power Generation	This paper reports on our research in developing a micro power generation system based on gas turbine engine and piezoelectric converter . The micro gas turbine engine consists of a micro combustor , a turbine and a centrifugal compressor . Comprehensive simulation has been implemented to optimal the component design . We have successfully demonstrated a silicon-based micro combustor , which consists of seven layers of silicon structures . A hairpin-shaped design is applied to the fuel/air recirculation channel . The micro combustor can sustain a stable combustion with an exit temperature as high as 1600 K. We have also successfully developed a micro turbine device , which is equipped with enhanced micro air-bearings and driven by compressed air . A rotation speed of 15,000 rpm has been demonstrated during lab test . In this paper , we will introduce our research results major in the development of micro combustor and micro turbine test device .
0711.3294	cs.OH	Energy Conversion Using New Thermoelectric Generator	During recent years , microelectronics helped to develop complex and varied technologies . It appears that many of these technologies can be applied successfully to realize Seebeck micro generators : photolithography and deposition methods allow to elaborate thin thermoelectric structures at the micro-scale level . Our goal is to scavenge energy by developing a miniature power source for operating electronic components . First Bi and Sb micro-devices on silicon glass substrate have been manufactured with an area of 1cm2 including more than one hundred junctions . Each step of process fabrication has been optimized : photolithography , deposition process , anneals conditions and metallic connections . Different device structures have been realized with different micro-line dimensions . Each devices performance will be reviewed and discussed in function of their design structure .
0711.3296	cs.OH	Above Ic Micro-Power Generators for RF-Mems	This work presents recent advances in the development and the integration of an electrochemical ( chemicalelectrical energy conversion ) micro power generator used as a high voltage energy source for RF-MEMS powering . Autonomous MEMS require similarly miniaturized power sources . Up to day , solid state thin film batteries are realized with mechanical masks . This method does n't allow dimensions below a few mm^2 active area , and besides the whole process flow is done under controlled atmosphere so as to ensure materials chemical stability ( mainly lithiated materials ) . Within this context , Microelectronics micro-fabrication procedures ( photolithography , Reactive Ion Etching ... ) are used to reach both miniaturisation ( 100x100 $ \mu $ m^2 targeted unit cell active area ) and Above IC technological compatibility . All process steps developed here are realized in clean room environment .
0711.3297	cs.OH	Packaging of RF Mems Switching Functions on Alumina Substrate	Recently the strong demands in wireless communication requires expanding development for the application of RF MEMS ( Radio Frequency micro electro mechanical systems ) sensing devices such as micro-switches , tunable capacitors because it offers lower power consumption , lower losses , higher linearity and higher Q factors compared with conventional communications components . To accelerate commercialisation of RF MEMS products , development for packaging technologies is one of the most critical issues should be solved beforehand .
0711.3298	cs.OH	Recent Developments in Mems-Based Micro Fuel Cells	Micro fuel cells ( $ \mu $ -FC ) represent promising power sources for portable applications . Today , one of the technological ways to make $ \mu $ -FC is to have recourse to standard microfabrication techniques used in the fabrication of micro electromechanical systems ( MEMS ) . This paper shows an overview on the applications of MEMS techniques on miniature FC by presenting several solutions developed throughout the world . It also describes the latest developments of a new porous silicon-based miniature fuel cell . Using a silane grafted on an inorganic porous media as the proton-exchange membrane instead of a common ionomer such as Nafion , the fuel cell achieved a maximum power density of 58 mW cm-2 at room temperature with hydrogen as fuel .
0711.3299	cs.OH	Influence of Micro-Cantilever Geometry and Gap on Pull-in Voltage	In this paper , we study the behaviour of a microcantilever beam under electrostatic actuation using finite difference method . This problem has a lot of applications in MEMS based devices like accelerometers , switches and others . In this paper , we formulated the problem of a cantilever beam with proof mass at its end and carried out the finite difference solution . we studied the effects of length , width , and the gap size on the pull-in voltage using data that are available in the literature . Also , the stability limit is compared with the single degree of freedom commonly used in the earlier literature as an approximation to calculate the pull-in voltage .
0711.3300	cs.OH	Design and Development of Novel Electroplating Spring Frame Mems Structure Specimens for the Microtensile Testing of Thin Film Materials	Microelectromechanical systems ( MEMS ) technologies are developing rapidly with increasing study of the design , fabrication and commercialization of microscale systems and devices . Accurate mechanical properties are important for successful design and development of MEMS . We have demonstrated here a novel electroplating spring frame MEMS Structure Specimen integrates pin-pin align holes , misalignment compensate spring structure frame , load sensor beam and freestanding thin film . The specimen can be fit into a specially designed microtensile apparatus which is capable of carrying out a series of tests on sub-micro scale freestanding thin films .
0711.3301	cs.OH	Characterisation of the Etching Quality in Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems by Thermal Transient Methodology	Our paper presents a non-destructive thermal transient measurement method that is able to reveal differences even in the micron size range of MEMS structures . Devices of the same design can have differences in their sacrificial layers as consequence of the differences in their manufacturing processes e.g . different etching times . We have made simulations examining how the etching quality reflects in the thermal behaviour of devices . These simulations predicted change in the thermal behaviour of MEMS structures having differences in their sacrificial layers . The theory was tested with measurements of similar MEMS devices prepared with different etching times . In the measurements we used the T3Ster thermal transient tester equipment . The results show that deviations in the devices , as consequence of the different etching times , result in different temperature elevations and manifest also as shift in time in the relevant temperature transient curves .
0711.3302	cs.OH	The Effects of Additives on the Physical Properties of Electroformed Nickel and on the Stretch of Photoelectroformed Nickel Components	The process of nickel electroforming is becoming increasingly important in the manufacture of MST products , as it has the potential to replicate complex geometries with extremely high fidelity . Electroforming of nickel uses multi-component electrolyte formulations in order to maximise desirable product properties . In addition to nickel sulphamate ( the major electrolyte component ) , formulation additives can also comprise nickel chloride ( to increase nickel anode dissolution ) , sulphamic acid ( to control pH ) , boric acid ( to act as a pH buffer ) , hardening/levelling agents ( to increase deposit hardness and lustre ) and wetting agents ( to aid surface wetting and thus prevent gas bubbles and void formation ) . This paper investigates the effects of some of these variables on internal stress and stretch as a function of applied current density .
0711.3304	cs.OH	A Novel Contact Resistance Model of Anisotropic Conductive Film for FPD Packaging	In this research , a novel contact resistance model for the flat panel display ( FPD ) packaging based on the within layer parallel and between layers series resistance concepts was proposed . The FJ2530 anisotropic conductive films ( ACF ) by Sony Inc. containing the currently smallest 3micron conductive particles was used to conduct the experiments to verify the accuracy of the proposed model . Calculated resistance of the chip-on-glass ( COG ) packaging by the proposed model is 0.163\Omega . It is found that the gold bump with 0.162\Omega resistance play the major role of the overall resistance . Although the predicted resistance by the proposed model is only one third of the experimentally measured value , it has been three-fold improvement compared to the existing models .
0711.3305	cs.OH	Measurement Technique for Elastic and Mechanical Properties of Polycrystalline Silicon-Germanium Films Using Surface Acoustic Waves and Projection Masks	Using Rayleigh surface acoustic waves ( SAW ) , the Young 's modulus , the density and the thickness of polycrystalline Silicon-Germanium ( SiGe ) films deposited on silicon and SiO2 were measured , in excellent agreement with theory . The dispersion curve of the propagating SAW is calculated with a Boundary Element Method ( BEM ) -Model based on Green 's functions . The propagating SAW is generated with a nanosecond laser in a narrowband scheme projecting stripes from a mask on the surface of the sample . For this purpose a glass mask and a liquid crystal display ( LCD ) mask are used . The slope of the SAW is then measured using a probe beam setup . From the wavelength of the mask and the frequency of the measured SAW , the dispersion curve is determined point by point . Fitting the BEM-Model to the measured nonlinear dispersion curve provides several physical parameters simultaneously . In the present work this is demonstrated for the Young 's modulus , the density and the thickness of SiGe films . The results from the narrowband scheme measurement are in excellent agreement with separated measurements of the thickness ( profilometer ) , the density ( balance ) and the Young 's modulus ( nanoindenter ) .
0711.3306	cs.OH	Effect of Surface Finish of Substrate on Mechanical Reliability of in-48SN Solder Joints in Moems Package	Interfacial reactions and shear properties of the In-48Sn ( in wt. % ) ball grid array ( BGA ) solder joints after bonding were investigated with four different surface finishes of the substrate over an underlying Cu pad : electroplated Ni/Au ( hereafter E-NG ) , electroless Ni/immersion Au ( hereafter ENIG ) , immersion Ag ( hereafter I-Ag ) and organic solderability preservative ( hereafter OSP ) . During bonding , continuous AuIn2 , Ni3 ( Sn , In ) 4 and Cu6 ( Sn , In ) 5 intermetallic compound ( IMC ) layers were formed at the solder/E-NG , solder/ENIG and solder/OSP interface , respectively . The interfacial reactions between the solder and I-Ag substrate during bonding resulted in the formation of Cu6 ( Sn , In ) 5 and Cu ( Sn , In ) 2 IMCs with a minor Ag element . The In-48Sn/I-Ag solder joint showed the best shear properties among the four solder joints after bonding , whereas the solder/ENIG solder joint exhibited the weakest mechanical integrity .
0711.3308	cs.OH	Non Linear Techniques for Increasing Harvesting Energy from Piezoelectric and Electromagnetic Micro-Power-Generators	Non-linear techniques are used to optimize the harvested energy from piezoelectric and electromagnetic generators . This paper introduces an analytical study for the voltage amplification obtained from these techniques . The analytical study is experimentally validated using a macro model of piezoelectric generator . Moreover , the integration influences on these techniques is studied . Through all the obtained results , a suitable structure for autonomous microsystems is proposed .
0711.3309	cs.OH	Optimization of Piezoelectric Electrical Generators Powered by Random Vibrations	This paper compares the performances of a vibrationpowered electrical generators using PZT piezoelectric ceramic associated to two different power conditioning circuits . A new approach of the piezoelectric power conversion based on a nonlinear voltage processing is presented and implemented with a particular power conditioning circuit topology . Theoretical predictions and experimental results show that the nonlinear processing technique may increase the power harvested by a factor up to 4 compared to the Standard optimization technique . Properties of this new technique are analyzed in particular in the case of broadband , random vibrations , and compared to those of the Standard interface .
0711.3311	cs.OH	Power Processing Circuits for Mems Inertial Energy Scavengers	Inertial energy scavengers are self-contained devices which generate power from ambient motion , by electrically damping the internal motion of a suspended proof mass . There are significant challenges in converting the power generated from such devices to useable form , particularly in micro-engineered variants . This paper presents approaches to this power conversion requirement , with emphasis on the cases of electromagnetic and electrostatic transduction .
0711.3312	cs.OH	Motion-Based Generators for Industrial Applications	Scaling down of electronic systems has generated a large interest in the research on miniature energy sources . In this paper a closer look is given to the use of vibration based scavengers in industrial environments , where waste energy is abundantly available as engine related vibrations or large amplitude motions . The modeling of mechanical generators resulted in the design and realization of two prototypes , based on electromagnetic and electrostatic conversion of energy . Although the prototypes are not yet optimized against size and efficiency , a power of 0.3 mW has been generated in a 5 Hz motion with a 0.5 meter amplitude .
0711.3313	cs.OH	Design and Fabrication of a Micro Electrostatic Vibration-to-Electricity Energy Converter	This paper presents a micro electrostatic vibration-toelectricity energy converter . For the 3.3 V supply voltage and 1cm2 chip area constraints , optimal design parameters were found from theoretical calculation and Simulink simulation . In the current design , the output power is 200 $ \mu $ W/cm2 for the optimal load of 8 M\Omega . The device was fabricated in a silicon-on-insulator ( SOI ) wafer . Mechanical and electrical measurements were conducted . Residual particles caused shortage of the variable capacitor and the output power could not be measured . Device design and fabrication processes are being refined .
0711.3314	cs.OH	Macro and Micro Scale Electromagnetic Kinetic Energy Harvesting Generators	This paper is concerned with generators that harvest electrical energy from the kinetic energy present in the sensor nodes environment . These generators have the potential to replace or augment battery power which has a limited lifetime and requires periodic replacement which limits the placement and application of the sensor node .
0711.3315	cs.OH	Impact of Thermal Behavior on Offset in a High-Q Gyroscope	In this paper , CFD approach is used to simulate the thermal behavior in a sensitive high-Q gyroscope . The electromagnetically driving wires , in which AC current flows , are treated as Joule heat sources in the model . We found that the differences of temperature , pressure and velocity along the driving direction and transversely across the proof masses increased as the gap height between the proof mass and top glass became smaller . Local pressure gradient is expected to possibly enhance the impact of any imperfect led by MEMS processes or designs on the offset of our tuning fork type gyroscope , which has been experimentally verified . A device with 200um gap gives a two-third offset down compared with that of its counterpart with 50um gap .
0711.3316	cs.OH	Scaling Effects for Electromagnetic Vibrational Power Generators	This paper investigates how the power generated by electromagnetic based vibrational power generators scales with the dimension of the generator . The effects of scaling on the magnetic fields , the coil parameters and the electromagnetic damping are presented . An analysis is presented for both wire-wound coil technology and micro-fabricated coils .
0711.3317	cs.OH	A Generic Surface Micromachining Module for Mems Hermetic Packaging at Temperatures Below 200 degrees C	This paper presents the different processing steps of a new generic surface micromachining module for MEMS hermetic packaging at temperatures around 180 degrees C based on nickel plating and photoresist sacrificial layers . The advantages of thin film caps are the reduced thickness and area consumption and the promise of being a low-cost batch process . Moreover , sealing happens by a reflow technique , giving the freedom of choosing the pressure and atmosphere inside the cavity . Sacrificial etch holes are situated above the device allowing shorter release times compared to the state-of-the-art . With the so-called over-plating process , small etch holes can be created in the membrane without the need of expensive lithography tools . The etch holes in the membrane have been shown to be sufficiently small to block the sealing material to pass through , but still large enough to enable an efficient release .
0711.3318	cs.OH	A Ku-Band Novel Micromachined Bandpass Filter with Two Transmission Zeros	This paper presents a micromachined bandpass filter with miniature size that has relatively outstanding performance . A silicon-based eight-order microstrip bandpass filter is fabricated and measured . A novel design method of the interdigital filter that can create two transmission zeros is described . The location of the transmission zeros can be shifted arbitrarily in the stopband . By adjusting the zero location properly , the filter provides much better skirt rejection and lower insertion loss than a conventional microstrip interdigital filter . To reduce the chip size , through-silicon-substrate-via-hole is used . Good experimental results are obtained .
0711.3319	cs.OH	The Design and Fabrication of Platform Device for Dna Amplification	Thermalcycler were extensively used machine for amplify DNA sample . One of the major problems in the working time was that it spent most of time for cooling and heating . In order to improve the efficient , this study presented a novel method for amplify DNA sample . For this concept , the DNA sample in the silicon chamber which was pushed by a beam through three temperature regions around a center and then the DNA segments could be amplified rapidly after 30 cycles . The polymerase chain reaction platform was composed of thin-film heaters , copper plates , DC powers , and temperature controllers . The photolithography and bulk etching technologies were utilized to construct the thin-film heater and DNA reaction chambers . Finally , 1 pound gL 100bp DNA segment of E. coli K12 was amplified successfully within 36 minutes on this PCR platform .
0711.3320	cs.OH	Design and Modeling of a Mems-Based Valveless Pump Driven by an Electromagnetic Force	A novel valveless micro impedance pump is proposed and analyzed in this study .
0711.3321	cs.OH	Electrostatic Actuators Operating in Liquid Environment : Suppression of Pull-in Instability and Dynamic Response	This paper presents results about fabrication and operation of electrostatic actuators in liquids with various permittivities . In the static mode , we provide experimental and theoretical demonstration that the pull-in effect can be shifted beyond one third of the initial gap and even be eliminated when electrostatic actuators are operated in liquids . This should benefit to applications in microfluidics requiring either binary state actuation ( e.g . pumps , valves ) or continuous displacements over the whole gap ( e.g . microtweezers ) . In dynamic mode , actuators like micro-cantilevers present a great interest for Atomic Force Microscopy ( AFM ) in liquids . As this application requires a good understanding of the cantilever resonance frequency and Q-factor , an analytical modeling in liquid environment has been established . The theoretically derived curves are validated by experimental results using a nitride encapsulated cantilever with integrated electrostatic actuation . Electrode potential screening and undesirable electrochemistry in dielectric liquids are counteracted using AC-voltages . Both experimental and theoretical results should prove useful in micro-cantilever design for AFM in liquids .
0711.3323	cs.OH	Au-SN Flip-Chip Solder Bump for Microelectronic and Optoelectronic Applications	As an alternative to the time-consuming solder pre-forms and pastes currently used , a co-electroplating method of eutectic Au-Sn alloy was used in this study . Using a co-electroplating process , it was possible to plate the Au-Sn solder directly onto a wafer at or near the eutectic composition from a single solution . Two distinct phases , Au5Sn and AuSn , were deposited at a composition of 30at. % Sn . The Au-Sn flip-chip joints were formed at 300 and 400 degrees without using any flux . In the case where the samples were reflowed at 300 degrees , only an ( Au , Ni ) 3Sn2 IMC layer formed at the interface between the Au-Sn solder and Ni UBM . On the other hand , two IMC layers , ( Au , Ni ) 3Sn2 and ( Au , Ni ) 3Sn , were found at the interfaces of the samples reflowed at 400 degrees . As the reflow time increased , the thickness of the ( Au , Ni ) 3Sn2 and ( Au , Ni ) 3Sn IMC layers formed at the interface increased and the eutectic lamellae in the bulk solder coarsened .
0711.3324	cs.OH	Contactless Thermal Characterization Method of PCB-s Using an IR Sensor Array	In this paper the feasibility study of an IR sensor card is presented . The methodology and the results of a quasi real-time thermal characterization tool and method for the temperature mapping of circuits and boards based on sensing the infrared radiation is introduced . With the proposed method the IR radiation-distribution of boards from the close proximity of the sensor card is monitored in quasi real-time . The proposed method is enabling in situ IR measurement among operating cards of a system e.g . in a rack .
0711.3325	cs.OH	Miniaturized Fluorescence Excitation Platform with Optical Fiber for Bio-Detection Chips	This paper presents a new research study on the platform fabrication of fluorescence bio-detection chip with an optical fiber transmission . Anisotropic wet etching on ( 100 ) silicon wafers to fabrication V-groove for optical fiber alignment and micro-mirror were included . Combing with anodic bonding technique to adhere glass , silicon structure and optical fiber for a fluorescence excitation platform was completed . In this study , the etching solution 40 % KOH was used to study the parameters effect . The results show that working temperature is the main parameter to significantly effect the etch rate . The anisotropic etching resulted 54.7 degrees reflective mirrors and its reflectivity for optical beam were also examined . The surface roughness of the micro-mirror is Ra 4.1 nm measured using AFM , it provides excellent optical reflection . The incident light and beam profiles were also examined for further study . This study can show this micro-platform adaptable for fluorescence bio-detection .
0711.3326	cs.OH	Characterization of Flexible RF Microcoil Dedicated to Surface Mri	In Magnetic Resonance Imaging ( MRI ) , to achieve sufficient Signal to Noise Ratio ( SNR ) , the electrical performance of the RF coil is critical . We developed a device ( microcoil ) based on the original concept of monolithic resonator . This paper presents the used fabrication process based on micromoulding . The dielectric substrates are flexible thin films of polymer , which allow the microcoil to be form fitted to none-plane surface . Electrical characterizations of the RF coils are first performed and results are compared to the attempted values . Proton MRI of a saline phantom using a flexible RF coil of 15 mm in diameter is performed . When the coil is conformed to the phantom surface , a SNR gain up to 2 is achieved as compared to identical but planar RF coil . Finally , the flexible coil is used in vivo to perform MRI with high spatial resolution on a mouse using a small animal dedicated scanner operating at in a 2.35 T .
0711.3327	cs.OH	Integration of Micro-Electro-Mechanical Deformable Mirrors in Doped Fiber Amplifiers	We present a simple technique to produce active Q-switching in various types of fiber amplifiers by active integration of an electrostatic actuated deformable metallic micro-mirror . The optical MEMS ( MOEMS ) device acts as one of the laser cavity reflectors and , at the same time , as switching/ modulator element . We aim to obtain laser systems emitting short , high-power pulses and having variable repetition rate . The electro-mechanical behavior of membrane ( bridge-type ) was simulated by using electrostatic and modal 3D finite element analysis ( FEA ) . The results of the simulations fit well with the experimental mechanical , electrical and thermal measurements of the components . In order to decrease the sensitiveness to fiber-mirror alignment we are developing novel optical devices based on stressed-metal cantilever-type geometry that allow deflections up to 50 $ \mu $ m with increased reflectivity discrimination during actuation .
0711.3329	cs.OH	Micro-Ball Lens Array Fabrication in Photoresist Using Ptfe Hydrophobic Effect	This paper presents a simple method to fabricate micro-ball lens and its array . The key technology is to use the hydrophobic characteristics of polyterafluoroethylene ( PTFE ) substrate . High contact angle between melted photoresist pattern and PTFE can generate micro-ball lens and its array . PTFE thin film was spun onto a silicon wafer and dried in oven . Photoresist AZ4620 was used to pattern micro-columns with different diameters 60 , 70 and 80 $ \mu $ m . A thermal reflow process then was applied to melt these micro-column patterns resulted in micro-ball lens array . The achieved micro-ball lens array with diameter 98 $ \mu $ m was fabricated using 80 $ \mu $ m in diameter patterns . This method provides a simple fabrication process and low material cost .
0711.3330	cs.OH	Reduced-Order Modelling of the Bending of an Array of Torsional Micromirrors	Reduced-Order Modelling of the Bending of an Array of An array of micromirrors for beam steering optical switching has been designed in a thick polysilicon technology . A novel semi-analytical method to calculate the static characteristics of the micromirrors by taking into account the flexural deformation of the structure is presented . The results are compared with 3D coupled-field FEM simulation .
0711.3331	cs.OH	Model of Electrostatic Actuated Deformable Mirror Using Strongly Coupled Electro-Mechanical Finite Element	The aim of this paper is to deal with multi-physics simulation of micro-electro-mechanical systems ( MEMS ) based on an advanced numerical methodology . MEMS are very small devices in which electric as well as mechanical and fluid phenomena appear and interact . Because of their microscopic scale , strong coupling effects arise between the different physical fields , and some forces , which were negligible at macroscopic scale , have to be taken into account . In order to accurately design such micro-electro-mechanical systems , it is of primary importance to be able to handle the strong coupling between the electric and the mechanical fields . In this paper , the finite element method ( FEM ) is used to model the strong coupled electro-mechanical interactions and to perform static and transient analyses taking into account large mesh displacements . These analyses will be used to study the behaviour of electrostatically actuated micro-mirrors .
0711.3332	cs.OH	New Internal Stress Driven on-Chip Micromachines for Extracting Mechanical Properties of Thin Films	A new concept of micromachines has been developed for measuring the mechanical properties of thin metallic films . The actuator is a beam undergoing large internal stresses built up during the deposition process . Al thin films are deposited partly on the actuator beam and on the substrate . By etching the structure , the actuator contracts and pulls the Al film . Full stress strain curves can be generated by designing a set of micromachines with various actuator lengths . In the present study , the displacements have been measured by scanning electronic microscopy . The stress is derived from simple continuum mechanics relationships . The tensile properties of Al films of various thicknesses have been tested . A marked increase of the strength with decreasing film thickness is observed .
0711.3333	cs.OH	Process Issues for a Multi-Layer Microelectrofluidic Platform	We report on the development of some process capabilities for a polymer-based , multi-layer microelectrofluidic platform , namely : the hot embossing process , metallization on polymer and polymer bonding . Hot embossing experiments were conducted to look at the effects of load applied , embossing temperature and embossing time on the fidelity of line arrays representing micro channels . The results revealed that the embossing temperature is a more sensitive parameter than the others due to its large effect on the polymer material 's viscoelastic properties . Dynamic mechanical analysis ( DMA ) on polymethyl methacrylate ( PMMA ) revealed a steep glass transition over a 20 oC range , with the material losing more than 95 % of its storage modulus . The data explained the hot embossing results which showed large change in the embossed channel dimensions when the temperature is within the glass transition range . It was demonstrated that the micro-printing of silver epoxy is a possible low-cost technique in the mass production of disposable lab chips . An interconnecting network of electrical traces was fabricated in the form of a four-layer PMMA-based device . A four PMMA layer device with interconnecting microfluidic channels was also fabricated and tested .
0711.3334	cs.OH	Fabrication of Switches on Polymer-Based by Hot Embossing	In MEMS technology , most of the devices are fabricated on glass or silicon substrate . However , this research presents a novel manufacture method that is derived from conventional hot embossing technology to fabricate the electrostatic switches on polymer material . The procedures of fabrication involve the metal deposition , photolithography , electroplating , hot embossing and hot embed techniques . The fundamental concept of the hot embed technology is that the temperature should be increased above Tg of polymer , and the polymer becomes plastic and viscous and could be molded . According to the fundamental concept , the metal layer on the silicon/glass substrate could be embedded into polymer material during the hot embossing process . Afterward , the metal layer is bonded together with the polymer after removing the substrate in the de-embossing step . Finally , the electrostatic switch is fabricated on polymethylmethacrylate ( PMMA ) material to demonstrate the novel method .
0711.3335	cs.OH	A New Model of Fringing Capacitance and its Application to the Control of Parallel-Plate Electrostatic Micro Actuators	Fringing field has to be taken into account in the formulation of electrostatic parallel-plate actuators when the gap separating the electrodes is comparable to the geometrical dimensions of the moving plate . Even in this case , the existing formulations often result in complicated mathematical models from which it is difficult to determine the deflection of the moving plate for given voltages and therefore to predict the necessary applied voltages for actuation control . This work presents a new method for the modeling of fringing field , in which the effect of fringing field is modeled as a serial capacitor . Numerical simulation demonstrates the suitability of this formulation . Based on this model , a robust control scheme is constructed using the theory of input-to-state stabilization ( ISS ) and back-stepping state feedback design . The stability and the performance of the system using this control scheme are demonstrated through both stability analysis and numerical simulation .
0711.3338	cs.IT math.IT	Bounds for Compression in Streaming Models	Compression algorithms and streaming algorithms are both powerful tools for dealing with massive data sets , but many of the best compression algorithms -- e.g. , those based on the Burrows-Wheeler Transform -- at first seem incompatible with streaming . In this paper we consider several popular streaming models and ask in which , if any , we can compress as well as we can with the BWT . We first prove a nearly tight tradeoff between memory and redundancy for the Standard , Multipass and W-Streams models , demonstrating a bound that is achievable with the BWT but unachievable in those models . We then show we can compute the related Schindler Transform in the StreamSort model and the BWT in the Read-Write model and , thus , achieve that bound .
0711.3375	cs.DB	An Inflationary Fixed Point Operator in XQuery	We introduce a controlled form of recursion in XQuery , inflationary fixed points , familiar in the context of relational databases . This imposes restrictions on the expressible types of recursion , but we show that inflationary fixed points nevertheless are sufficiently versatile to capture a wide range of interesting use cases , including the semantics of Regular XPath and its core transitive closure construct . While the optimization of general user-defined recursive functions in XQuery appears elusive , we will describe how inflationary fixed points can be efficiently evaluated , provided that the recursive XQuery expressions exhibit a distributivity property . We show how distributivity can be assessed both , syntactically and algebraically , and provide experimental evidence that XQuery processors can substantially benefit during inflationary fixed point evaluation .
0711.3412	cs.CL	Morphological annotation of Korean with Directly Maintainable Resources	This article describes an exclusively resource-based method of morphological annotation of written Korean text . Korean is an agglutinative language . Our annotator is designed to process text before the operation of a syntactic parser . In its present state , it annotates one-stem words only . The output is a graph of morphemes annotated with accurate linguistic information . The granularity of the tagset is 3 to 5 times higher than usual tagsets . A comparison with a reference annotated corpus showed that it achieves 89 % recall without any corpus training . The language resources used by the system are lexicons of stems , transducers of suffixes and transducers of generation of allomorphs . All can be easily updated , which allows users to control the evolution of the performances of the system . It has been claimed that morphological annotation of Korean text could only be performed by a morphological analysis module accessing a lexicon of morphemes . We show that it can also be performed directly with a lexicon of words and without applying morphological rules at annotation time , which speeds up annotation to 1,210 word/s . The lexicon of words is obtained from the maintainable language resources through a fully automated compilation process .
0711.3419	cs.AI	Translating OWL and Semantic Web Rules into Prolog : Moving Toward Description Logic Programs	To appear in Theory and Practice of Logic Programming ( TPLP ) , 2008 . We are researching the interaction between the rule and the ontology layers of the Semantic Web , by comparing two options : 1 ) using OWL and its rule extension SWRL to develop an integrated ontology/rule language , and 2 ) layering rules on top of an ontology with RuleML and OWL . Toward this end , we are developing the SWORIER system , which enables efficient automated reasoning on ontologies and rules , by translating all of them into Prolog and adding a set of general rules that properly capture the semantics of OWL . We have also enabled the user to make dynamic changes on the fly , at run time . This work addresses several of the concerns expressed in previous work , such as negation , complementary classes , disjunctive heads , and cardinality , and it discusses alternative approaches for dealing with inconsistencies in the knowledge base . In addition , for efficiency , we implemented techniques called extensionalization , avoiding reanalysis , and code minimization .
0711.3449	cs.CL	Lexicon management and standard formats	International standards for lexicon formats are in preparation . To a certain extent , the proposed formats converge with prior results of standardization projects . However , their adequacy for ( i ) lexicon management and ( ii ) lexicon-driven applications have been little debated in the past , nor are they as a part of the present standardization effort . We examine these issues . IGM has developed XML formats compatible with the emerging international standards , and we report experimental results on large-coverage lexica .
0711.3452	cs.CL	In memoriam Maurice Gross	Maurice Gross ( 1934-2001 ) was both a great linguist and a pioneer in natural language processing . This article is written in homage to his memory
0711.3453	cs.CL	A resource-based Korean morphological annotation system	We describe a resource-based method of morphological annotation of written Korean text . Korean is an agglutinative language . The output of our system is a graph of morphemes annotated with accurate linguistic information . The language resources used by the system can be easily updated , which allows us-ers to control the evolution of the per-formances of the system . We show that morphological annotation of Korean text can be performed directly with a lexicon of words and without morpho-logical rules .
0711.3454	cs.CL	Graphes param\'etr\'es et outils de lexicalisation	Shifting to a lexicalized grammar reduces the number of parsing errors and improves application results . However , such an operation affects a syntactic parser in all its aspects . One of our research objectives is to design a realistic model for grammar lexicalization . We carried out experiments for which we used a grammar with a very simple content and formalism , and a very informative syntactic lexicon , the lexicon-grammar of French elaborated by the LADL . Lexicalization was performed by applying the parameterized-graph approach . Our results tend to show that most information in the lexicon-grammar can be transferred into a grammar and exploited successfully for the syntactic parsing of sentences .
0711.3457	cs.CL	Evaluation of a Grammar of French Determiners	Existing syntactic grammars of natural languages , even with a far from complete coverage , are complex objects . Assessments of the quality of parts of such grammars are useful for the validation of their construction . We evaluated the quality of a grammar of French determiners that takes the form of a recursive transition network . The result of the application of this local grammar gives deeper syntactic information than chunking or information available in treebanks . We performed the evaluation by comparison with a corpus independently annotated with information on determiners . We obtained 86 % precision and 92 % recall on text not tagged for parts of speech .
0711.3500	cs.MM cs.CR	Secure Fractal Image Coding	In recent work , various fractal image coding methods are reported , which adopt the self-similarity of images to compress the size of images . However , till now , no solutions for the security of fractal encoded images have been provided . In this paper , a secure fractal image coding scheme is proposed and evaluated , which encrypts some of the fractal parameters during fractal encoding , and thus , produces the encrypted and encoded image . The encrypted image can only be recovered by the correct key . To keep secure and efficient , only the suitable parameters are selected and encrypted through in-vestigating the properties of various fractal parameters , including parameter space , parameter distribu-tion and parameter sensitivity . The encryption process does not change the file format , keeps secure in perception , and costs little time or computational resources . These properties make it suitable for secure image encoding or transmission .
