0705.0734	cs.AI	Soft constraint abstraction based on semiring homomorphism	The semiring-based constraint satisfaction problems ( semiring CSPs ) , proposed by Bistarelli , Montanari and Rossi \cite { BMR97 } , is a very general framework of soft constraints . In this paper we propose an abstraction scheme for soft constraints that uses semiring homomorphism . To find optimal solutions of the concrete problem , the idea is , first working in the abstract problem and finding its optimal solutions , then using them to solve the concrete problem . In particular , we show that a mapping preserves optimal solutions if and only if it is an order-reflecting semiring homomorphism . Moreover , for a semiring homomorphism $ \alpha $ and a problem $ P $ over $ S $ , if $ t $ is optimal in $ \alpha ( P ) $ , then there is an optimal solution $ \bar { t } $ of $ P $ such that $ \bar { t } $ has the same value as $ t $ in $ \alpha ( P ) $ .
0705.0738	cs.RO	The Optimization of a Novel Prismatic Drive	The design of a mechanical transmission taking into account the transmitted forces is reported in this paper . This transmission is based on Slide-o-Cam , a cam mechanism with multiple rollers mounted on a common translating follower . The design of Slide-o-Cam , a transmission intended to produce a sliding motion from a turning drive , or vice versa , was reported elsewhere . This transmission provides pure-rolling motion , thereby reducing the friction of rack-and-pinions and linear drives . The pressure angle is a relevant performance index for this transmission because it determines the amount of force transmitted to the load vs. that transmitted to the machine frame . To assess the transmission capability of the mechanism , the Hertz formula is introduced to calculate the stresses on the rollers and on the cams . The final transmission is intended to replace the current ball-screws in the Orthoglide , a three-DOF parallel robot for the production of translational motions , currently under development for machining applications at Ecole Centrale de Nantes .
0705.0742	cs.GL	MIMO detection employing Markov Chain Monte Carlo	We propose a soft-output detection scheme for Multiple-Input-Multiple-Output ( MIMO ) systems . The detector employs Markov Chain Monte Carlo method to compute bit reliabilities from the signals received and is thus suited for coded MIMO systems . It offers a good trade-off between achievable performance and algorithmic complexity .
0705.0751	cs.IR cs.DL	Approximate textual retrieval	An approximate textual retrieval algorithm for searching sources with high levels of defects is presented . It considers splitting the words in a query into two overlapping segments and subsequently building composite regular expressions from interlacing subsets of the segments . This procedure reduces the probability of missed occurrences due to source defects , yet diminishes the retrieval of irrelevant , non-contextual occurrences .
0705.0760	cs.IT cs.AI cs.LG cs.NI math.IT	Equivalence of LP Relaxation and Max-Product for Weighted Matching in General Graphs	Max-product belief propagation is a local , iterative algorithm to find the mode/MAP estimate of a probability distribution . While it has been successfully employed in a wide variety of applications , there are relatively few theoretical guarantees of convergence and correctness for general loopy graphs that may have many short cycles . Of these , even fewer provide exact `` necessary and sufficient '' characterizations . In this paper we investigate the problem of using max-product to find the maximum weight matching in an arbitrary graph with edge weights . This is done by first constructing a probability distribution whose mode corresponds to the optimal matching , and then running max-product . Weighted matching can also be posed as an integer program , for which there is an LP relaxation . This relaxation is not always tight . In this paper we show that \begin { enumerate } \item If the LP relaxation is tight , then max-product always converges , and that too to the correct answer . \item If the LP relaxation is loose , then max-product does not converge . \end { enumerate } This provides an exact , data-dependent characterization of max-product performance , and a precise connection to LP relaxation , which is a well-studied optimization technique . Also , since LP relaxation is known to be tight for bipartite graphs , our results generalize other recent results on using max-product to find weighted matchings in bipartite graphs .
