0706.0869	cs.IT math.CO math.IT	Position Coding	A position coding pattern is an array of symbols in which subarrays of a certain fixed size appear at most once . So , each subarray uniquely identifies a location in the larger array , which means there is a bijection of some sort from this set of subarrays to a set of coordinates . The key to Fly Pentop Computer paper and other examples of position codes is a method to read the subarray and then convert it to coordinates . Position coding makes use of ideas from discrete mathematics and number theory . In this paper , we will describe the underlying mathematics of two position codes , one being the Anoto code that is the basis of `` Fly paper '' . Then , we will present two new codes , one which uses binary wavelets as part of the bijection .
0706.0870	cs.CE nlin.AO	Inferring the Composition of a Trader Population in a Financial Market	We discuss a method for predicting financial movements and finding pockets of predictability in the price-series , which is built around inferring the heterogeneity of trading strategies in a multi-agent trader population . This work explores extensions to our previous framework ( arXiv : physics/0506134 ) . Here we allow for more intelligent agents possessing a richer strategy set , and we no longer constrain the estimate for the heterogeneity of the agents to a probability space . We also introduce a scheme which allows the incorporation of models with a wide variety of agent types , and discuss a mechanism for the removal of bias from relevant parameters .
0706.0903	cs.NA	Families of traveling impulses and fronts in some models with cross-diffusion	An analysis of traveling wave solutions of partial differential equation ( PDE ) systems with cross-diffusion is presented . The systems under study fall in a general class of the classical Keller-Segel models to describe chemotaxis . The analysis is conducted using the theory of the phase plane analysis of the corresponding wave systems without a priory restrictions on the boundary conditions of the initial PDE . Special attention is paid to families of traveling wave solutions . Conditions for existence of front-impulse , impulse-front , and front-front traveling wave solutions are formulated . In particular , the simplest mathematical model is presented that has an impulse-impulse solution ; we also show that a non-isolated singular point in the ordinary differential equation ( ODE ) wave system implies existence of free-boundary fronts . The results can be used for construction and analysis of different mathematical models describing systems with chemotaxis .
