0705.0025	cs.HC cs.AI	Can the Internet cope with stress ?	When will the Internet become aware of itself ? In this note the problem is approached by asking an alternative question : Can the Internet cope with stress ? By extrapolating the psychological difference between coping and defense mechanisms a distributed software experiment is outlined which could reject the hypothesis that the Internet is not a conscious entity .
0705.0081	cs.IT math.IT	Constructions of q-Ary Constant-Weight Codes	This paper introduces a new combinatorial construction for q-ary constant-weight codes which yields several families of optimal codes and asymptotically optimal codes . The construction reveals intimate connection between q-ary constant-weight codes and sets of pairwise disjoint combinatorial designs of various types .
0705.0085	cs.IT math.IT	An efficient centralized binary multicast network coding algorithm for any cyclic network	We give an algorithm for finding network encoding and decoding equations for error-free multicasting networks with multiple sources and sinks . The algorithm given is efficient ( polynomial complexity ) and works on any kind of network ( acyclic , link cyclic , flow cyclic , or even in the presence of knots ) . The key idea will be the appropriate use of the delay ( both natural and additional ) during the encoding . The resulting code will always work with finite delay with binary encoding coefficients .
0705.0086	cs.CG cs.DM	About the domino problem in the hyperbolic plane , a new solution : complement	In this paper , we complete the construction of paper arXiv : cs.CG/0701096v2 . Together with the proof contained in arXiv : cs.CG/0701096v2 , this paper definitely proves that the general problem of tiling the hyperbolic plane with { \it \`a la } Wang tiles is undecidable .
0705.0123	cs.IT math.IT	An Energy Efficiency Perspective on Training for Fading Channels	In this paper , the bit energy requirements of training-based transmission over block Rayleigh fading channels are studied . Pilot signals are employed to obtain the minimum mean-square-error ( MMSE ) estimate of the channel fading coefficients . Energy efficiency is analyzed in the worst case scenario where the channel estimate is assumed to be perfect and the error in the estimate is considered as another source of additive Gaussian noise . It is shown that bit energy requirement grows without bound as the snr goes to zero , and the minimum bit energy is achieved at a nonzero snr value below which one should not operate . The effect of the block length on both the minimum bit energy and the snr value at which the minimum is achieved is investigated . Flash training schemes are analyzed and shown to improve the energy efficiency in the low-snr regime . Energy efficiency analysis is also carried out when peak power constraints are imposed on pilot signals .
0705.0124	cs.IT math.IT	On the Low-SNR Capacity of Phase-Shift Keying with Hard-Decision Detection	The low-snr capacity of M-ary PSK transmission over both the additive white Gaussian noise ( AWGN ) and fading channels is analyzed when hard-decision detection is employed at the receiver . Closed-form expressions for the first and second derivatives of the capacity at zero snr are obtained . The spectral-efficiency/bit-energy tradeoff in the low-snr regime is analyzed by finding the wideband slope and the bit energy required at zero spectral efficiency . Practical design guidelines are drawn from the information-theoretic analysis . The fading channel analysis is conducted for both coherent and noncoherent cases , and the performance penalty in the low-power regime for not knowing the channel is identified .
0705.0128	cs.IT math.IT	Training Optimization for Gauss-Markov Rayleigh Fading Channels	In this paper , pilot-assisted transmission over Gauss-Markov Rayleigh fading channels is considered . A simple scenario , where a single pilot signal is transmitted every T symbols and T-1 data symbols are transmitted in between the pilots , is studied . First , it is assumed that binary phase-shift keying ( BPSK ) modulation is employed at the transmitter . With this assumption , the training period , and data and training power allocation are jointly optimized by maximizing an achievable rate expression . Achievable rates and energy-per-bit requirements are computed using the optimal training parameters . Secondly , a capacity lower bound is obtained by considering the error in the estimate as another source of additive Gaussian noise , and the training parameters are optimized by maximizing this lower bound .
0705.0130	cs.IT math.IT	Performance Analysis for Multichannel Reception of OOFSK Signaling	In this paper , the error performance of on-off frequency shift keying ( OOFSK ) modulation over fading channels is analyzed when the receiver is equipped with multiple antennas . The analysis is conducted in two cases : the coherent scenario where the fading is perfectly known at the receiver , and the noncoherent scenario where neither the receiver nor the transmitter knows the fading coefficients . For both cases , the maximum a posteriori probability ( MAP ) detection rule is derived and analytical probability of error expressions are obtained . The effect of fading correlation among the receiver antennas is also studied . Simulation results indicate that for sufficiently low duty cycle values , lower probability of error values with respect to FSK signaling are achieved . Equivalently , when compared to FSK modulation , OOFSK with low duty cycle requires less energy to achieve the same probability of error , which renders this modulation a more energy efficient transmission technique .
0705.0132	cs.IT math.IT	Error Probability Analysis of Peaky Signaling over Fading Channels	In this paper , the performance of signaling strategies with high peak-to-average power ratio is analyzed in both coherent and noncoherent fading channels . Two recently proposed modulation schemes , namely on-off binary phase-shift keying and on-off quaternary phase-shift keying , are considered . For these modulation formats , the optimal decision rules used at the detector are identified and analytical expressions for the error probabilities are obtained . Numerical techniques are employed to compute the error probabilities . It is concluded that increasing the peakedness of the signals results in reduced error rates for a given power level and hence improve the energy efficiency .
0705.0150	cs.CE	Comparison of Discrete and Continuous Wavelet Transforms	In this paper we outline several points of view on the interplay between discrete and continuous wavelet transforms ; stressing both pure and applied aspects of both . We outline some new links between the two transform technologies based on the theory of representations of generators and relations . By this we mean a finite system of generators which are represented by operators in Hilbert space . We further outline how these representations yield sub-band filter banks for signal and image processing algorithms .
0705.0178	cs.CR	Oblivious Transfer based on Key Exchange	Key-exchange protocols have been overlooked as a possible means for implementing oblivious transfer ( OT ) . In this paper we present a protocol for mutual exchange of secrets , 1-out-of-2 OT and coin flipping similar to Diffie-Hellman protocol using the idea of obliviously exchanging encryption keys . Since , Diffie-Hellman scheme is widely used , our protocol may provide a useful alternative to the conventional methods for implementation of oblivious transfer and a useful primitive in building larger cryptographic schemes .
0705.0197	cs.AI	Fault Classification in Cylinders Using Multilayer Perceptrons , Support Vector Machines and Guassian Mixture Models	Gaussian mixture models ( GMM ) and support vector machines ( SVM ) are introduced to classify faults in a population of cylindrical shells . The proposed procedures are tested on a population of 20 cylindrical shells and their performance is compared to the procedure , which uses multi-layer perceptrons ( MLP ) . The modal properties extracted from vibration data are used to train the GMM , SVM and MLP . It is observed that the GMM produces 98 % , SVM produces 94 % classification accuracy while the MLP produces 88 % classification rates .
