0704.1317	cs.IT math.IT	Low Density Lattice Codes	Low density lattice codes ( LDLC ) are novel lattice codes that can be decoded efficiently and approach the capacity of the additive white Gaussian noise ( AWGN ) channel . In LDLC a codeword x is generated directly at the n-dimensional Euclidean space as a linear transformation of a corresponding integer message vector b , i.e. , x = Gb , where H , the inverse of G , is restricted to be sparse . The fact that H is sparse is utilized to develop a linear-time iterative decoding scheme which attains , as demonstrated by simulations , good error performance within ~0.5dB from capacity at block length of n = 100,000 symbols . The paper also discusses convergence results and implementation considerations .
0704.1353	cs.OH cs.DB cs.DL cs.HC	Supporting Knowledge and Expertise Finding within Australia 's Defence Science and Technology Organisation	This paper reports on work aimed at supporting knowledge and expertise finding within a large Research and Development ( R & D ) organisation . The paper first discusses the nature of knowledge important to R & D organisations and presents a prototype information system developed to support knowledge and expertise finding . The paper then discusses a trial of the system within an R & D organisation , the implications and limitations of the trial , and discusses future research questions .
0704.1358	cs.DM cs.IT math.IT	Distance preserving mappings from ternary vectors to permutations	Distance-preserving mappings ( DPMs ) are mappings from the set of all q-ary vectors of a fixed length to the set of permutations of the same or longer length such that every two distinct vectors are mapped to permutations with the same or even larger Hamming distance than that of the vectors . In this paper , we propose a construction of DPMs from ternary vectors . The constructed DPMs improve the lower bounds on the maximal size of permutation arrays .
0704.1373	cs.PL	A Language-Based Approach for Improving the Robustness of Network Application Protocol Implementations	The secure and robust functioning of a network relies on the defect-free implementation of network applications . As network protocols have become increasingly complex , however , hand-writing network message processing code has become increasingly error-prone . In this paper , we present a domain-specific language , Zebu , for describing protocol message formats and related processing constraints . From a Zebu specification , a compiler automatically generates stubs to be used by an application to parse network messages . Zebu is easy to use , as it builds on notations used in RFCs to describe protocol grammars . Zebu is also efficient , as the memory usage is tailored to application needs and message fragments can be specified to be processed on demand . Finally , Zebu-based applications are robust , as the Zebu compiler automatically checks specification consistency and generates parsing stubs that include validation of the message structure . Using a mutation analysis in the context of SIP and RTSP , we show that Zebu significantly improves application robustness .
0704.1394	cs.AI	Calculating Valid Domains for BDD-Based Interactive Configuration	In these notes we formally describe the functionality of Calculating Valid Domains from the BDD representing the solution space of valid configurations . The formalization is largely based on the CLab configuration framework .
0704.1409	cs.LG cs.AI	Preconditioned Temporal Difference Learning	This paper has been withdrawn by the author . This draft is withdrawn for its poor quality in english , unfortunately produced by the author when he was just starting his science route . Look at the ICML version instead : http : //icml2008.cs.helsinki.fi/papers/111.pdf
0704.1411	cs.IT math.IT	Trellis-Coded Quantization Based on Maximum-Hamming-Distance Binary Codes	Most design approaches for trellis-coded quantization take advantage of the duality of trellis-coded quantization with trellis-coded modulation , and use the same empirically-found convolutional codes to label the trellis branches . This letter presents an alternative approach that instead takes advantage of maximum-Hamming-distance convolutional codes . The proposed source codes are shown to be competitive with the best in the literature for the same computational complexity .
0704.1455	cs.IT math.IT	A Better Good-Turing Estimator for Sequence Probabilities	We consider the problem of estimating the probability of an observed string drawn i.i.d . from an unknown distribution . The key feature of our study is that the length of the observed string is assumed to be of the same order as the size of the underlying alphabet . In this setting , many letters are unseen and the empirical distribution tends to overestimate the probability of the observed letters . To overcome this problem , the traditional approach to probability estimation is to use the classical Good-Turing estimator . We introduce a natural scaling model and use it to show that the Good-Turing sequence probability estimator is not consistent . We then introduce a novel sequence probability estimator that is indeed consistent under the natural scaling model .
