0705.3050	cs.MA	A competitive multi-agent model of interbank payment systems	We develop a dynamic multi-agent model of an interbank payment system where banks choose their level of available funds on the basis of private payoff maximisation . The model consists of the repetition of a simultaneous move stage game with incomplete information , incomplete monitoring , and stochastic payoffs . Adaptation takes place with bayesian updating , with banks maximizing immediate payoffs . We carry out numerical simulations to solve the model and investigate two special scenarios : an operational incident and exogenous throughput guidelines for payment submission . We find that the demand for intraday credit is an S-shaped function of the cost ratio between intraday credit costs and the costs associated with delaying payments . We also find that the demand for liquidity is increased both under operational incidents and in the presence of effective throughput guidelines .
0705.3099	cs.IT math.IT	Distortion Minimization in Gaussian Layered Broadcast Coding with Successive Refinement	A transmitter without channel state information ( CSI ) wishes to send a delay-limited Gaussian source over a slowly fading channel . The source is coded in superimposed layers , with each layer successively refining the description in the previous one . The receiver decodes the layers that are supported by the channel realization and reconstructs the source up to a distortion . The expected distortion is minimized by optimally allocating the transmit power among the source layers . For two source layers , the allocation is optimal when power is first assigned to the higher layer up to a power ceiling that depends only on the channel fading distribution ; all remaining power , if any , is allocated to the lower layer . For convex distortion cost functions with convex constraints , the minimization is formulated as a convex optimization problem . In the limit of a continuum of infinite layers , the minimum expected distortion is given by the solution to a set of linear differential equations in terms of the density of the fading distribution . As the bandwidth ratio b ( channel uses per source symbol ) tends to zero , the power distribution that minimizes expected distortion converges to the one that maximizes expected capacity . While expected distortion can be improved by acquiring CSI at the transmitter ( CSIT ) or by increasing diversity from the realization of independent fading paths , at high SNR the performance benefit from diversity exceeds that from CSIT , especially when b is large .
0705.3227	cs.GT cs.CC cs.LO math.LO	Computability of simple games : A characterization and application to the core	The class of algorithmically computable simple games ( i ) includes the class of games that have finite carriers and ( ii ) is included in the class of games that have finite winning coalitions . This paper characterizes computable games , strengthens the earlier result that computable games violate anonymity , and gives examples showing that the above inclusions are strict . It also extends Nakamura 's theorem about the nonemptyness of the core and shows that computable games have a finite Nakamura number , implying that the number of alternatives that the players can deal with rationally is restricted .
0705.3261	cs.IT math.IT	Recovering Multiplexing Loss Through Successive Relaying Using Repetition Coding	In this paper , a transmission protocol is studied for a two relay wireless network in which simple repetition coding is applied at the relays . Information-theoretic achievable rates for this transmission scheme are given , and a space-time V-BLAST signalling and detection method that can approach them is developed . It is shown through the diversity multiplexing tradeoff analysis that this transmission scheme can recover the multiplexing loss of the half-duplex relay network , while retaining some diversity gain . This scheme is also compared with conventional transmission protocols that exploit only the diversity of the network at the cost of a multiplexing loss . It is shown that the new transmission protocol offers significant performance advantages over conventional protocols , especially when the interference between the two relays is sufficiently strong .
