0711.3672	cs.DC cs.DS cs.NI	Weak vs. Self vs. Probabilistic Stabilization	Self-stabilization is a strong property that guarantees that a network always resume correct behavior starting from an arbitrary initial state . Weaker guarantees have later been introduced to cope with impossibility results : probabilistic stabilization only gives probabilistic convergence to a correct behavior . Also , weak stabilization only gives the possibility of convergence . In this paper , we investigate the relative power of weak , self , and probabilistic stabilization , with respect to the set of problems that can be solved . We formally prove that in that sense , weak stabilization is strictly stronger that self-stabilization . Also , we refine previous results on weak stabilization to prove that , for practical schedule instances , a deterministic weak-stabilizing protocol can be turned into a probabilistic self-stabilizing one . This latter result hints at more practical use of weak-stabilization , as such algorthms are easier to design and prove than their ( probabilistic ) self-stabilizing counterparts .
0711.3675	cs.LG cs.IT math.IT	Derivations of Normalized Mutual Information in Binary Classifications	This correspondence studies the basic problem of classifications - how to evaluate different classifiers . Although the conventional performance indexes , such as accuracy , are commonly used in classifier selection or evaluation , information-based criteria , such as mutual information , are becoming popular in feature/model selections . In this work , we propose to assess classifiers in terms of normalized mutual information ( NI ) , which is novel and well defined in a compact range for classifier evaluation . We derive close-form relations of normalized mutual information with respect to accuracy , precision , and recall in binary classifications . By exploring the relations among them , we reveal that NI is actually a set of nonlinear functions , with a concordant power-exponent form , to each performance index . The relations can also be expressed with respect to precision and recall , or to false alarm and hitting rate ( recall ) .
0711.3691	cs.CL	Outilex , plate-forme logicielle de traitement de textes \'ecrits	The Outilex software platform , which will be made available to research , development and industry , comprises software components implementing all the fundamental operations of written text processing : processing without lexicons , exploitation of lexicons and grammars , language resource management . All data are structured in XML formats , and also in more compact formats , either readable or binary , whenever necessary ; the required format converters are included in the platform ; the grammar formats allow for combining statistical approaches with resource-based approaches . Manually constructed lexicons for French and English , originating from the LADL , and of substantial coverage , will be distributed with the platform under LGPL-LR license .
0711.3726	cs.CL	Let 's get the student into the driver 's seat	Speaking a language and achieving proficiency in another one is a highly complex process which requires the acquisition of various kinds of knowledge and skills , like the learning of words , rules and patterns and their connection to communicative goals ( intentions ) , the usual starting point . To help the learner to acquire these skills we propose an enhanced , electronic version of an age old method : pattern drills ( henceforth PDs ) . While being highly regarded in the fifties , PDs have become unpopular since then , partially because of their lack of grounding ( natural context ) and rigidity . Despite these shortcomings we do believe in the virtues of this approach , at least with regard to the acquisition of basic linguistic reflexes or skills ( automatisms ) , necessary to survive in the new language . Of course , the method needs improvement , and we will show here how this can be achieved . Unlike tapes or books , computers are open media , allowing for dynamic changes , taking users' performances and preferences into account . Building an electronic version of PDs amounts to building an open resource , accomodatable to the users ' ever changing needs .
