0710.0116	cs.IT math.IT	Distributed MIMO receiver - Achievable rates and upper bounds	In this paper we investigate the achievable rate of a system that includes a nomadic transmitter with several antennas , which is received by multiple agents , exhibiting independent channel gains and additive circular-symmetric complex Gaussian noise . In the nomadic regime , we assume that the agents do not have any decoding ability . These agents process their channel observations and forward them to the final destination through lossless links with a fixed capacity . We propose new achievable rates based on elementary compression and also on a Wyner-Ziv ( CEO-like ) processing , for both fast fading and block fading channels , as well as for general discrete channels . The simpler two agents scheme is solved , up to an implicit equation with a single variable . Limiting the nomadic transmitter to a circular-symmetric complex Gaussian signalling , new upper bounds are derived for both fast and block fading , based on the vector version of the entropy power inequality . These bounds are then compared to the achievable rates in several extreme scenarios . The asymptotic setting with numbers of agents and transmitter 's antennas taken to infinity is analyzed . In addition , the upper bounds are analytically shown to be tight in several examples , while numerical calculations reveal a rather small gap in a finite $ 2\times2 $ setting . The advantage of the Wyner-Ziv approach over elementary compression is shown where only the former can achieve the full diversity-multiplexing tradeoff . We also consider the non-nomadic setting , with agents that can decode . Here we give an achievable rate , over fast fading channel , which combines broadcast with dirty paper coding and the decentralized reception , which was introduced for the nomadic setting .
0710.0142	cs.IT math.IT	LDPC codes in the McEliece cryptosystem : attacks and countermeasures	The McEliece cryptosystem is a public-key cryptosystem based on coding theory that has successfully resisted cryptanalysis for thirty years . The original version , based on Goppa codes , is able to guarantee a high level of security , and is faster than competing solutions , like RSA . Despite this , it has been rarely considered in practical applications , due to two major drawbacks : i ) large size of the public key and ii ) low transmission rate . Low-Density Parity-Check ( LDPC ) codes are state-of-art forward error correcting codes that permit to approach the Shannon limit while ensuring limited complexity . Quasi-Cyclic ( QC ) LDPC codes are a particular class of LDPC codes , able to join low complexity encoding of QC codes with high-performing and low-complexity decoding of LDPC codes . In a previous work it has been proposed to adopt a particular family of QC-LDPC codes in the McEliece cryptosystem to reduce the key size and increase the transmission rate . Recently , however , new attacks have been found that are able to exploit a flaw in the transformation from the private key to the public one . Such attacks can be effectively countered by changing the form of some constituent matrices , without altering the system parameters . This work gives an overview of the QC-LDPC codes-based McEliece cryptosystem and its cryptanalysis . Two recent versions are considered , and their ability to counter all the currently known attacks is discussed . A third version able to reach a higher security level is also proposed . Finally , it is shown that the new QC-LDPC codes-based cryptosystem scales favorably with the key length .
0710.0192	cs.IT math.IT	Binary quantization using Belief Propagation with decimation over factor graphs of LDGM codes	We propose a new algorithm for binary quantization based on the Belief Propagation algorithm with decimation over factor graphs of Low Density Generator Matrix ( LDGM ) codes . This algorithm , which we call Bias Propagation ( BiP ) , can be considered as a special case of the Survey Propagation algorithm proposed for binary quantization by Wainwright et al . [ 8 ] . It achieves the same near-optimal rate-distortion performance with a substantially simpler framework and 10-100 times faster implementation . We thus challenge the widespread belief that binary quantization based on sparse linear codes can not be solved by simple Belief Propagation algorithms . Finally , we give examples of suitably irregular LDGM codes that work with the BiP algorithm and show their performance .
0710.0291	cs.IT math.IT	On Outage Behavior of Wideband Slow-Fading Channels	This paper investigates point-to-point information transmission over a wideband slow-fading channel , modeled as an ( asymptotically ) large number of independent identically distributed parallel channels , with the random channel fading realizations remaining constant over the entire coding block . On the one hand , in the wideband limit the minimum achievable energy per nat required for reliable transmission , as a random variable , converges in probability to certain deterministic quantity . On the other hand , the exponential decay rate of the outage probability , termed as the wideband outage exponent , characterizes how the number of parallel channels , { \it i.e . } , the `` bandwidth '' , should asymptotically scale in order to achieve a targeted outage probability at a targeted energy per nat . We examine two scenarios : when the transmitter has no channel state information and adopts uniform transmit power allocation among parallel channels ; and when the transmitter is endowed with an one-bit channel state feedback for each parallel channel and accordingly allocates its transmit power . For both scenarios , we evaluate the wideband minimum energy per nat and the wideband outage exponent , and discuss their implication for system performance .
