0710.3916	cs.NI cs.PF	Optimized Design of Survivable MPLS over Optical Transport Networks . Optical Switching and Networking	In this paper we study different options for the survivability implementation in MPLS over Optical Transport Networks in terms of network resource usage and configuration cost . We investigate two approaches to the survivability deployment : single layer and multilayer survivability and present various methods for spare capacity allocation ( SCA ) to reroute disrupted traffic . The comparative analysis shows the influence of the traffic granularity on the survivability cost : for high bandwidth LSPs , close to the optical channel capacity , the multilayer survivability outperforms the single layer one , whereas for low bandwidth LSPs the single layer survivability is more cost-efficient . For the multilayer survivability we demonstrate that by mapping efficiently the spare capacity of the MPLS layer onto the resources of the optical layer one can achieve up to 22 % savings in the total configuration cost and up to 37 % in the optical layer cost . Further savings ( up to 9 % ) in the wavelength use can be obtained with the integrated approach to network configuration over the sequential one , however , at the increase in the optimization problem complexity . These results are based on a cost model with actual technology pricing and were obtained for networks targeted to a nationwide coverage .
0710.3917	cs.NI	Heuristic Solution to Protect Communications in WDM Networks using P-cycles	Optical WDM mesh networks are able to transport huge amount of information . The use of such technology however poses the problem of protection against failures such as fibre cuts . One of the principal methods for link protection used in optical WDM networks is pre-configured protection cycle ( p-cycle ) . The major problem of this method of protection resides in finding the optimal set of p-cycles which protect the network for a given distribution of working capacity . Existing heuristics generate a large set of p-cycle candidates which are entirely independent of the network state , and from then the good sub-set of p-cycles which will protect the network is selected . In this paper , we propose a new algorithm of generation of p-cycles based on the incremental aggregation of the shortest cycles . Our generation of p-cycles depends on the state of the network . This enables us to choose an efficient set of p-cycles which will protect the network . The set of p-cycles that we generate is the final set which will protect the network , in other words our heuristic does not go through the additional step of p-cycle selection
0710.3918	cs.NI	Dependable k-coverage algorithms for sensor networks	Redundant sensing capabilities are often required in sensor network applications due to various reasons , e.g . robustness , fault tolerance , or increased accuracy . At the same time high sensor redundancy offers the possibility of increasing network lifetime by scheduling sleep intervals for some sensors and still providing continuous service with help of the remaining active sensors . In this paper centralized and distributed algorithms are proposed to solve the k-coverage sensing problem and maximize network lifetime . When physically possible , the proposed robust Controlled Greedy Sleep Algorithm provides guaranteed service independently of node and communication errors in the network . The performance of the algorithm is illustrated and compared to results of a random solution by simulation examples .
0710.3955	cs.NI cs.PF	On the Behavior of the Distributed Coordination Function of IEEE 802.11 with Multirate Capability under General Transmission Conditions	The aim of this paper is threefold . First , it presents a multi-dimensional Markovian state transition model characterizing the behavior of the IEEE 802.11 protocol at the Medium Access Control layer which accounts for packet transmission failures due to channel errors modeling both saturated and non-saturated traffic conditions . Second , it provides a throughput analysis of the IEEE 802.11 protocol at the data link layer in both saturated and non-saturated traffic conditions taking into account the impact of both the physical propagation channel and multirate transmission in Rayleigh fading environment . The general traffic model assumed is M/M/1/K . Finally , it shows that the behavior of the throughput in non-saturated traffic conditions is a linear combination of two system parameters ; the payload size and the packet rates , $ \lambda^ { ( s ) } $ , of each contending station . The validity interval of the proposed model is also derived . Simulation results closely match the theoretical derivations , confirming the effectiveness of the proposed models .
0710.3961	cs.CC	On a New Type of Information Processing for Efficient Management of Complex Systems	It is a challenge to manage complex systems efficiently without confronting NP-hard problems . To address the situation we suggest to use self-organization processes of prime integer relations for information processing . Self-organization processes of prime integer relations define correlation structures of a complex system and can be equivalently represented by transformations of two-dimensional geometrical patterns determining the dynamics of the system and revealing its structural complexity . Computational experiments raise the possibility of an optimality condition of complex systems presenting the structural complexity of a system as a key to its optimization . From this perspective the optimization of a system could be all about the control of the structural complexity of the system to make it consistent with the structural complexity of the problem . The experiments also indicate that the performance of a complex system may behave as a concave function of the structural complexity . Therefore , once the structural complexity could be controlled as a single entity , the optimization of a complex system would be potentially reduced to a one-dimensional concave optimization irrespective of the number of variables involved its description . This might open a way to a new type of information processing for efficient management of complex systems .
