0706.1860	cs.MA cs.NI	FIPA-based Interoperable Agent Mobility Proposal	This paper presents a proposal for a flexible agent mobility architecture based on IEEE-FIPA standards and intended to be one of them . This proposal is a first step towards interoperable mobility mechanisms , which are needed for future agent migration between different kinds of platforms . Our proposal is presented as a flexible and robust architecture that has been successfully implemented in the JADE and AgentScape platforms . It is based on an open set of protocols , allowing new protocols and future improvements to be accommodated in the architecture . With this proposal we demonstrate that a standard architecture for agent mobility capable of supporting several agent platforms can be defined and implemented .
0706.1926	cs.CV cs.CY	Towards understanding and modelling office daily life	Measuring and modeling human behavior is a very complex task . In this paper we present our initial thoughts on modeling and automatic recognition of some human activities in an office . We argue that to successfully model human activities , we need to consider both individual behavior and group dynamics . To demonstrate these theoretical approaches , we introduce an experimental system for analyzing everyday activity in our office .
0706.2010	cs.CR	Information-theoretic security without an honest majority	We present six multiparty protocols with information-theoretic security that tolerate an arbitrary number of corrupt participants . All protocols assume pairwise authentic private channels and a broadcast channel ( in a single case , we require a simultaneous broadcast channel ) . We give protocols for veto , vote , anonymous bit transmission , collision detection , notification and anonymous message transmission . Not assuming an honest majority , in most cases , a single corrupt participant can make the protocol abort . All protocols achieve functionality never obtained before without the use of either computational assumptions or of an honest majority .
0706.2025	cs.CR cs.NI	On the Performance Evaluation of Encounter-based Worm Interactions Based on Node Characteristics	An encounter-based network is a frequently disconnected wireless ad-hoc network requiring nearby neighbors to store and forward data utilizing mobility and encounters over time . Using traditional approaches such as gateways or firewalls for deterring worm propagation in encounter-based networks is inappropriate . Because this type of network is highly dynamic and has no specific boundary , a distributed counter-worm mechanism is needed . We propose models for the worm interaction approach that relies upon automated beneficial worm generation to alleviate problems of worm propagation in such networks . We study and analyze the impact of key mobile node characteristics including node cooperation , immunization , on-off behavior on the worm propagations and interactions . We validate our proposed model using extensive simulations . We also find that , in addition to immunization , cooperation can reduce the level of worm infection . Furthermore , on-off behavior linearly impacts only timing aspect but not the overall infection . Using realistic mobile network measurements , we find that encounters are non-uniform , the trends are consistent with the model but the magnitudes are drastically different . Immunization seems to be the most effective in such scenarios . These findings provide insight that we hope would aid to develop counter-worm protocols in future encounter-based networks .
0706.2033	cs.IT math.IT	Power Allocation for Discrete-Input Delay-Limited Fading Channels	We consider power allocation algorithms for fixed-rate transmission over Nakagami-m non-ergodic block-fading channels with perfect transmitter and receiver channel state information and discrete input signal constellations , under both short- and long-term power constraints . Optimal power allocation schemes are shown to be direct applications of previous results in the literature . We show that the SNR exponent of the optimal short-term scheme is given by m times the Singleton bound . We also illustrate the significant gains available by employing long-term power constraints . In particular , we analyze the optimal long-term solution , showing that zero outage can be achieved provided that the corresponding short-term SNR exponent with the same system parameters is strictly greater than one . Conversely , if the short-term SNR exponent is smaller than one , we show that zero outage can not be achieved . In this case , we derive the corresponding long-term SNR exponent as a function of the Singleton bound . Due to the nature of the expressions involved , the complexity of optimal schemes may be prohibitive for system implementation . We therefore propose simple sub-optimal power allocation schemes whose outage probability performance is very close to the minimum outage probability obtained by optimal schemes . We also show the applicability of these techniques to practical systems employing orthogonal frequency division multiplexing .
