0708.1049	cs.RO	An Interval Analysis Based Study for the Design and the Comparison of 3-DOF Parallel Kinematic Machines	This paper addresses an interval analysis based study that is applied to the design and the comparison of 3-DOF parallel kinematic machines . Two design criteria are used , ( i ) a regular workspace shape and , ( ii ) a kinetostatic performance index that needs to be as homogeneous as possible throughout the workspace . The interval analysis based method takes these two criteria into account : on the basis of prescribed kinetostatic performances , the workspace is analysed to find out the largest regular dextrous workspace enclosed in the Cartesian workspace . An algorithm describing this method is introduced . Two 3-DOF translational parallel mechanisms designed for machining applications are compared using this method . The first machine features three fixed linear joints which are mounted orthogonally and the second one features three linear joints which are mounted in parallel . In both cases , the mobile platform moves in the Cartesian x-y-z space with fixed orientation .
0708.1078	cs.IT math.IT	Nearly MDS expander codes with reduced alphabet size	Recently , Roth and Skachek proposed two methods for constructing nearly maximum-distance separable ( MDS ) expander codes . We show that through the simple modification of using mixed-alphabet codes derived from MDS codes as constituent codes in their code designs , one can obtain nearly MDS codes of significantly smaller alphabet size , albeit at the expense of a ( very slight ) reduction in code rate .
0708.1116	cs.CE cond-mat.stat-mech	A variant of the Recoil Growth algorithm to generate multi-polymer systems	The Recoil Growth algorithm , proposed in 1999 by Consta et al. , is one of the most efficient algorithm available in the literature to sample from a multi-polymer system . Such problems are closely related to the generation of self-avoiding paths . In this paper , we study a variant of the original Recoil Growth algorithm , where we constrain the generation of a new polymer to take place on a specific class of graphs . This makes it possible to make a fine trade-off between computational cost and success rate . We moreover give a simple proof for a lower bound on the irreducibility of this new algorithm , which applies to the original algorithm as well .
0708.1150	cs.DL cs.AI	A Practical Ontology for the Large-Scale Modeling of Scholarly Artifacts and their Usage	The large-scale analysis of scholarly artifact usage is constrained primarily by current practices in usage data archiving , privacy issues concerned with the dissemination of usage data , and the lack of a practical ontology for modeling the usage domain . As a remedy to the third constraint , this article presents a scholarly ontology that was engineered to represent those classes for which large-scale bibliographic and usage data exists , supports usage research , and whose instantiation is scalable to the order of 50 million articles along with their associated artifacts ( e.g . authors and journals ) and an accompanying 1 billion usage events . The real world instantiation of the presented abstract ontology is a semantic network model of the scholarly community which lends the scholarly process to statistical analysis and computational support . We present the ontology , discuss its instantiation , and provide some example inference rules for calculating various scholarly artifact metrics .
0708.1179	cs.IT math.IT	Diversity-Multiplexing Tradeoff of Asynchronous Cooperative Diversity in Wireless Networks	Synchronization of relay nodes is an important and critical issue in exploiting cooperative diversity in wireless networks . In this paper , two asynchronous cooperative diversity schemes are proposed , namely , distributed delay diversity and asynchronous space-time coded cooperative diversity schemes . In terms of the overall diversity-multiplexing ( DM ) tradeoff function , we show that the proposed independent coding based distributed delay diversity and asynchronous space-time coded cooperative diversity schemes achieve the same performance as the synchronous space-time coded approach which requires an accurate symbol-level timing synchronization to ensure signals arriving at the destination from different relay nodes are perfectly synchronized . This demonstrates diversity order is maintained even at the presence of asynchronism between relay node . Moreover , when all relay nodes succeed in decoding the source information , the asynchronous space-time coded approach is capable of achieving better DM-tradeoff than synchronous schemes and performs equivalently to transmitting information through a parallel fading channel as far as the DM-tradeoff is concerned . Our results suggest the benefits of fully exploiting the space-time degrees of freedom in multiple antenna systems by employing asynchronous space-time codes even in a frequency flat fading channel . In addition , it is shown asynchronous space-time coded systems are able to achieve higher mutual information than synchronous space-time coded systems for any finite signal-to-noise-ratio ( SNR ) when properly selected baseband waveforms are employed .
