0705.1583	cs.NI	Wireless Networking to Support Data and Voice Communication Using Spread Spectrum Technology in The Physical Layer	Wireless networking is rapidly growing and becomes an inexpensive technology which allows multiple users to simultaneously access the network and the internet while roaming about the campus . In the present work , the software development of a wireless LAN ( WLAN ) is highlighted . This WLAN utilizes direct sequence spread spectrum ( DSSS ) technology at 902MHz RF carrier frequency in its physical layer . Cost effective installation and antijaming property of spread spectrum technology are the major advantages of this work .
0705.1585	cs.LG	HMM Speaker Identification Using Linear and Non-linear Merging Techniques	Speaker identification is a powerful , non-invasive and in-expensive biometric technique . The recognition accuracy , however , deteriorates when noise levels affect a specific band of frequency . In this paper , we present a sub-band based speaker identification that intends to improve the live testing performance . Each frequency sub-band is processed and classified independently . We also compare the linear and non-linear merging techniques for the sub-bands recognizer . Support vector machines and Gaussian Mixture models are the non-linear merging techniques that are investigated . Results showed that the sub-band based method used with linear merging techniques enormously improved the performance of the speaker identification over the performance of wide-band recognizers when tested live . A live testing improvement of 9.78 % was achieved
0705.1612	cs.IT math.IT	A Class of LDPC Erasure Distributions with Closed-Form Threshold Expression	In this paper , a family of low-density parity-check ( LDPC ) degree distributions , whose decoding threshold on the binary erasure channel ( BEC ) admits a simple closed form , is presented . These degree distributions are a subset of the check regular distributions ( i.e . all the check nodes have the same degree ) , and are referred to as $ p $ -positive distributions . It is given proof that the threshold for a $ p $ -positive distribution is simply expressed by $ [ \lambda ' ( 0 ) \rho ' ( 1 ) ] ^ { -1 } $ . Besides this closed form threshold expression , the $ p $ -positive distributions exhibit three additional properties . First , for given code rate , check degree and maximum variable degree , they are in some cases characterized by a threshold which is extremely close to that of the best known check regular distributions , under the same set of constraints . Second , the threshold optimization problem within the $ p $ -positive class can be solved in some cases with analytic methods , without using any numerical optimization tool . Third , these distributions can achieve the BEC capacity . The last property is shown by proving that the well-known binomial degree distributions belong to the $ p $ -positive family .
0705.1672	cs.CE	Principal Component Analysis and Automatic Relevance Determination in Damage Identification	This paper compares two neural network input selection schemes , the Principal Component Analysis ( PCA ) and the Automatic Relevance Determination ( ARD ) based on Mac-Kay 's evidence framework . The PCA takes all the input data and projects it onto a lower dimension space , thereby reduc-ing the dimension of the input space . This input reduction method often results with parameters that have significant influence on the dynamics of the data being diluted by those that do not influence the dynamics of the data . The ARD selects the most relevant input parameters and discards those that do not contribute significantly to the dynamics of the data being modelled . The ARD sometimes results with important input parameters being discarded thereby compromising the dynamics of the data . The PCA and ARD methods are implemented together with a Multi-Layer-Perceptron ( MLP ) network for fault identification in structures and the performance of the two methods is as-sessed . It is observed that ARD and PCA give similar accu-racy levels when used as input-selection schemes . There-fore , the choice of input-selection scheme is dependent on the nature of the data being processed .
0705.1673	cs.CE cs.AI cs.NE	Using artificial intelligence for data reduction in mechanical engineering	In this paper artificial neural networks and support vector machines are used to reduce the amount of vibration data that is required to estimate the Time Domain Average of a gear vibration signal . Two models for estimating the time domain average of a gear vibration signal are proposed . The models are tested on data from an accelerated gear life test rig . Experimental results indicate that the required data for calculating the Time Domain Average of a gear vibration signal can be reduced by up to 75 % when the proposed models are implemented .
0705.1674	cs.CE cs.CV	Evolutionary Optimisation Methods for Template Based Image Registration	This paper investigates the use of evolutionary optimisation techniques to register a template with a scene image . An error function is created to measure the correspondence of the template to the image . The problem presented here is to optimise the horizontal , vertical and scaling parameters that register the template with the scene . The Genetic Algorithm , Simulated Annealing and Particle Swarm Optimisations are compared to a Nelder-Mead Simplex optimisation with starting points chosen in a pre-processing stage . The paper investigates the precision and accuracy of each method and shows that all four methods perform favourably for image registration . SA is the most precise , GA is the most accurate . PSO is a good mix of both and the Simplex method returns local minima the most . A pre-processing stage should be investigated for the evolutionary methods in order to improve performance . Discrete versions of the optimisation methods should be investigated to further improve computational performance .
0705.1680	cs.CE cs.NE	Option Pricing Using Bayesian Neural Networks	Options have provided a field of much study because of the complexity involved in pricing them . The Black-Scholes equations were developed to price options but they are only valid for European styled options . There is added complexity when trying to price American styled options and this is why the use of neural networks has been proposed . Neural Networks are able to predict outcomes based on past data . The inputs to the networks here are stock volatility , strike price and time to maturity with the output of the network being the call option price . There are two techniques for Bayesian neural networks used . One is Automatic Relevance Determination ( for Gaussian Approximation ) and one is a Hybrid Monte Carlo method , both used with Multi-Layer Perceptrons .
0705.1682	cs.IT math.IT	Capacity of Underspread Noncoherent WSSUS Fading Channels under Peak Signal Constraints	We characterize the capacity of the general class of noncoherent underspread wide-sense stationary uncorrelated scattering ( WSSUS ) time-frequency-selective Rayleigh fading channels , under peak constraints in time and frequency and in time only . Capacity upper and lower bounds are found which are explicit in the channel 's scattering function and allow to identify the capacity-maximizing bandwidth for a given scattering function and a given peak-to-average power ratio .
