0712.2497	cs.NI cs.LG	A New Theoretic Foundation for Cross-Layer Optimization	Cross-layer optimization solutions have been proposed in recent years to improve the performance of network users operating in a time-varying , error-prone wireless environment . However , these solutions often rely on ad-hoc optimization approaches , which ignore the different environmental dynamics experienced at various layers by a user and violate the layered network architecture of the protocol stack by requiring layers to provide access to their internal protocol parameters to other layers . This paper presents a new theoretic foundation for cross-layer optimization , which allows each layer to make autonomous decisions individually , while maximizing the utility of the wireless user by optimally determining what information needs to be exchanged among layers . Hence , this cross-layer framework does not change the current layered architecture . Specifically , because the wireless user interacts with the environment at various layers of the protocol stack , the cross-layer optimization problem is formulated as a layered Markov decision process ( MDP ) in which each layer adapts its own protocol parameters and exchanges information ( messages ) with other layers in order to cooperatively maximize the performance of the wireless user . The message exchange mechanism for determining the optimal cross-layer transmission strategies has been designed for both off-line optimization and on-line dynamic adaptation . We also show that many existing cross-layer optimization algorithms can be formulated as simplified , sub-optimal , versions of our layered MDP framework .
0712.2501	cs.OH	Cell mapping description for digital control system with quantization effect	Quantization problem in digital control system have attracted more and more attention in these years . Normally , a quantized variable is regarded as a perturbed copy of the unquantized variable in the research of quantization effect , but this model has shown many obvious disadvantages in control system analysis and design process . In this paper , we give a new model for quantization based 'cell mapping ' concept . This cell model could clearly describe the global dynamics of quantized digital system . Then some important characteristics of control system like controllability are analyzed by this model . The finite precision control design method based on cell concept is also presented .
0712.2552	cs.IT cs.DM math.CO math.IT	The PBD-Closure of Constant-Composition Codes	We show an interesting PBD-closure result for the set of lengths of constant-composition codes whose distance and size meet certain conditions . A consequence of this PBD-closure result is that the size of optimal constant-composition codes can be determined for infinite families of parameter sets from just a single example of an optimal code . As an application , the size of several infinite families of optimal constant-composition codes are derived . In particular , the problem of determining the size of optimal constant-composition codes having distance four and weight three is solved for all lengths sufficiently large . This problem was previously unresolved for odd lengths , except for lengths seven and eleven .
0712.2553	cs.IT cs.DM math.CO math.IT	Constructions for Difference Triangle Sets	Difference triangle sets are useful in many practical problems of information transmission . This correspondence studies combinatorial and computational constructions for difference triangle sets having small scopes . Our algorithms have been used to produce difference triangle sets whose scopes are the best currently known .
