0709.2410	cs.MA cs.DC	Distributed Decision Through Self-Synchronizing Sensor Networks in the Presence of Propagation Delays and Asymmetric Channels	In this paper we propose and analyze a distributed algorithm for achieving globally optimal decisions , either estimation or detection , through a self-synchronization mechanism among linearly coupled integrators initialized with local measurements . We model the interaction among the nodes as a directed graph with weights ( possibly ) dependent on the radio channels and we pose special attention to the effect of the propagation delay occurring in the exchange of data among sensors , as a function of the network geometry . We derive necessary and sufficient conditions for the proposed system to reach a consensus on globally optimal decision statistics . One of the major results proved in this work is that a consensus is reached with exponential convergence speed for any bounded delay condition if and only if the directed graph is quasi-strongly connected . We provide a closed form expression for the global consensus , showing that the effect of delays is , in general , the introduction of a bias in the final decision . Finally , we exploit our closed form expression to devise a double-step consensus mechanism able to provide an unbiased estimate with minimum extra complexity , without the need to know or estimate the channel parameters .
0709.2445	cs.IT cs.GT math.IT	A Simple Characterization of Strategic Behaviors in Broadcast Channels	In this paper , we consider the problem of resource allocation among two competing users sharing a binary symmetric broadcast channel . We model the interaction between autonomous selfish users in the resource allocation and analyze their strategic behavior in manipulating the allocation outcome . We analytically show that users will improve their performance ( i.e . gain higher allocated rates ) if they have more information about the strategy of the competing user .
0709.2446	cs.LG cs.GT	Learning for Dynamic Bidding in Cognitive Radio Resources	In this paper , we model the various wireless users in a cognitive radio network as a collection of selfish , autonomous agents that strategically interact in order to acquire the dynamically available spectrum opportunities . Our main focus is on developing solutions for wireless users to successfully compete with each other for the limited and time-varying spectrum opportunities , given the experienced dynamics in the wireless network . We categorize these dynamics into two types : one is the disturbance due to the environment ( e.g . wireless channel conditions , source traffic characteristics , etc . ) and the other is the impact caused by competing users . To analyze the interactions among users given the environment disturbance , we propose a general stochastic framework for modeling how the competition among users for spectrum opportunities evolves over time . At each stage of the dynamic resource allocation , a central spectrum moderator auctions the available resources and the users strategically bid for the required resources . The joint bid actions affect the resource allocation and hence , the rewards and future strategies of all users . Based on the observed resource allocation and corresponding rewards from previous allocations , we propose a best response learning algorithm that can be deployed by wireless users to improve their bidding policy at each stage . The simulation results show that by deploying the proposed best response learning algorithm , the wireless users can significantly improve their own performance in terms of both the packet loss rate and the incurred cost for the used resources .
