0705.0693	cs.AI	Learning to Bluff	The act of bluffing confounds game designers to this day . The very nature of bluffing is even open for debate , adding further complication to the process of creating intelligent virtual players that can bluff , and hence play , realistically . Through the use of intelligent , learning agents , and carefully designed agent outlooks , an agent can in fact learn to predict its opponents reactions based not only on its own cards , but on the actions of those around it . With this wider scope of understanding , an agent can in learn to bluff its opponents , with the action representing not an illogical action , as bluffing is often viewed , but rather as an act of maximising returns through an effective statistical optimisation . By using a tee dee lambda learning algorithm to continuously adapt neural network agent intelligence , agents have been shown to be able to learn to bluff without outside prompting , and even to learn to call each others bluffs in free , competitive play .
0705.0856	cs.RO	The Multiobjective Optimization of a Prismatic Drive	The multiobjective optimization of Slide-o-Cam is reported in this paper . Slide-o-Cam is a cam mechanism with multiple rollers mounted on a common translating follower . This transmission provides pure-rolling motion , thereby reducing the friction of rack-and-pinions and linear drives . A Pareto frontier is obtained by means of multiobjective optimization . This optimization is based on three objective functions : ( i ) the pressure angle , which is a suitable performance index for the transmission because it determines the amount of force transmitted to the load vs. that transmitted to the machine frame ; ( ii ) the Hertz pressure used to evaluate the stresses produced on the contact surface between cam and roller ; and ( iii ) the size of the mechanism , characterized by the number of cams and their width .
0705.0909	cs.GT cs.IT math.IT	Game-Theoretic Power Control in Impulse Radio UWB Wireless Networks	In this paper , a game-theoretic model for studying power control for wireless data networks in frequency-selective multipath environments is analyzed . The uplink of an impulse-radio ultrawideband system is considered . The effects of self-interference and multiple-access interference on the performance of Rake receivers are investigated for synchronous systems . Focusing on energy efficiency , a noncooperative game is proposed in which users in the network are allowed to choose their transmit powers to maximize their own utilities , and the Nash equilibrium for the proposed game is derived . It is shown that , due to the frequency selective multipath , the noncooperative solution is achieved at different signal-to-interference-plus-noise ratios , respectively of the channel realization . A large-system analysis is performed to derive explicit expressions for the achieved utilities . The Pareto-optimal ( cooperative ) solution is also discussed and compared with the noncooperative approach .
0705.0915	cs.CC	Satisfiability Parsimoniously Reduces to the Tantrix ( TM ) Rotation Puzzle Problem	Holzer and Holzer ( Discrete Applied Mathematics 144 ( 3 ) :345 -- 358 , 2004 ) proved that the Tantrix ( TM ) rotation puzzle problem is NP-complete . They also showed that for infinite rotation puzzles , this problem becomes undecidable . We study the counting version and the unique version of this problem . We prove that the satisfiability problem parsimoniously reduces to the Tantrix ( TM ) rotation puzzle problem . In particular , this reduction preserves the uniqueness of the solution , which implies that the unique Tantrix ( TM ) rotation puzzle problem is as hard as the unique satisfiability problem , and so is DP-complete under polynomial-time randomized reductions , where DP is the second level of the boolean hierarchy over NP .
0705.0932	cs.IT math.IT	Variable-Rate Distributed Source Coding in the Presence of Byzantine Sensors	The distributed source coding problem is considered when the sensors , or encoders , are under Byzantine attack ; that is , an unknown number of sensors have been reprogrammed by a malicious intruder to undermine the reconstruction at the fusion center . Three different forms of the problem are considered . The first is a variable-rate setup , in which the decoder adaptively chooses the rates at which the sensors transmit . An explicit characterization of the variable-rate minimum achievable sum rate is stated , given by the maximum entropy over the set of distributions indistinguishable from the true source distribution by the decoder . In addition , two forms of the fixed-rate problem are considered , one with deterministic coding and one with randomized coding . The achievable rate regions are given for both these problems , with a larger region achievable using randomized coding , though both are suboptimal compared to variable-rate coding .
0705.0936	cs.GT cs.IT math.IT	Performance Comparison of Energy-Efficient Power Control for CDMA and Multiuser UWB Networks	This paper studies the performance of a wireless data network using energy-efficient power control techniques when different multiple access schemes , namely direct-sequence code division multiple access ( DS-CDMA ) and impulse-radio ultrawideband ( IR-UWB ) , are considered . Due to the large bandwidth of the system , the multipath channel is assumed to be frequency-selective . By making use of noncooperative game-theoretic models and large-system analysis tools , explicit expressions for the achieved utilities at the Nash equilibrium are derived in terms of the network parameters . A measure of the loss of DS-CDMA with respect to IR-UWB is proposed , which proves substantial equivalence between the two schemes . Simulation results are provided to validate the analysis .
0705.0952	cs.CV	An Independent Evaluation of Subspace Face Recognition Algorithms	This paper explores a comparative study of both the linear and kernel implementations of three of the most popular Appearance-based Face Recognition projection classes , these being the methodologies of Principal Component Analysis , Linear Discriminant Analysis and Independent Component Analysis . The experimental procedure provides a platform of equal working conditions and examines the ten algorithms in the categories of expression , illumination , occlusion and temporal delay . The results are then evaluated based on a sequential combination of assessment tools that facilitate both intuitive and statistical decisiveness among the intra and interclass comparisons . The best categorical algorithms are then incorporated into a hybrid methodology , where the advantageous effects of fusion strategies are considered .
0705.0956	cs.RO	On Isotropic Sets of Points in the Plane . Application to the Design of Robot Archirectures	Various performance indices are used for the design of serial manipulators . One method of optimization relies on the condition number of the Jacobian matrix . The minimization of the condition number leads , under certain conditions , to isotropic configurations , for which the roundoff-error amplification is lowest . In this paper , the isotropy conditions , introduced elsewhere , are the motivation behind the introduction of isotropic sets of points . By connecting together these points , we define families of isotropic manipulators . This paper is devoted to planar manipulators , the concepts being currently extended to their spatial counterparts . Furthermore , only manipulators with revolute joints are considered here .
0705.0959	cs.RO	The Kinematic Analysis of a Symmetrical Three-Degree-of-Freedom Planar Parallel Manipulator	Presented in this paper is the kinematic analysis of a symmetrical three-degree-of-freedom planar parallel manipulator . In opposite to serial manipulators , parallel manipulators can admit not only multiple inverse kinematic solutions , but also multiple direct kinematic solutions . This property produces more complicated kinematic models but allows more flexibility in trajectory planning . To take into account this property , the notion of aspects , i.e . the maximal singularity-free domains , was introduced , based on the notion of working modes , which makes it possible to separate the inverse kinematic solutions . The aim of this paper is to show that a non-singular assembly-mode changing trajectory exist for a symmetrical planar parallel manipulator , with equilateral base and platform triangle .
0705.0960	cs.RO	Uniqueness Domains in the Workspace of Parallel Manipulators	This work investigates new kinematic features of parallel manipulators . It is well known that parallel manipulators admit generally several direct kinematic solutions for a given set of input joint values . The aim of this paper is to characterize the uniqueness domains in the workspace of parallel manipulators , as well as their image in the joint space . The study focuses on the most usual case of parallel manipulators with only one inverse kinematic solution . The notion of aspect introduced for serial manipulators in [ Borrel 86 ] is redefined for such parallel manipulators . Then , it is shown that it is possible to link several solutions to the forward kinematic problem without meeting a singularity , thus meaning that the aspects are not uniqueness domains . An additional set of surfaces , namely the characteristic surfaces , are characterized which divide the workspace into basic regions and yield new uniqueness domains . This study is illustrated all along the paper with a 3-RPR planar parallel manipulator . An octree model of spaces is used to compute the joint space , the workspace and all other newly defined sets .
0705.0961	cs.RO	The Kinematic design of a 3-dof Hybrid Manipulator	This paper focuses on the kinematic properties of a new three-degree-of-freedom hybrid manipulator . This manipulator is obtained by adding in series to a five-bar planar mechanism ( similar to the one studied by Bajpai and Roth ) a third revolute passing through the line of centers of the two actuated revolute joints of the above linkage . The resulting architecture is hybrid in that it has both serial and parallel links . Fully-parallel manipulators are known for the existence of particularly undesirable singularities ( referred to as parallel singularities ) where control is lost [ 4 ] and [ 6 ] . On the other hand , due to their cantilever type of kinematic arrangement , fully serial manipulators suffer from a lack of stiffness and from relatively large positioning errors . The hybrid manipulator studied is intrinsically stiffer and more accurate . Furthermore , since all actuators are located on the first axis , the inertial effects are considerably reduced . In addition , it is shown that the special kinematic structure of our manipulator has the potential of avoiding parallel singularities by a suitable choice of the `` working mode '' , thus leading to larger workspaces . The influence of the different structural dimensions ( e.g . the link lengths ) on the kinematic and mechanical properties are analysed in view of the optimal design of such hybrid manipulators .
0705.0962	cs.RO	Definition sets for the Direct Kinematics of Parallel Manipulators	The aim of this paper is to characterize the uniqueness domains in the workspace of parallel manipulators , as well as their image in the joint space . The notion of aspect introduced for serial manipulators in [ Borrel 86 ] is redefined for such parallel manipulators . Then , it is shown that it is possible to link several solutions to the direct kinematic problem without meeting a singularity , thus meaning that the aspects are not uniqueness domains . Additional surfaces are characterized in the workspace which yield new uniqueness domains . An octree model of spaces is used to compute the joint space , the workspace and all other newly defined sets . This study is illustrated all along the paper with a 3-RPR planar parallel manipulator .
0705.0965	cs.CR cs.CC	Improved Analysis of Kannan 's Shortest Lattice Vector Algorithm	The security of lattice-based cryptosystems such as NTRU , GGH and Ajtai-Dwork essentially relies upon the intractability of computing a shortest non-zero lattice vector and a closest lattice vector to a given target vector in high dimensions . The best algorithms for these tasks are due to Kannan , and , though remarkably simple , their complexity estimates have not been improved since more than twenty years . Kannan 's algorithm for solving the shortest vector problem is in particular crucial in Schnorr 's celebrated block reduction algorithm , on which are based the best known attacks against the lattice-based encryption schemes mentioned above . Understanding precisely Kannan 's algorithm is of prime importance for providing meaningful key-sizes . In this paper we improve the complexity analyses of Kannan 's algorithms and discuss the possibility of improving the underlying enumeration strategy .
0705.0969	cs.AI	Artificial Neural Networks and Support Vector Machines for Water Demand Time Series Forecasting	Water plays a pivotal role in many physical processes , and most importantly in sustaining human life , animal life and plant life . Water supply entities therefore have the responsibility to supply clean and safe water at the rate required by the consumer . It is therefore necessary to implement mechanisms and systems that can be employed to predict both short-term and long-term water demands . The increasingly growing field of computational intelligence techniques has been proposed as an efficient tool in the modelling of dynamic phenomena . The primary objective of this paper is to compare the efficiency of two computational intelligence techniques in water demand forecasting . The techniques under comparison are the Artificial Neural Networks ( ANNs ) and the Support Vector Machines ( SVMs ) . In this study it was observed that the ANNs perform better than the SVMs . This performance is measured against the generalisation ability of the two .
0705.0982	cs.RO	A New Three-DOF Parallel Mechanism : Milling Machine Applications	This paper describes a new parallel kinematic architecture for machining applications , namely , the orthoglide . This machine features three fixed parallel linear joints which are mounted orthogonally and a mobile platform which moves in the Cartesian x-y-z space with fixed orientation . The main interest of the orthoglide is that it takes benefit from the advantages of the popular PPP serial machines ( regular Cartesian workspace shape and uniform performances ) as well as from the parallel kinematic arrangement of the links ( less inertia and better dynamic performances ) , which makes the orthoglide well suited to high-speed machining applications . Possible extension of the orthoglide to 5-axis machining is also investigated .
0705.0999	cs.IT math.IT	Cellular Systems with Full-Duplex Amplify-and-Forward Relaying and Cooperative Base-Stations	In this paper the benefits provided by multi-cell processing of signals transmitted by mobile terminals which are received via dedicated relay terminals ( RTs ) are assessed . Unlike previous works , each RT is assumed here to be capable of full-duplex operation and receives the transmission of adjacent relay terminals . Focusing on intra-cell TDMA and non-fading channels , a simplified uplink cellular model introduced by Wyner is considered . This framework facilitates analytical derivation of the per-cell sum-rate of multi-cell and conventional single-cell receivers . In particular , the analysis is based on the observation that the signal received at the base stations can be interpreted as the outcome of a two-dimensional linear time invariant system . Numerical results are provided as well in order to provide further insight into the performance benefits of multi-cell processing with relaying .
0705.1013	cs.DL cs.CY	Tracking User Attention in Collaborative Tagging Communities	Collaborative tagging has recently attracted the attention of both industry and academia due to the popularity of content-sharing systems such as CiteULike , del.icio.us , and Flickr . These systems give users the opportunity to add data items and to attach their own metadata ( or tags ) to stored data . The result is an effective content management tool for individual users . Recent studies , however , suggest that , as tagging communities grow , the added content and the metadata become harder to manage due to an ease in content diversity . Thus , mechanisms that cope with increase of diversity are fundamental to improve the scalability and usability of collaborative tagging systems . This paper analyzes whether usage patterns can be harnessed to improve navigability in a growing knowledge space . To this end , it presents a characterization of two collaborative tagging communities that target scientific literature : CiteULike and Bibsonomy . We explore three main directions : First , we analyze the tagging activity distribution across the user population . Second , we define new metrics for similarity in user interest and use these metrics to uncover the structure of the tagging communities we study . The structure we uncover suggests a clear segmentation of interests into a large number of individuals with unique preferences and a core set of users with interspersed interests . Finally , we offer preliminary results that demonstrate that the interest-based structure of the tagging community can be used to facilitate content usage as communities scale .
