0704.1020	cs.LG cs.SC	The on-line shortest path problem under partial monitoring	The on-line shortest path problem is considered under various models of partial monitoring . Given a weighted directed acyclic graph whose edge weights can change in an arbitrary ( adversarial ) way , a decision maker has to choose in each round of a game a path between two distinguished vertices such that the loss of the chosen path ( defined as the sum of the weights of its composing edges ) be as small as possible . In a setting generalizing the multi-armed bandit problem , after choosing a path , the decision maker learns only the weights of those edges that belong to the chosen path . For this problem , an algorithm is given whose average cumulative loss in n rounds exceeds that of the best path , matched off-line to the entire sequence of the edge weights , by a quantity that is proportional to 1/\sqrt { n } and depends only polynomially on the number of edges of the graph . The algorithm can be implemented with linear complexity in the number of rounds n and in the number of edges . An extension to the so-called label efficient setting is also given , in which the decision maker is informed about the weights of the edges corresponding to the chosen path at a total of m < < n time instances . Another extension is shown where the decision maker competes against a time-varying path , a generalization of the problem of tracking the best expert . A version of the multi-armed bandit setting for shortest path is also discussed where the decision maker learns only the total weight of the chosen path but not the weights of the individual edges on the path . Applications to routing in packet switched networks along with simulation results are also presented .
0704.1028	cs.LG cs.AI cs.NE	A neural network approach to ordinal regression	Ordinal regression is an important type of learning , which has properties of both classification and regression . Here we describe a simple and effective approach to adapt a traditional neural network to learn ordinal categories . Our approach is a generalization of the perceptron method for ordinal regression . On several benchmark datasets , our method ( NNRank ) outperforms a neural network classification method . Compared with the ordinal regression methods using Gaussian processes and support vector machines , NNRank achieves comparable performance . Moreover , NNRank has the advantages of traditional neural networks : learning in both online and batch modes , handling very large training datasets , and making rapid predictions . These features make NNRank a useful and complementary tool for large-scale data processing tasks such as information retrieval , web page ranking , collaborative filtering , and protein ranking in Bioinformatics .
0704.1043	cs.CC cs.IT math.IT	On the Kolmogorov-Chaitin Complexity for short sequences	A drawback of Kolmogorov-Chaitin complexity ( K ) as a function from s to the shortest program producing s is its noncomputability which limits its range of applicability . Moreover , when strings are short , the dependence of K on a particular universal Turing machine U can be arbitrary . In practice one can approximate it by computable compression methods . However , such compression methods do not always provide meaningful approximations -- for strings shorter , for example , than typical compiler lengths . In this paper we suggest an empirical approach to overcome this difficulty and to obtain a stable definition of the Kolmogorov-Chaitin complexity for short sequences . Additionally , a correlation in terms of distribution frequencies was found across the output of two models of abstract machines , namely unidimensional cellular automata and deterministic Turing machine .
