0708.3896	cs.RO	The Isoconditioning Loci of Planar Three-DOF Parallel Manipulators	The subject of this paper is a special class of three-degree-of-freedom parallel manipulators . The singular configurations of the two Jacobian matrices are first studied . The isotropic configurations are then found based on the characteristic length of this manipulator . The isoconditioning loci for the Jacobian matrices are plotted to define a global performance index allowing the comparison of the different working modes . The index thus resulting is compared with the Cartesian workspace surface and the average of the condition number .
0708.3900	cs.IT cond-mat.dis-nn math.IT	Inference from correlated patterns : a unified theory for perceptron learning and linear vector channels	A framework to analyze inference performance in densely connected single-layer feed-forward networks is developed for situations where a given data set is composed of correlated patterns . The framework is based on the assumption that the left and right singular value bases of the given pattern matrix are generated independently and uniformly from Haar measures . This assumption makes it possible to characterize the objective system by a single function of two variables which is determined by the eigenvalue spectrum of the cross-correlation matrix of the pattern matrix . Links to existing methods for analysis of perceptron learning and Gaussian linear vector channels and an application to a simple but nontrivial problem are also shown .
0708.3920	cs.RO	Kinematic analysis of the 3-RPR parallel manipulator	The aim of this paper is the kinematic study of a 3-RPR planar parallel manipulator where the three fixed revolute joints are actuated . The direct and inverse kinematic problem as well as the singular configuration is characterized . On parallel singular configurations , the motion produce by the mobile platform can be compared to the Reuleaux straight-line mechanism .
0708.3936	cs.RO	Working and Assembly Modes of the Agile Eye	This paper deals with the in-depth kinematic analysis of a special spherical parallel wrist , called the Agile Eye . The Agile Eye is a three-legged spherical parallel robot with revolute joints in which all pairs of adjacent joint axes are orthogonal . Its most peculiar feature , demonstrated in this paper for the first time , is that its ( orientation ) workspace is unlimited and flawed only by six singularity curves ( rather than surfaces ) . Furthermore , these curves correspond to self-motions of the mobile platform . This paper also demonstrates that , unlike for any other such complex spatial robots , the four solutions to the direct kinematics of the Agile Eye ( assembly modes ) have a simple geometric relationship with the eight solutions to the inverse kinematics ( working modes ) .
