0708.3564	cs.LO cs.CR	Deciding security properties for cryptographic protocols . Application to key cycles	There is a large amount of work dedicated to the formal verification of security protocols . In this paper , we revisit and extend the NP-complete decision procedure for a bounded number of sessions . We use a , now standard , deducibility constraints formalism for modeling security protocols . Our first contribution is to give a simple set of constraint simplification rules , that allows to reduce any deducibility constraint system to a set of solved forms , representing all solutions ( within the bound on sessions ) . As a consequence , we prove that deciding the existence of key cycles is NP-complete for a bounded number of sessions . The problem of key-cycles has been put forward by recent works relating computational and symbolic models . The so-called soundness of the symbolic model requires indeed that no key cycle ( e.g. , enc ( k , k ) ) ever occurs in the execution of the protocol . Otherwise , stronger security assumptions ( such as KDM-security ) are required . We show that our decision procedure can also be applied to prove again the decidability of authentication-like properties and the decidability of a significant fragment of protocols with timestamps .
0708.3567	cs.IT math.IT	On the Distortion of the Eigenvalue Spectrum in MIMO Amplify-and-Forward Multi-Hop Channels	Consider a wireless MIMO multi-hop channel with n_s non-cooperating source antennas and n_d fully cooperating destination antennas , as well as L clusters containing k non-cooperating relay antennas each . The source signal traverses all L clusters of relay antennas , before it reaches the destination . When relay antennas within the same cluster scale their received signals by the same constant before the retransmission , the equivalent channel matrix H relating the input signals at the source antennas to the output signals at the destination antennas is proportional to the product of channel matrices H_l , l=1 , ... , L+1 , corresponding to the individual hops . We perform an asymptotic capacity analysis for this channel as follows : In a first instance we take the limits n_s- > infty , n_d- > infty and k- > infty , but keep both n_s/n_d and k/n_d fixed . Then , we take the limits L- > infty and k/n_d- > infty . Requiring that the H_l 's satisfy the conditions needed for the Marcenko-Pastur law , we prove that the capacity scales linearly in min { n_s , n_d } , as long as the ratio k/n_d scales at least linearly in L. Moreover , we show that up to a noise penalty and a pre-log factor the capacity of a point-to-point MIMO channel is approached , when this scaling is slightly faster than linear . Conversely , almost all spatial degrees of freedom vanish for less than linear scaling .
0708.3568	cs.CC	A Polynomial-time Algorithm for Computing the Permanent in GF ( 3^q )	A polynomial-time algorithm for computing the permanent in any field of characteristic 3 is presented in this article . The principal objects utilized for that purpose are the Cauchy and Vandermonde matrices , the discriminant function and their generalizations of various types . Classical theorems on the permanent such as the Binet-Minc identity and Borchadt 's formula are widely applied , while a special new technique involving the notion of limit re-defined for fields of finite characteristics and corresponding computational methods was developed in order to deal with a number of polynomial-time reductions . All the constructions preserve a strictly algebraic nature ignoring the structure of the basic field , while applying its infinite extensions for calculating limits . A natural corollary of the polynomial-time computability of the permanent in a field of a characteristic different from 2 is the non-uniform equality between the complexity classes P and NP what is equivalent to RP=NP ( Ref . [ 1 ] ) .
0708.3573	cs.IT math.IT	On the Outage Capacity of a Practical Decoder Accounting for Channel Estimation Inaccuracies	The optimal decoder achieving the outage capacity under imperfect channel estimation is investigated . First , by searching into the family of nearest neighbor decoders , which can be easily implemented on most practical coded modulation systems , we derive a decoding metric that minimizes the average of the transmission error probability over all channel estimation errors . Next , we specialize our general expression to obtain the corresponding decoding metric for fading MIMO channels . According to the notion of estimation-induced outage ( EIO ) capacity introduced in our previous work and assuming no channel state information ( CSI ) at the transmitter , we characterize maximal achievable information rates , using Gaussian codebooks , associated to the proposed decoder . In the case of uncorrelated Rayleigh fading , these achievable rates are compared to the rates achieved by the classical mismatched maximum-likelihood ( ML ) decoder and the ultimate limits given by the EIO capacity . Numerical results show that the derived metric provides significant gains for the considered scenario , in terms of achievable information rates and bit error rate ( BER ) , in a bit interleaved coded modulation ( BICM ) framework , without introducing any additional decoding complexity .
0708.3575	cs.HC	How really effective are Multimodal Hints in enhancing Visual Target Spotting ? Some evidence from a usability study	The main aim of the work presented here is to contribute to computer science advances in the multimodal usability area , in-as-much as it addresses one of the major issues relating to the generation of effective oral system messages : how to design messages which effectively help users to locate specific graphical objects in information visualisations ? An experimental study was carried out to determine whether oral messages including coarse information on the locations of graphical objects on the current display may facilitate target detection tasks sufficiently for making it worth while to integrate such messages in GUIs . The display spatial layout varied in order to test the influence of visual presentation structure on the contribution of these messages to facilitating visual search on crowded displays . Finally , three levels of task difficulty were defined , based mainly on the target visual complexity and the number of distractors in the scene . The findings suggest that spatial information messages improve participants ' visual search performances significantly ; they are more appropriate to radial structures than to matrix , random and elleptic structures ; and , they are particularly useful for performing difficult visual search tasks .
0708.3580	cs.HC	Ambient Multimodality : an Asset for Developing Universal Access to the Information Society	The paper tries to point out the benefits that can be derived from research advances in the implementation of concepts such as ambient intelligence ( AmI ) and ubiquitous or pervasive computing for promoting Universal Access ( UA ) to the Information Society , that is , for contributing to enable everybody , especially Physically Disabled ( PD ) people , to have easy access to all computing resources and information services that the coming worldwide Information Society will soon make available to the general public . Following definitions of basic concepts relating to multimodal interaction , the significant contribution of multimodality to developing UA is briefly argued . Then , a short state of the art in AmI research is presented . In the last section we bring out the potential contribution of advances in AmI research and technology to the improvement of computer access for PD people . This claim is supported by the following observations : ( i ) most projects aiming at implementing AmI focus on the design of new interaction modalities and flexible multimodal user interfaces which may facilitate PD users ' computer access ; ( ii ) targeted applications will support users in a wide range of daily activities which will be performed simultaneously with supporting computing tasks ; therefore , users will be placed in contexts where they will be confronted with similar difficulties to those encountered by PD users ; ( iii ) AmI applications being intended for the general public , a wide range of new interaction devices and flexible processing software will be available , making it possible to provide PD users with human-computer facilities tailored to their specific needs at reasonable expense..
0708.3582	cs.LO	HORPO with Computability Closure : A Reconstruction	This paper provides a new , decidable definition of the higher- order recursive path ordering in which type comparisons are made only when needed , therefore eliminating the need for the computability clo- sure , and bound variables are handled explicitly , making it possible to handle recursors for arbitrary strictly positive inductive types .
0708.3607	cs.RO	Parametric stiffness analysis of the Orthoglide	This paper presents a parametric stiffness analysis of the Orthoglide . A compliant modeling and a symbolic expression of the stiffness matrix are conducted . This allows a simple systematic analysis of the influence of the geometric design parameters and to quickly identify the critical link parameters . Our symbolic model is used to display the stiffest areas of the workspace for a specific machining task . Our approach can be applied to any parallel manipulator for which stiffness is a critical issue .
0708.3613	cs.RO	Kinematics and Workspace Analysis of a Three-Axis Parallel Manipulator : the Orthoglide	The paper addresses kinematic and geometrical aspects of the Orthoglide , a three-DOF parallel mechanism . This machine consists of three fixed linear joints , which are mounted orthogonally , three identical legs and a mobile platform , which moves in the Cartesian x-y-z space with fixed orientation . New solutions to solve inverse/direct kinematics are proposed and we perform a detailed workspace and singularity analysis , taking into account specific joint limit constraints .
0708.3628	cs.DM	Recursive Structure and Bandwidth of Hales-Numbered Hypercube	The Hales numbered $ n $ -dimensional hypercube and the corresponding adjacency matrix exhibit interesting recursive structures in $ n $ . These structures lead to a very simple proof of the well-known bandwidth formula for hypercube , whose proof was thought to be surprisingly difficult . A related problem called hypercube antibandwidth , for which Harper proposed an algorithm , is also reexamined in the light of the above recursive structures , and a close form solution is found .
0708.3696	cs.DS	Relative-Error CUR Matrix Decompositions	Many data analysis applications deal with large matrices and involve approximating the matrix using a small number of `` components . '' Typically , these components are linear combinations of the rows and columns of the matrix , and are thus difficult to interpret in terms of the original features of the input data . In this paper , we propose and study matrix approximations that are explicitly expressed in terms of a small number of columns and/or rows of the data matrix , and thereby more amenable to interpretation in terms of the original data . Our main algorithmic results are two randomized algorithms which take as input an $ m \times n $ matrix $ A $ and a rank parameter $ k $ . In our first algorithm , $ C $ is chosen , and we let $ A'=CC^+A $ , where $ C^+ $ is the Moore-Penrose generalized inverse of $ C $ . In our second algorithm $ C $ , $ U $ , $ R $ are chosen , and we let $ A'=CUR $ . ( $ C $ and $ R $ are matrices that consist of actual columns and rows , respectively , of $ A $ , and $ U $ is a generalized inverse of their intersection . ) For each algorithm , we show that with probability at least $ 1-\delta $ : $ $ ||A-A'||_F \leq ( 1+\epsilon ) ||A-A_k||_F , $ $ where $ A_k $ is the `` best '' rank- $ k $ approximation provided by truncating the singular value decomposition ( SVD ) of $ A $ . The number of columns of $ C $ and rows of $ R $ is a low-degree polynomial in $ k $ , $ 1/\epsilon $ , and $ \log ( 1/\delta ) $ . Our two algorithms are the first polynomial time algorithms for such low-rank matrix approximations that come with relative-error guarantees ; previously , in some cases , it was not even known whether such matrix decompositions exist . Both of our algorithms are simple , they take time of the order needed to approximately compute the top $ k $ singular vectors of $ A $ , and they use a novel , intuitive sampling method called `` subspace sampling . ''
