0707.4360	cs.IT math.IT	Linear-programming Decoding of Non-binary Linear Codes	We develop a framework for linear-programming ( LP ) decoding of non-binary linear codes over rings . We prove that the resulting LP decoder has the `maximum likelihood certificate ' property , and we show that the decoder output is the lowest cost pseudocodeword . Equivalence between pseudocodewords of the linear program and pseudocodewords of graph covers is proved . LP decoding performance is illustrated for the ( 11,6,5 ) ternary Golay code with ternary PSK modulation over AWGN , and in this case it is shown that the LP decoder performance is comparable to codeword-error-rate-optimum hard-decision based decoding .
0707.4372	cs.OH	Blocking a transition in a Free Choice net and what it tells about its throughput	In a live and bounded Free Choice Petri net , pick a non-conflicting transition . Then there exists a unique reachable marking in which no transition is enabled except the selected one . For a routed live and bounded Free Choice net , this property is true for any transition of the net . Consider now a live and bounded stochastic routed Free Choice net , and assume that the routings and the firing times are independent and identically distributed . Using the above results , we prove the existence of asymptotic firing throughputs for all transitions in the net . Furthermore the vector of the throughputs at the different transitions is explicitly computable up to a multiplicative constant .
0707.4389	cs.PL	Separation Logic for Small-step Cminor	Cminor is a mid-level imperative programming language ; there are proved-correct optimizing compilers from C to Cminor and from Cminor to machine language . We have redesigned Cminor so that it is suitable for Hoare Logic reasoning and we have designed a Separation Logic for Cminor . In this paper , we give a small-step semantics ( instead of the big-step of the proved-correct compiler ) that is motivated by the need to support future concurrent extensions . We detail a machine-checked proof of soundness of our Separation Logic . This is the first large-scale machine-checked proof of a Separation Logic w.r.t . a small-step semantics . The work presented in this paper has been carried out in the Coq proof assistant . It is a first step towards an environment in which concurrent Cminor programs can be verified using Separation Logic and also compiled by a proved-correct compiler with formal end-to-end correctness guarantees .
0707.4448	cs.DS cs.CC	On sparse representations of linear operators and the approximation of matrix products	Thus far , sparse representations have been exploited largely in the context of robustly estimating functions in a noisy environment from a few measurements . In this context , the existence of a basis in which the signal class under consideration is sparse is used to decrease the number of necessary measurements while controlling the approximation error . In this paper , we instead focus on applications in numerical analysis , by way of sparse representations of linear operators with the objective of minimizing the number of operations needed to perform basic operations ( here , multiplication ) on these operators . We represent a linear operator by a sum of rank-one operators , and show how a sparse representation that guarantees a low approximation error for the product can be obtained from analyzing an induced quadratic form . This construction in turn yields new algorithms for computing approximate matrix products .
0707.4489	cs.CC	Small weakly universal Turing machines	We give small universal Turing machines with state-symbol pairs of ( 6 , 2 ) , ( 3 , 3 ) and ( 2 , 4 ) . These machines are weakly universal , which means that they have an infinitely repeated word to the left of their input and another to the right . They simulate Rule 110 and are currently the smallest known weakly universal Turing machines .
0707.4507	cs.IT math.IT	Competitive minimax universal decoding for several ensembles of random codes	Universally achievable error exponents pertaining to certain families of channels ( most notably , discrete memoryless channels ( DMC 's ) ) , and various ensembles of random codes , are studied by combining the competitive minimax approach , proposed by Feder and Merhav , with Chernoff bound and Gallager's techniques for the analysis of error exponents . In particular , we derive a single -- letter expression for the largest , universally achievable fraction $ \xi $ of the optimum error exponent pertaining to the optimum ML decoding . Moreover , a simpler single -- letter expression for a lower bound to $ \xi $ is presented . To demonstrate the tightness of this lower bound , we use it to show that $ \xi=1 $ , for the binary symmetric channel ( BSC ) , when the random coding distribution is uniform over : ( i ) all codes ( of a given rate ) , and ( ii ) all linear codes , in agreement with well -- known results . We also show that $ \xi=1 $ for the uniform ensemble of systematic linear codes , and for that of time -- varying convolutional codes in the bit-error -- rate sense . For the latter case , we also show how the corresponding universal decoder can be efficiently implemented using a slightly modified version of the Viterbi algorithm which em employs two trellises .
0707.4518	cs.IT math.IT	On Throughput Scaling of Wireless Networks : Effect of Node Density and Propagation Model	This paper derives a lower bound to the per-node throughput achievable by a wireless network when n source-destination pairs are randomly distributed throughout a disk of radius $ n^\gamma $ , $ \gamma \geq 0 $ , propagation is modeled by attenuation of the form $ 1/ ( 1+d ) ^\alpha $ , $ \alpha > 2 $ , and successful transmission occurs at a fixed rate W when received signal to noise and interference ratio is greater than some threshold $ \beta $ , and at rate 0 otherwise . The lower bound has the form $ n^ { 1-\gamma } $ when $ \gamma < 1/2 $ , and $ ( n \ln n ) ^ { -1/2 } $ when $ \gamma \geq 1/2 $ . The methods are similar to , but somewhat simpler than , those in the seminal paper by Gupta and Kumar .
0707.4524	cs.MM cs.NE	Image Authentication Based on Neural Networks	Neural network has been attracting more and more researchers since the past decades . The properties , such as parameter sensitivity , random similarity , learning ability , etc. , make it suitable for information protection , such as data encryption , data authentication , intrusion detection , etc . In this paper , by investigating neural networks ' properties , the low-cost authentication method based on neural networks is proposed and used to authenticate images or videos . The authentication method can detect whether the images or videos are modified maliciously . Firstly , this chapter introduces neural networks' properties , such as parameter sensitivity , random similarity , diffusion property , confusion property , one-way property , etc . Secondly , the chapter gives an introduction to neural network based protection methods . Thirdly , an image or video authentication scheme based on neural networks is presented , and its performances , including security , robustness and efficiency , are analyzed . Finally , conclusions are drawn , and some open issues in this field are presented .
