0708.2173	cs.DB cs.PL	Provenance as Dependency Analysis	Provenance is information recording the source , derivation , or history of some information . Provenance tracking has been studied in a variety of settings ; however , although many design points have been explored , the mathematical or semantic foundations of data provenance have received comparatively little attention . In this paper , we argue that dependency analysis techniques familiar from program analysis and program slicing provide a formal foundation for forms of provenance that are intended to show how ( part of ) the output of a query depends on ( parts of ) its input . We introduce a semantic characterization of such dependency provenance , show that this form of provenance is not computable , and provide dynamic and static approximation techniques .
0708.2213	cs.SC cs.MA math.CO	Moderate Growth Time Series for Dynamic Combinatorics Modelisation	Here , we present a family of time series with a simple growth constraint . This family can be the basis of a model to apply to emerging computation in business and micro-economy where global functions can be expressed from local rules . We explicit a double statistics on these series which allows to establish a one-to-one correspondence between three other ballot-like strunctures .
0708.2230	cs.LO	Collection analysis for Horn clause programs	We consider approximating data structures with collections of the items that they contain . For examples , lists , binary trees , tuples , etc , can be approximated by sets or multisets of the items within them . Such approximations can be used to provide partial correctness properties of logic programs . For example , one might wish to specify than whenever the atom $ sort ( t , s ) $ is proved then the two lists $ t $ and $ s $ contain the same multiset of items ( that is , $ s $ is a permutation of $ t $ ) . If sorting removes duplicates , then one would like to infer that the sets of items underlying $ t $ and $ s $ are the same . Such results could be useful to have if they can be determined statically and automatically . We present a scheme by which such collection analysis can be structured and automated . Central to this scheme is the use of linear logic as a omputational logic underlying the logic of Horn clauses .
0708.2252	cs.LO	Focusing and Polarization in Intuitionistic Logic	A focused proof system provides a normal form to cut-free proofs that structures the application of invertible and non-invertible inference rules . The focused proof system of Andreoli for linear logic has been applied to both the proof search and the proof normalization approaches to computation . Various proof systems in literature exhibit characteristics of focusing to one degree or another . We present a new , focused proof system for intuitionistic logic , called LJF , and show how other proof systems can be mapped into the new system by inserting logical connectives that prematurely stop focusing . We also use LJF to design a focused proof system for classical logic . Our approach to the design and analysis of these systems is based on the completeness of focusing in linear logic and on the notion of polarity that appears in Girard 's LC and LU proof systems .
0708.2255	cs.PL cs.SE	A Language for Generic Programming in the Large	Generic programming is an effective methodology for developing reusable software libraries . Many programming languages provide generics and have features for describing interfaces , but none completely support the idioms used in generic programming . To address this need we developed the language G. The central feature of G is the concept , a mechanism for organizing constraints on generics that is inspired by the needs of modern C++ libraries . G provides modular type checking and separate compilation ( even of generics ) . These characteristics support modular software development , especially the smooth integration of independently developed components . In this article we present the rationale for the design of G and demonstrate the expressiveness of G with two case studies : porting the Standard Template Library and the Boost Graph Library from C++ to G. The design of G shares much in common with the concept extension proposed for the next C++ Standard ( the authors participated in its design ) but there are important differences described in this article .
0708.2266	cs.CY	The study of a new gerrymandering methodology	This paper is to obtain a simple dividing-diagram of the congressional districts , where the only limit is that each district should contain the same population if possibly . In order to solve this problem , we introduce three different standards of the `` simple '' shape . The first standard is that the final shape of the congressional districts should be of a simplest figure and we apply a modified `` shortest split line algorithm '' where the factor of the same population is considered only . The second standard is that the gerrymandering should ensure the integrity of the current administrative area as the convenience for management . Thus we combine the factor of the administrative area with the first standard , and generate an improved model resulting in the new diagram in which the perimeters of the districts are along the boundaries of some current counties . Moreover , the gerrymandering should consider the geographic features.The third standard is introduced to describe this situation . Finally , it can be proved that the difference between the supporting ratio of a certain party in each district and the average supporting ratio of that particular party in the whole state obeys the Chi-square distribution approximately . Consequently , we can obtain an archetypal formula to check whether the gerrymandering we propose is fair .
0708.2270	cs.IT math.IT	Capacity of the Degraded Half-Duplex Relay Channel	A discrete memoryless half-duplex relay channel is constructed from a broadcast channel from the source to the relay and destination and a multiple access channel from the source and relay to the destination . When the relay listens , the channel operates in the broadcast mode . The channel switches to the multiple access mode when the relay transmits . If the broadcast component channel is physically degraded , the half-duplex relay channel will also be referred to as physically degraded . The capacity of this degraded half-duplex relay channel is examined . It is shown that the block Markov coding suggested in the seminal paper by Cover and El Gamal can be modified to achieve capacity for the degraded half-duplex relay channel . In the code construction , the listen-transmit schedule of the relay is made to depend on the message to be sent and hence the schedule carries information itself . If the schedule is restricted to be deterministic , it is shown that the capacity can be achieved by a simple management of information flows across the broadcast and multiple access component channels .
0708.2273	cs.IT math.IT	Opportunism in Multiuser Relay Channels : Scheduling , Routing and Spectrum Reuse	In order to understand the key merits of multiuser diversity techniques in relay-assisted cellular multihop networks , this paper analyzes the spectral efficiency of opportunistic ( i.e. , channel-aware ) scheduling algorithms over a fading multiuser relay channel with $ K $ users in the asymptotic regime of large ( but finite ) number of users . Using tools from extreme-value theory , we characterize the limiting distribution of spectral efficiency focusing on Type I convergence and utilize it in investigating the large system behavior of the multiuser relay channel as a function of the number of users and physical channel signal-to-noise ratios ( SNRs ) . Our analysis results in very accurate formulas in the large ( but finite ) $ K $ regime , provides insights on the potential performance enhancements from multihop routing and spectrum reuse policies in the presence of multiuser diversity gains from opportunistic scheduling and helps to identify the regimes and conditions in which relay-assisted multiuser communication provides a clear advantage over direct multiuser communication .
0708.2303	cs.AI cs.CL	Compositional Semantics Grounded in Commonsense Metaphysics	We argue for a compositional semantics grounded in a strongly typed ontology that reflects our commonsense view of the world and the way we talk about it in ordinary language . Assuming the existence of such a structure , we show that the semantics of various natural language phenomena may become nearly trivial .
0708.2309	cs.NI	On Compact Routing for the Internet	While there exist compact routing schemes designed for grids , trees , and Internet-like topologies that offer routing tables of sizes that scale logarithmically with the network size , we demonstrate in this paper that in view of recent results in compact routing research , such logarithmic scaling on Internet-like topologies is fundamentally impossible in the presence of topology dynamics or topology-independent ( flat ) addressing . We use analytic arguments to show that the number of routing control messages per topology change can not scale better than linearly on Internet-like topologies . We also employ simulations to confirm that logarithmic routing table size scaling gets broken by topology-independent addressing , a cornerstone of popular locator-identifier split proposals aiming at improving routing scaling in the presence of network topology dynamics or host mobility . These pessimistic findings lead us to the conclusion that a fundamental re-examination of assumptions behind routing models and abstractions is needed in order to find a routing architecture that would be able to scale `` indefinitely . ''
0708.2310	cs.IT math.IT	Benefiting from Disorder : Source Coding for Unordered Data	The order of letters is not always relevant in a communication task . This paper discusses the implications of order irrelevance on source coding , presenting results in several major branches of source coding theory : lossless coding , universal lossless coding , rate-distortion , high-rate quantization , and universal lossy coding . The main conclusions demonstrate that there is a significant rate savings when order is irrelevant . In particular , lossless coding of n letters from a finite alphabet requires Theta ( log n ) bits and universal lossless coding requires n + o ( n ) bits for many countable alphabet sources . However , there are no universal schemes that can drive a strong redundancy measure to zero . Results for lossy coding include distribution-free expressions for the rate savings from order irrelevance in various high-rate quantization schemes . Rate-distortion bounds are given , and it is shown that the analogue of the Shannon lower bound is loose at all finite rates .
