0706.3430	cs.IT math.IT	The Impact of Channel Feedback on Opportunistic Relay Selection for Hybrid-ARQ in Wireless Networks	This paper presents a decentralized relay selection protocol for a dense wireless network and describes channel feedback strategies that improve its performance . The proposed selection protocol supports hybrid automatic-repeat-request transmission where relays forward parity information to the destination in the event of a decoding error . Channel feedback is employed for refining the relay selection process and for selecting an appropriate transmission mode in a proposed adaptive modulation transmission framework . An approximation of the throughput of the proposed adaptive modulation strategy is presented , and the dependence of the throughput on system parameters such as the relay contention probability and the adaptive modulation switching point is illustrated via maximization of this approximation . Simulations show that the throughput of the proposed selection strategy is comparable to that yielded by a centralized selection approach that relies on geographic information .
0706.3459	cs.CC math.CO	NP by means of lifts and shadows	We show that every NP problem is polynomially equivalent to a simple combinatorial problem : the membership problem for a special class of digraphs . These classes are defined by means of shadows ( projections ) and by finitely many forbidden colored ( lifted ) subgraphs . Our characterization is motivated by the analysis of syntactical subclasses with the full computational power of NP , which were first studied by Feder and Vardi . Our approach applies to many combinatorial problems and it induces the characterization of coloring problems ( CSP ) defined by means of shadows . This turns out to be related to homomorphism dualities . We prove that a class of digraphs ( relational structures ) defined by finitely many forbidden colored subgraphs ( i.e . lifted substructures ) is a CSP class if and only if all the the forbidden structures are homomorphically equivalent to trees . We show a surprising richness of coloring problems when restricted to most frequent graph classes . Using results of Ne\v { s } et\v { r } il and Ossona de Mendez for bounded expansion classes ( which include bounded degree and proper minor closed classes ) we prove that the restriction of every class defined as the shadow of finitely many colored subgraphs equals to the restriction of a coloring ( CSP ) class .
0706.3479	cs.OH	Hypocomputation	Hypercomputational formal theories will , clearly , be both structurally and foundationally different from the formal theories underpinning computational theories . However , many of the maps that might guide us into this strange realm have been lost . So little work has been done recently in the area of metamathematics , and so many of the previous results have been folded into other theories , that we are in danger of loosing an appreciation of the broader structure of formal theories . As an aid to those looking to develop hypercomputational theories , we will briefly survey the known landmarks both inside and outside the borders of computational theory . We will not focus in this paper on why the structure of formal theory looks the way it does . Instead we will focus on what this structure looks like , moving from hypocomputational , through traditional computational theories , and then beyond to hypercomputational theories .
0706.3480	cs.IT math.IT	Tight Bounds on the Average Length , Entropy , and Redundancy of Anti-Uniform Huffman Codes	In this paper we consider the class of anti-uniform Huffman codes and derive tight lower and upper bounds on the average length , entropy , and redundancy of such codes in terms of the alphabet size of the source . The Fibonacci distributions are introduced which play a fundamental role in AUH codes . It is shown that such distributions maximize the average length and the entropy of the code for a given alphabet size . Another previously known bound on the entropy for given average length follows immediately from our results .
