0712.3807	cs.LG cs.CY	Improved Collaborative Filtering Algorithm via Information Transformation	In this paper , we propose a spreading activation approach for collaborative filtering ( SA-CF ) . By using the opinion spreading process , the similarity between any users can be obtained . The algorithm has remarkably higher accuracy than the standard collaborative filtering ( CF ) using Pearson correlation . Furthermore , we introduce a free parameter $ \beta $ to regulate the contributions of objects to user-user correlations . The numerical results indicate that decreasing the influence of popular objects can further improve the algorithmic accuracy and personality . We argue that a better algorithm should simultaneously require less computation and generate higher accuracy . Accordingly , we further propose an algorithm involving only the top- $ N $ similar neighbors for each target user , which has both less computational complexity and higher algorithmic accuracy .
0712.3830	cs.PL	TCHR : a framework for tabled CLP	Tabled Constraint Logic Programming is a powerful execution mechanism for dealing with Constraint Logic Programming without worrying about fixpoint computation . Various applications , e.g in the fields of program analysis and model checking , have been proposed . Unfortunately , a high-level system for developing new applications is lacking , and programmers are forced to resort to complicated ad hoc solutions . This papers presents TCHR , a high-level framework for tabled Constraint Logic Programming . It integrates in a light-weight manner Constraint Handling Rules ( CHR ) , a high-level language for constraint solvers , with tabled Logic Programming . The framework is easily instantiated with new application-specific constraint domains . Various high-level operations can be instantiated to control performance . In particular , we propose a novel , generalized technique for compacting answer sets .
0712.3980	cs.DC	Distributed Slicing in Dynamic Systems	Peer to peer ( P2P ) systems are moving from application specific architectures to a generic service oriented design philosophy . This raises interesting problems in connection with providing useful P2P middleware services capable of dealing with resource assignment and management in a large-scale , heterogeneous and unreliable environment . The slicing service , has been proposed to allow for an automatic partitioning of P2P networks into groups ( slices ) that represent a controllable amount of some resource and that are also relatively homogeneous with respect to that resource . In this paper we propose two gossip-based algorithms to solve the distributed slicing problem . The first algorithm speeds up an existing algorithm sorting a set of uniform random numbers . The second algorithm statistically approximates the rank of nodes in the ordering . The scalability , efficiency and resilience to dynamics of both algorithms rely on their gossip-based models . These algorithms are proved viable theoretically and experimentally .
0712.4096	cs.IT math.IT	Error-Correction of Multidimensional Bursts	In this paper we present several constructions to generate codes for correcting a multidimensional cluster-error . The goal is to correct a cluster-error whose shape can be a box-error , a Lee sphere error , or an error with an arbitrary shape . Our codes have very low redundancy , close to optimal , and large range of parameters of arrays and clusters . Our main results are summarized as follows : 1 ) A construction of two-dimensional codes capable to correct a rectangular-error with considerably more flexible parameters from previously known constructions . Another advantage of this construction is that it is easily generalized for D dimensions . 2 ) A novel method based on D colorings of the D-dimensional space for constructing D-dimensional codes correcting D-dimensional cluster-error of various shapes . This method is applied efficiently to correct a D-dimensional cluster error of parameters not covered efficiently by previous onstructions . 3 ) A transformation of the D-dimensional space into another D-dimensional space such that a D-dimensional Lee sphere is transformed into a shape located in a D-dimensional box of a relatively small size . We use the previous constructions to correct a D-dimensional error whose shape is a D-dimensional Lee sphere . 4 ) Applying the coloring method to correct more efficiently a two-dimensional error whose shape is a Lee sphere . The D-dimensional case is also discussed . 5 ) A construction of one-dimensional codes capable to correct a burst-error of length b in which the number of erroneous positions is relatively small compared to b . This construction is generalized for D-dimensional codes . 6 ) Applying the constructions correcting a Lee sphere error and a cluster-error with small number of erroneous positions , to correct an arbitrary cluster-error .
0712.4102	cs.NE	Digital Ecosystems : Evolving Service-Oriented Architectures	We view Digital Ecosystems to be the digital counterparts of biological ecosystems , exploiting the self-organising properties of biological ecosystems , which are considered to be robust , self-organising and scalable architectures that can automatically solve complex , dynamic problems . Digital Ecosystems are a novel optimisation technique where the optimisation works at two levels : a first optimisation , migration of agents ( representing services ) which are distributed in a decentralised peer-to-peer network , operating continuously in time ; this process feeds a second optimisation based on evolutionary computing that operates locally on single peers and is aimed at finding solutions to satisfy locally relevant constraints . We created an Ecosystem-Oriented Architecture of Digital Ecosystems by extending Service-Oriented Architectures with distributed evolutionary computing , allowing services to recombine and evolve over time , constantly seeking to improve their effectiveness for the user base . Individuals within our Digital Ecosystem will be applications ( groups of services ) , created in response to user requests by using evolutionary optimisation to aggregate the services . These individuals will migrate through the Digital Ecosystem and adapt to find niches where they are useful in fulfilling other user requests for applications . Simulation results imply that the Digital Ecosystem performs better at large scales than a comparable Service-Oriented Architecture , suggesting that incorporating ideas from theoretical ecology can contribute to useful self-organising properties in digital ecosystems .
0712.4103	cs.IT math.IT	On the Monotonicity of the Generalized Marcum and Nuttall Q-Functions	Monotonicity criteria are established for the generalized Marcum Q-function , $ \emph { Q } _ { M } $ , the standard Nuttall Q-function , $ \emph { Q } _ { M , N } $ , and the normalized Nuttall Q-function , $ \mathcal { Q } _ { M , N } $ , with respect to their real order indices M , N . Besides , closed-form expressions are derived for the computation of the standard and normalized Nuttall Q-functions for the case when M , N are odd multiples of 0.5 and $ M\geq N $ . By exploiting these results , novel upper and lower bounds for $ \emph { Q } _ { M , N } $ and $ \mathcal { Q } _ { M , N } $ are proposed . Furthermore , specific tight upper and lower bounds for $ \emph { Q } _ { M } $ , previously reported in the literature , are extended for real values of M. The offered theoretical results can be efficiently applied in the study of digital communications over fading channels , in the information-theoretic analysis of multiple-input multiple-output systems and in the description of stochastic processes in probability theory , among others .
0712.4135	cs.IT math.IT	On the Throughput of Secure Hybrid-ARQ Protocols for Gaussian Block-Fading Channels	The focus of this paper is an information-theoretic study of retransmission protocols for reliable packet communication under a secrecy constraint . The hybrid automatic retransmission request ( HARQ ) protocol is revisited for a block-fading wire-tap channel , in which two legitimate users communicate over a block-fading channel in the presence of a passive eavesdropper who intercepts the transmissions through an independent block-fading channel . In this model , the transmitter obtains a 1-bit ACK/NACK feedback from the legitimate receiver via an error-free public channel . Both reliability and confidentiality of secure HARQ protocols are studied by the joint consideration of channel coding , secrecy coding , and retransmission protocols . In particular , the error and secrecy performance of repetition time diversity ( RTD ) and incremental redundancy ( INR ) protocols are investigated based on good Wyner code sequences , which ensure that the confidential message is decoded successfully by the legitimate receiver and is kept in total ignorance by the eavesdropper for a given set of channel realizations . This paper first illustrates that there exists a good rate-compatible Wyner code family which ensures a secure INR protocol . Next , two types of outage probabilities , connection outage and secrecy outage probabilities are defined in order to characterize the tradeoff between the reliability of the legitimate communication link and the confidentiality with respect to the eavesdropper 's link . For a given connection/secrecy outage probability pair , an achievable throughput of secure HARQ protocols is derived for block-fading channels . Finally , both asymptotic analysis and numerical computations demonstrate the benefits of HARQ protocols to throughput and secrecy .
0712.4148	cs.DM	Lower bounds for the greatest possible number of colors in interval edge colorings of bipartite cylinders and bipartite tori	An interval edge t-coloring of a graph G is a proper edge coloring of G with colors 1,2 ... , t such that at least one edge of G is colored by color i , i=1,2 ... , t , and the edges incident with each vertex v are colored by d_ { G } ( v ) consecutive colors , where d_ { G } ( v ) is the degree of the vertex v in G. In this paper interval edge colorings of bipartite cylinders and bipartite tori are investigated .
0712.4153	cs.NE cs.MA	Biology of Applied Digital Ecosystems	A primary motivation for our research in Digital Ecosystems is the desire to exploit the self-organising properties of biological ecosystems . Ecosystems are thought to be robust , scalable architectures that can automatically solve complex , dynamic problems . However , the biological processes that contribute to these properties have not been made explicit in Digital Ecosystems research . Here , we discuss how biological properties contribute to the self-organising features of biological ecosystems , including population dynamics , evolution , a complex dynamic environment , and spatial distributions for generating local interactions . The potential for exploiting these properties in artificial systems is then considered . We suggest that several key features of biological ecosystems have not been fully explored in existing digital ecosystems , and discuss how mimicking these features may assist in developing robust , scalable self-organising architectures . An example architecture , the Digital Ecosystem , is considered in detail . The Digital Ecosystem is then measured experimentally through simulations , with measures originating from theoretical ecology , to confirm its likeness to a biological ecosystem . Including the responsiveness to requests for applications from the user base , as a measure of the 'ecological succession ' ( development ) .
0712.4159	cs.NE	Creating a Digital Ecosystem : Service-Oriented Architectures with Distributed Evolutionary Computing	We start with a discussion of the relevant literature , including Nature Inspired Computing as a framework in which to understand this work , and the process of biomimicry to be used in mimicking the necessary biological processes to create Digital Ecosystems . We then consider the relevant theoretical ecology in creating the digital counterpart of a biological ecosystem , including the topological structure of ecosystems , and evolutionary processes within distributed environments . This leads to a discussion of the relevant fields from computer science for the creation of Digital Ecosystems , including evolutionary computing , Multi-Agent Systems , and Service-Oriented Architectures . We then define Ecosystem-Oriented Architectures for the creation of Digital Ecosystems , imbibed with the properties of self-organisation and scalability from biological ecosystems , including a novel form of distributed evolutionary computing .
0712.4168	cs.OH cs.NI	A Framework for Providing E-Services to the Rural Areas using Wireless Ad Hoc and Sensor Networks	In recent years , the proliferation of mobile computing devices has driven a revolutionary change in the computing world . The nature of ubiquitous devices makes wireless networks the easiest solution for their interconnection . This has led to the rapid growth of several wireless systems like wireless ad hoc networks , wireless sensor networks etc . In this paper we have proposed a framework for rural development by providing various e-services to the rural areas with the help of wireless ad hoc and sensor networks . We have discussed how timely and accurate information could be collected from the rural areas using wireless technologies . In addition to this , we have also mentioned the technical and operational challenges that could hinder the implementation of such a framework in the rural areas in the developing countries .
0712.4169	cs.NI	Security in Wireless Sensor Networks : Issues and Challenges	Wireless Sensor Network ( WSN ) is an emerging technology that shows great promise for various futuristic applications both for mass public and military . The sensing technology combined with processing power and wireless communication makes it lucrative for being exploited in abundance in future . The inclusion of wireless communication technology also incurs various types of security threats . The intent of this paper is to investigate the security related issues and challenges in wireless sensor networks . We identify the security threats , review proposed security mechanisms for wireless sensor networks . We also discuss the holistic view of security for ensuring layered and robust security in wireless sensor networks .
0712.4170	cs.NI	Smartening the Environment using Wireless Sensor Networks in a Developing Country	The miniaturization process of various sensing devices has become a reality by enormous research and advancements accomplished in Micro Electro-Mechanical Systems ( MEMS ) and Very Large Scale Integration ( VLSI ) lithography . Regardless of such extensive efforts in optimizing the hardware , algorithm , and protocols for networking , there still remains a lot of scope to explore how these innovations can all be tied together to design Wireless Sensor Networks ( WSN ) for smartening the surrounding environment for some practical purposes . In this paper we explore the prospects of wireless sensor networks and propose a design level framework for developing a smart environment using WSNs , which could be beneficial for a developing country like Bangladesh . In connection to this , we also discuss the major aspects of wireless sensor networks .
0712.4172	cs.NI	Developing an Efficient DMCIS with Next-Generation Wireless Networks	The impact of extreme events across the globe is extraordinary which continues to handicap the advancement of the struggling developing societies and threatens most of the industrialized countries in the globe . Various fields of Information and Communication Technology have widely been used for efficient disaster management ; but only to a limited extent though , there is a tremendous potential for increasing efficiency and effectiveness in coping with disasters with the utilization of emerging wireless network technologies . Early warning , response to the particular situation and proper recovery are among the main focuses of an efficient disaster management system today . Considering these aspects , in this paper we propose a framework for developing an efficient Disaster Management Communications and Information System ( DMCIS ) which is basically benefited by the exploitation of the emerging wireless network technologies combined with other networking and data processing technologies .
0712.4173	cs.NI	Secure Clustering in DSN with Key Predistribution and WCDS	This paper proposes an efficient approach of secure clustering in distributed sensor networks . The clusters or groups in the network are formed based on offline rank assignment and predistribution of secret keys . Our approach uses the concept of weakly connected dominating set ( WCDS ) to reduce the number of cluster-heads in the network . The formation of clusters in the network is secured as the secret keys are distributed and used in an efficient way to resist the inclusion of any hostile entity in the clusters . Along with the description of our approach , we present an analysis and comparison of our approach with other schemes . We also mention the limitations of our approach considering the practical implementation of the sensor networks .
0712.4174	cs.CR cs.NI	A Novel and Efficient Bilateral Remote User Authentication Scheme Using Smart Cards	This paper proposes a novel remote user authentication scheme using smart cards which allows both the authentication server ( AS ) and the user to verify authenticity of each other . Our scheme is efficient enough to resist the known attacks that could be launched against remote user authentication process .
0712.4176	cs.CR cs.NI	An Improved Timestamp-Based Password Authentication Scheme Using Smart Cards	With the recent proliferation of distributed systems and networking , remote authentication has become a crucial task in many networking applications . Various schemes have been proposed so far for the two-party remote authentication ; however , some of them have been proved to be insecure . In this paper , we propose an efficient timestamp-based password authentication scheme using smart cards . We show various types of forgery attacks against a previously proposed timestamp-based password authentication scheme and improve that scheme to ensure robust security for the remote authentication process , keeping all the advantages that were present in that scheme . Our scheme successfully defends the attacks that could be launched against other related previous schemes . We present a detailed cryptanalysis of previously proposed Shen et . al scheme and an analysis of the improved scheme to show its improvements and efficiency .
0712.4177	cs.NI cs.CR	A Secure Lightweight Approach of Node Membership Verification in Dense HDSN	In this paper , we consider a particular type of deployment scenario of a distributed sensor network ( DSN ) , where sensors of different types and categories are densely deployed in the same target area . In this network , the sensors are associated with different groups , based on their functional types and after deployment they collaborate with one another in the same group for doing any assigned task for that particular group . We term this sort of DSN as a heterogeneous distributed sensor network ( HDSN ) . Considering this scenario , we propose a secure membership verification mechanism using one-way accumulator ( OWA ) which ensures that , before collaborating for a particular task , any pair of nodes in the same deployment group can verify each other-s legitimacy of membership . Our scheme also supports addition and deletion of members ( nodes ) in a particular group in the HDSN . Our analysis shows that , the proposed scheme could work well in conjunction with other security mechanisms for sensor networks and is very effective to resist any adversary-s attempt to be included in a legitimate group in the network .
0712.4178	cs.CR cs.NI	An Efficient PKC-Based Security Architecture for Wireless Sensor Networks	In spite of previous widely held belief of the incompatibility of public key cryptography ( PKC ) schemes for wireless sensor networks ( WSNs ) , some recent works have shown that , PKC based schemes could be implemented for such networks in some ways . The major challenge of employing a PKC scheme in wireless sensor network is posed by the limitations of resources of the tiny sensors . Considering this feature of the sensors , in this paper , we propose an efficient PKC based security architecture with relatively less resource requirements than those of the other previously proposed PKC schemes for WSN . Our security architecture comprises basically of two parts ; a key handshaking scheme based on simple linear operations and the derivation of decryption key by a receiver node . Our architecture allows both base-station-to-node or node-to-base-station secure communications , and node-to-node secure communications . Analysis and simulation results show that , our proposed architecture ensures a good level of security for communications in the network and could effectively be implemented using the limited computation , memory and energy budgets of the current generation sensor nodes .
0712.4183	cs.CR cs.CV	Probabilistic Visual Secret Sharing Schemes for Gray-scale images and Color images	Visual secrete sharing ( VSS ) is an encryption technique that utilizes human visual system in the recovering of the secret image and it does not require any complex calculation . Pixel expansion has been a major issue of VSS schemes . A number of probabilistic VSS schemes with minimum pixel expansion have been proposed for binary secret images . This paper presents a general probabilistic ( k , n ) -VSS scheme for gray-scale images and another scheme for color images . With our schemes , the pixel expansion can be set to a user-defined value . When this value is 1 , there is no pixel expansion at all . The quality of reconstructed secret images , measured by Average Relative Difference , is equivalent to Relative Difference of existing deterministic schemes . Previous probabilistic VSS schemes for black-and-white images with respect to pixel expansion can be viewed as special cases of the schemes proposed here
