0710.2970	cs.CR	A generic attack to ciphers	In this paper , we present a generic attack for ciphers , which is in essence a collision attack on the secret keys of ciphers .
0710.2988	cs.CL	Using Description Logics for Recognising Textual Entailment	The aim of this paper is to show how we can handle the Recognising Textual Entailment ( RTE ) task by using Description Logics ( DLs ) . To do this , we propose a representation of natural language semantics in DLs inspired by existing representations in first-order logic . But our most significant contribution is the definition of two novel inference tasks : A-Box saturation and subgraph detection which are crucial for our approach to RTE .
0710.3170	cs.NA	Fast Intrinsic Mode Decomposition of Time Series Data with Sawtooth Transform	An efficient method is introduced in this paper to find the intrinsic mode function ( IMF ) components of time series data . This method is faster and more predictable than the Empirical Mode Decomposition ( EMD ) method devised by the author of Hilbert Huang Transform ( HHT ) . The approach is to transforms the original data function into a piecewise linear sawtooth function ( or triangle wave function ) , then directly constructs the upper envelope by connecting the maxima and construct lower envelope by connecting minima with straight line segments in the sawtooth space , the IMF is calculated as the difference between the sawtooth function and the mean of the upper and lower envelopes . The results found in the sawtooth space are reversely transformed into the original data space as the required IMF and envelopes mean . This decomposition method process the data in one pass to obtain a unique IMF component without the time consuming repetitive sifting process of EMD method . An alternative decomposition method with sawtooth function expansion is also presented .
0710.3178	cs.OH	Modeling Context , Collaboration , and Civilization in End-User Informatics	End-user informatics applications are Internet data web management automation solutions . These are mass modeling and mass management collaborative communal consensus solutions . They are made and maintained by managerial , professional , technical and specialist end-users . In end-user informatics the end-users are always right . So it becomes necessary for information technology professionals to understand information and informatics from the end-user perspective . End-user informatics starts with the observation that practical prose is a mass consensus communal modeling technology . This high technology is the mechanistic modeling medium we all use every day in all of our practical pursuits . Practical information flows are the lifeblood of modern capitalist communities . But what exactly is practical information ? It 's ultimately physical information , but the physics is highly emergent rather than elementary . So practical reality is just physical reality in deep disguise . Practical prose is the medium that we all use to model the everyday and elite mechanics of practical reality . So this is the medium that end-user informatics must automate and animate .
0710.3185	cs.AI cs.CV	Fuzzy Modeling of Electrical Impedance Tomography Image of the Lungs	Electrical Impedance Tomography ( EIT ) is a functional imaging method that is being developed for bedside use in critical care medicine . Aiming at improving the chest anatomical resolution of EIT images we developed a fuzzy model based on EIT high temporal resolution and the functional information contained in the pulmonary perfusion and ventilation signals . EIT data from an experimental animal model were collected during normal ventilation and apnea while an injection of hypertonic saline was used as a reference . The fuzzy model was elaborated in three parts : a modeling of the heart , a pulmonary map from ventilation images and , a pulmonary map from perfusion images . Image segmentation was performed using a threshold method and a ventilation/perfusion map was generated . EIT images treated by the fuzzy model were compared with the hypertonic saline injection method and CT-scan images , presenting good results in both qualitative ( the image obtained by the model was very similar to that of the CT-scan ) and quantitative ( the ROC curve provided an area equal to 0.93 ) point of view . Undoubtedly , these results represent an important step in the EIT images area , since they open the possibility of developing EIT-based bedside clinical methods , which are not available nowadays . These achievements could serve as the base to develop EIT diagnosis system for some life-threatening diseases commonly found in critical care medicine .
