0709.4420	cs.CR	Confirmation of Shannon 's Mistake about Perfect Secrecy of One-time-pad	This paper has been withdrawn
0709.4464	cs.CE cs.NE	Adaptive Investment Strategies For Periodic Environments	In this paper , we present an adaptive investment strategy for environments with periodic returns on investment . In our approach , we consider an investment model where the agent decides at every time step the proportion of wealth to invest in a risky asset , keeping the rest of the budget in a risk-free asset . Every investment is evaluated in the market via a stylized return on investment function ( RoI ) , which is modeled by a stochastic process with unknown periodicities and levels of noise . For comparison reasons , we present two reference strategies which represent the case of agents with zero-knowledge and complete-knowledge of the dynamics of the returns . We consider also an investment strategy based on technical analysis to forecast the next return by fitting a trend line to previous received returns . To account for the performance of the different strategies , we perform some computer experiments to calculate the average budget that can be obtained with them over a certain number of time steps . To assure for fair comparisons , we first tune the parameters of each strategy . Afterwards , we compare the performance of these strategies for RoIs with different periodicities and levels of noise .
0709.4466	cs.IT math.IT	Serially Concatenated IRA Codes	We address the error floor problem of low-density parity check ( LDPC ) codes on the binary-input additive white Gaussian noise ( AWGN ) channel , by constructing a serially concatenated code consisting of two systematic irregular repeat accumulate ( IRA ) component codes connected by an interleaver . The interleaver is designed to prevent stopping-set error events in one of the IRA codes from propagating into stopping set events of the other code . Simulations with two 128-bit rate 0.707 IRA component codes show that the proposed architecture achieves a much lower error floor at higher SNRs , compared to a 16384-bit rate 1/2 IRA code , but incurs an SNR penalty of about 2 dB at low to medium SNRs . Experiments indicate that the SNR penalty can be reduced at larger blocklengths .
0709.4497	cs.CC cs.DM	The complexity of nonrepetitive edge coloring of graphs	A squarefree word is a sequence $ w $ of symbols such that there are no strings $ x , y $ , and $ z $ for which $ w=xyyz $ . A nonrepetitive coloring of a graph is an edge coloring in which the sequence of colors along any open path is squarefree . We show that determining whether a graph $ G $ has a nonrepetitive $ k $ -coloring is $ \Sigma_2^p $ -complete . When we restrict to paths of lengths at most $ n $ , the problem becomes NP-complete for fixed $ n $ .
0709.4506	cs.IT math.IT	Optimum Diversity-Multiplexing Tradeoff in the Multiple Relays Network	In this paper , a multiple-relay network in considered , in which $ K $ single-antenna relays assist a single-antenna transmitter to communicate with a single-antenna receiver in a half-duplex mode . A new Amplify and Forward ( AF ) scheme is proposed for this network and is shown to achieve the optimum diversity-multiplexing trade-off curve .
0709.4513	cs.IT math.IT	Scheduling and Pre-Conditioning in Multi-User MIMO TDD Systems	The downlink transmission in multi-user multiple-input multiple-output ( MIMO ) systems has been extensively studied from both communication-theoretic and information-theoretic perspectives . Most of these papers assume perfect/imperfect channel knowledge . In general , the problem of channel training and estimation is studied separately . However , in interference-limited communication systems with high mobility , this problem is tightly coupled with the problem of maximizing throughput of the system . In this paper , scheduling and pre-conditioning based schemes in the presence of reciprocal channel are considered to address this . In the case of homogeneous users , a scheduling scheme is proposed and an improved lower bound on the sum capacity is derived . The problem of choosing training sequence length to maximize net throughput of the system is studied . In the case of heterogeneous users , a modified pre-conditioning method is proposed and an optimized pre-conditioning matrix is derived . This method is combined with a scheduling scheme to further improve net achievable weighted-sum rate .
