0705.2278	cs.IT math.IT	Unequal dimensional small balls and quantization on Grassmann Manifolds	The Grassmann manifold G_ { n , p } ( L ) is the set of all p-dimensional planes ( through the origin ) in the n-dimensional Euclidean space L^ { n } , where L is either R or C. This paper considers an unequal dimensional quantization in which a source in G_ { n , p } ( L ) is quantized through a code in G_ { n , q } ( L ) , where p and q are not necessarily the same . It is different from most works in literature where p\equiv q . The analysis for unequal dimensional quantization is based on the volume of a metric ball in G_ { n , p } ( L ) whose center is in G_ { n , q } ( L ) . Our chief result is a closed-form formula for the volume of a metric ball when the radius is sufficiently small . This volume formula holds for Grassmann manifolds with arbitrary n , p , q and L , while previous results pertained only to some special cases . Based on this volume formula , several bounds are derived for the rate distortion tradeoff assuming the quantization rate is sufficiently high . The lower and upper bounds on the distortion rate function are asymptotically identical , and so precisely quantify the asymptotic rate distortion tradeoff . We also show that random codes are asymptotically optimal in the sense that they achieve the minimum achievable distortion with probability one as n and the code rate approach infinity linearly . Finally , we discuss some applications of the derived results to communication theory . A geometric interpretation in the Grassmann manifold is developed for capacity calculation of additive white Gaussian noise channel . Further , the derived distortion rate function is beneficial to characterizing the effect of beamforming matrix selection in multi-antenna communications .
0705.2305	cs.AI cs.NE	Fuzzy and Multilayer Perceptron for Evaluation of HV Bushings	The work proposes the application of fuzzy set theory ( FST ) to diagnose the condition of high voltage bushings . The diagnosis uses dissolved gas analysis ( DGA ) data from bushings based on IEC60599 and IEEE C57-104 criteria for oil impregnated paper ( OIP ) bushings . FST and neural networks are compared in terms of accuracy and computational efficiency . Both FST and NN simulations were able to diagnose the bushings condition with 10 % error . By using fuzzy theory , the maintenance department can classify bushings and know the extent of degradation in the component .
0705.2307	cs.NE cs.AI	A Study in a Hybrid Centralised-Swarm Agent Community	This paper describes a systems architecture for a hybrid Centralised/Swarm based multi-agent system . The issue of local goal assignment for agents is investigated through the use of a global agent which teaches the agents responses to given situations . We implement a test problem in the form of a Pursuit game , where the Multi-Agent system is a set of captor agents . The agents learn solutions to certain board positions from the global agent if they are unable to find a solution . The captor agents learn through the use of multi-layer perceptron neural networks . The global agent is able to solve board positions through the use of a Genetic Algorithm . The cooperation between agents and the results of the simulation are discussed here . .
0705.2310	cs.AI	On-Line Condition Monitoring using Computational Intelligence	This paper presents bushing condition monitoring frameworks that use multi-layer perceptrons ( MLP ) , radial basis functions ( RBF ) and support vector machines ( SVM ) classifiers . The first level of the framework determines if the bushing is faulty or not while the second level determines the type of fault . The diagnostic gases in the bushings are analyzed using the dissolve gas analysis . MLP gives superior performance in terms of accuracy and training time than SVM and RBF . In addition , an on-line bushing condition monitoring approach , which is able to adapt to newly acquired data are introduced . This approach is able to accommodate new classes that are introduced by incoming data and is implemented using an incremental learning algorithm that uses MLP . The testing results improved from 67.5 % to 95.8 % as new data were introduced and the testing results improved from 60 % to 95.3 % as new conditions were introduced . On average the confidence value of the framework on its decision was 0.92 .
0705.2313	cs.DC cs.CR cs.NI	TrustMIX : Trustworthy MIX for Energy Saving in Sensor Networks	MIX has recently been proposed as a new sensor scheme with better energy management for data-gathering in Wireless Sensor Networks . However , it is not known how it performs when some of the sensors carry out sinkhole attacks . In this paper , we propose a variant of MIX with adjunct computational trust management to limit the impact of such sinkhole attacks . We evaluate how MIX resists sinkhole attacks with and without computational trust management . The main result of this paper is to find that MIX is very vulnerable to sinkhole attacks but that the adjunct trust management efficiently reduces the impact of such attacks while preserving the main feature of MIX : increased lifetime of the network .
0705.2318	cs.LG cond-mat.dis-nn	Statistical Mechanics of Nonlinear On-line Learning for Ensemble Teachers	We analyze the generalization performance of a student in a model composed of nonlinear perceptrons : a true teacher , ensemble teachers , and the student . We calculate the generalization error of the student analytically or numerically using statistical mechanics in the framework of on-line learning . We treat two well-known learning rules : Hebbian learning and perceptron learning . As a result , it is proven that the nonlinear model shows qualitatively different behaviors from the linear model . Moreover , it is clarified that Hebbian learning and perceptron learning show qualitatively different behaviors from each other . In Hebbian learning , we can analytically obtain the solutions . In this case , the generalization error monotonically decreases . The steady value of the generalization error is independent of the learning rate . The larger the number of teachers is and the more variety the ensemble teachers have , the smaller the generalization error is . In perceptron learning , we have to numerically obtain the solutions . In this case , the dynamical behaviors of the generalization error are non-monotonic . The smaller the learning rate is , the larger the number of teachers is ; and the more variety the ensemble teachers have , the smaller the minimum value of the generalization error is .
0705.2351	cs.OH	The Use of ITIL for Process Optimisation in the IT Service Centre of Harz University , exemplified in the Release Management Process	This paper details the use of the IT Infrastructure Library Framework ( ITIL ) for optimising process workflows in the IT Service Centre of Harz University in Wernigerode , Germany , exemplified by the Release Management Process . It is described , how , during the course of a special ITIL project , the As-Is-Status of the various original processes was documented as part of the process life cycle and then transformed in the To-Be-Status , according to the ITIL Best Practice Framework . It is also shown , how the ITIL framework fits into the four-layered-process model , that could be derived from interviews with the universities IT support staff , and how the various modified processes interconnect with each other to form a value chain . The paper highlights the final results of the project and gives an outlook on the future use of ITIL as a business modelling tool in the IT Service Centre of Harz University . It is currently being considered , whether the process model developed during the project could be used as a reference model for other university IT centres .
0705.2435	cs.IT math.IT	Reduced Complexity Sphere Decoding for Square QAM via a New Lattice Representation	Sphere decoding ( SD ) is a low complexity maximum likelihood ( ML ) detection algorithm , which has been adapted for different linear channels in digital communications . The complexity of the SD has been shown to be exponential in some cases , and polynomial in others and under certain assumptions . The sphere radius and the number of nodes visited throughout the tree traversal search are the decisive factors for the complexity of the algorithm . The radius problem has been addressed and treated widely in the literature . In this paper , we propose a new structure for SD , which drastically reduces the overall complexity . The complexity is measured in terms of the floating point operations per second ( FLOPS ) and the number of nodes visited throughout the algorithm tree search . This reduction in the complexity is due to the ability of decoding the real and imaginary parts of each jointly detected symbol independently of each other , making use of the new lattice representation . We further show by simulations that the new approach achieves 80 % reduction in the overall complexity compared to the conventional SD for a 2x2 system , and almost 50 % reduction for the 4x4 and 6x6 cases , thus relaxing the requirements for hardware implementation .
