0706.1563	cs.NI	Optimal Choice of Threshold in Two Level Processor Sharing	We analyze the Two Level Processor Sharing ( TLPS ) scheduling discipline with the hyper-exponential job size distribution and with the Poisson arrival process . TLPS is a convenient model to study the benefit of the file size based differentiation in TCP/IP networks . In the case of the hyper-exponential job size distribution with two phases , we find a closed form analytic expression for the expected sojourn time and an approximation for the optimal value of the threshold that minimizes the expected sojourn time . In the case of the hyper-exponential job size distribution with more than two phases , we derive a tight upper bound for the expected sojourn time conditioned on the job size . We show that when the variance of the job size distribution increases , the gain in system performance increases and the sensitivity to the choice of the threshold near its optimal value decreases .
0706.1614	cs.DC cs.GT	Non-Cooperative Scheduling of Multiple Bag-of-Task Applications	Multiple applications that execute concurrently on heterogeneous platforms compete for CPU and network resources . In this paper we analyze the behavior of $ K $ non-cooperative schedulers using the optimal strategy that maximize their efficiency while fairness is ensured at a system level ignoring applications characteristics . We limit our study to simple single-level master-worker platforms and to the case where each scheduler is in charge of a single application consisting of a large number of independent tasks . The tasks of a given application all have the same computation and communication requirements , but these requirements can vary from one application to another . In this context , we assume that each scheduler aims at maximizing its throughput . We give closed-form formula of the equilibrium reached by such a system and study its performance . We characterize the situations where this Nash equilibrium is optimal ( in the Pareto sense ) and show that even though no catastrophic situation ( Braess-like paradox ) can occur , such an equilibrium can be arbitrarily bad for any classical performance measure .
0706.1617	cs.GT	Relative Strength of Strategy Elimination Procedures	We compare here the relative strength of four widely used procedures on finite strategic games : iterated elimination of weakly/strictly dominated strategies by a pure/mixed strategy . A complication is that none of these procedures is based on a monotonic operator . To deal with this problem we use 'global ' versions of these operators .
0706.1642	cs.DM math.CO	On the growth of components with non fixed excesses	Denote by an $ l $ -component a connected graph with $ l $ edges more than vertices . We prove that the expected number of creations of $ ( l+1 ) $ -component , by means of adding a new edge to an $ l $ -component in a randomly growing graph with $ n $ vertices , tends to 1 as $ l , n $ tends to $ \infty $ but with $ l = o ( n^ { 1/4 } ) $ . We also show , under the same conditions on $ l $ and $ n $ , that the expected number of vertices that ever belong to an $ l $ -component is $ \sim ( 12l ) ^ { 1/3 } n^ { 2/3 } $ .
0706.1665	cs.DM math.CO	Another Proof of Wright 's Inequalities	We present a short way of proving the inequalities obtained by Wright in [ Journal of Graph Theory , 4 : 393 - 407 ( 1980 ) ] concerning the number of connected graphs with $ \ell $ edges more than vertices .
0706.1692	cs.AR	A Methodology for Efficient Space-Time Adapter Design Space Exploration : A Case Study of an Ultra Wide Band Interleaver	This paper presents a solution to efficiently explore the design space of communication adapters . In most digital signal processing ( DSP ) applications , the overall architecture of the system is significantly affected by communication architecture , so the designers need specifically optimized adapters . By explicitly modeling these communications within an effective graph-theoretic model and analysis framework , we automatically generate an optimized architecture , named Space-Time AdapteR ( STAR ) . Our design flow inputs a C description of Input/Output data scheduling , and user requirements ( throughput , latency , parallelism ... ) , and formalizes communication constraints through a Resource Constraints Graph ( RCG ) . The RCG properties enable an efficient architecture space exploration in order to synthesize a STAR component . The proposed approach has been tested to design an industrial data mixing block example : an Ultra-Wideband interleaver .
0706.1700	cs.IT math.IT	Information Criteria and Arithmetic Codings : An Illustration on Raw Images	In this paper we give a short theoretical description of the general predictive adaptive arithmetic coding technique . The links between this technique and the works of J. Rissanen in the 80 's , in particular the BIC information criterion used in parametrical model selection problems , are established . We also design lossless and lossy coding techniques of images . The lossless technique uses a mix between fixed-length coding and arithmetic coding and provides better compression results than those separate methods . That technique is also seen to have an interesting application in the domain of statistics since it gives a data-driven procedure for the non-parametrical histogram selection problem . The lossy technique uses only predictive adaptive arithmetic codes and shows how a good choice of the order of prediction might lead to better results in terms of compression . We illustrate those coding techniques on a raw grayscale image .
0706.1716	cs.IT math.IT	Modeling and analysis using hybrid Petri nets	This paper is devoted to the use of hybrid Petri nets ( PNs ) for modeling and control of hybrid dynamic systems ( HDS ) . Modeling , analysis and control of HDS attract ever more of researchers ' attention and several works have been devoted to these topics . We consider in this paper the extensions of the PN formalism ( initially conceived for modeling and analysis of discrete event systems ) in the direction of hybrid modeling . We present , first , the continuous PN models . These models are obtained from discrete PNs by the fluidification of the markings . They constitute the first steps in the extension of PNs toward hybrid modeling . Then , we present two hybrid PN models , which differ in the class of HDS they can deal with . The first one is used for deterministic HDS modeling , whereas the second one can deal with HDS with nondeterministic behavior . Keywords : Hybrid dynamic systems ; D-elementary hybrid Petri nets ; Hybrid automata ; Controller synthesis
0706.1751	cs.IT math.IT	MacWilliams Identity for Codes with the Rank Metric	The MacWilliams identity , which relates the weight distribution of a code to the weight distribution of its dual code , is useful in determining the weight distribution of codes . In this paper , we derive the MacWilliams identity for linear codes with the rank metric , and our identity has a different form than that by Delsarte . Using our MacWilliams identity , we also derive related identities for rank metric codes . These identities parallel the binomial and power moment identities derived for codes with the Hamming metric .
0706.1755	cs.CR	FreeBSD Mandatory Access Control Usage for Implementing Enterprise Security Policies	FreeBSD was one of the first widely deployed free operating systems to provide mandatory access control . It supports a number of classic MAC models . This tutorial paper addresses exploiting this implementation to enforce typical enterprise security policies of varying complexities .
0706.1780	cs.HC	Le travail collaboratif dans le cadre d'un projet architectural	The analysis of the practices and the tendencies of the users at the time of the search for information on Internet makes it possible to highlight several points . The search for information becomes powerful after knowledge of the typology of the various systems of research . This typology supports the adoption of a methodology of research which one can characterize by pull systems , intelligent agents , etc . In addition , the importance of the structure of the electronic document , correctly elaborated in advance , will support a higher relevance ratio to find information . In our article , the problems turn around the study of the behavior of the users in situation of search for information , as well as the constitution of a pole of documentary resources within a framework of an architectural project . It is noted that the evolution of the documentary resources is related to information technologies .
0706.1790	cs.GT	How to measure efficiency ?	In the context of applied game theory in networking environments , a number of concepts have been proposed to measure both efficiency and optimality of resource allocations , the most famous certainly being the price of anarchy and the Jain index . Yet , very few have tried to question these measures and compare them one to another , in a general framework , which is the aim of the present article .
