0710.2419	cs.LO cs.GT math.LO	The Variable Hierarchy for the Games mu-Calculus	Parity games are combinatorial representations of closed Boolean mu-terms . By adding to them draw positions , they have been organized by Arnold and one of the authors into a mu-calculus . As done by Berwanger et al . for the propositional modal mu-calculus , it is possible to classify parity games into levels of a hierarchy according to the number of fixed-point variables . We ask whether this hierarchy collapses w.r.t . the standard interpretation of the games mu-calculus into the class of all complete lattices . We answer this question negatively by providing , for each n > = 1 , a parity game Gn with these properties : it unravels to a mu-term built up with n fixed-point variables , it is semantically equivalent to no game with strictly less than n-2 fixed-point variables .
0710.2446	cs.CL cs.AI cs.LG	The structure of verbal sequences analyzed with unsupervised learning techniques	Data mining allows the exploration of sequences of phenomena , whereas one usually tends to focus on isolated phenomena or on the relation between two phenomena . It offers invaluable tools for theoretical analyses and exploration of the structure of sentences , texts , dialogues , and speech . We report here the results of an attempt at using it for inspecting sequences of verbs from French accounts of road accidents . This analysis comes from an original approach of unsupervised training allowing the discovery of the structure of sequential data . The entries of the analyzer were only made of the verbs appearing in the sentences . It provided a classification of the links between two successive verbs into four distinct clusters , allowing thus text segmentation . We give here an interpretation of these clusters by applying a statistical analysis to independent semantic annotations .
0710.2505	cs.LO	Generic Trace Semantics via Coinduction	Trace semantics has been defined for various kinds of state-based systems , notably with different forms of branching such as non-determinism vs. probability . In this paper we claim to identify one underlying mathematical structure behind these `` trace semantics , '' namely coinduction in a Kleisli category . This claim is based on our technical result that , under a suitably order-enriched setting , a final coalgebra in a Kleisli category is given by an initial algebra in the category Sets . Formerly the theory of coalgebras has been employed mostly in Sets where coinduction yields a finer process semantics of bisimilarity . Therefore this paper extends the application field of coalgebras , providing a new instance of the principle `` process semantics via coinduction . ''
0710.2532	cs.DS	Sleeping on the Job : Energy-Efficient Broadcast for Radio Networks	We address the problem of minimizing power consumption when performing reliable broadcast on a radio network under the following popular model . Each node in the network is located on a point in a two dimensional grid , and whenever a node sends a message , all awake nodes within distance r receive the message . In the broadcast problem , some node wants to successfully send a message to all other nodes in the network even when up to a 1/2 fraction of the nodes within every neighborhood can be deleted by an adversary . The set of deleted nodes is carefully chosen by the adversary to foil our algorithm and moreover , the set of deleted nodes may change periodically . This models worst-case behavior due to mobile nodes , static nodes losing power or simply some points in the grid being unoccupied . A trivial solution requires each node in the network to be awake roughly 1/2 the time , and a trivial lower bound shows that each node must be awake for at least a 1/n fraction of the time . Our first result is an algorithm that requires each node to be awake for only a 1/sqrt ( n ) fraction of the time in expectation . Our algorithm achieves this while ensuring correctness with probability 1 , and keeping optimal values for other resource costs such as latency and number of messages sent . We give a lower-bound that shows that this reduction in power consumption is asymptotically optimal when latency and number of messages sent must be optimal . If we can increase the latency and messages sent by only a log*n factor we give a Las Vegas algorithm that requires each node to be awake for only a ( log*n ) /n expected fraction of the time ; we give a lower-bound showing that this second algorithm is near optimal . Finally , we show how to ensure energy-efficient broadcast in the presence of Byzantine faults .
0710.2553	cs.IT math.IT	Capacity of Linear Two-hop Mesh Networks with Rate Splitting , Decode-and-forward Relaying and Cooperation	A linear mesh network is considered in which a single user per cell communicates to a local base station via a dedicated relay ( two-hop communication ) . Exploiting the possibly relevant inter-cell channel gains , rate splitting with successive cancellation in both hops is investigated as a promising solution to improve the rate of basic single-rate communications . Then , an alternative solution is proposed that attempts to improve the performance of the second hop ( from the relays to base stations ) by cooperative transmission among the relay stations . The cooperative scheme leverages the common information obtained by the relays as a by-product of the use of rate splitting in the first hop . Numerical results bring insight into the conditions ( network topology and power constraints ) under which rate splitting , with possible relay cooperation , is beneficial . Multi-cell processing ( joint decoding at the base stations ) is also considered for reference .
