0708.0712	cs.GR	Virtual Environments for Training : From Individual Learning to Collaboration with Humanoids	The next generation of virtual environments for training is oriented towards collaborative aspects . Therefore , we have decided to enhance our platform for virtual training environments , adding collaboration opportunities and integrating humanoids . In this paper we put forward a model of humanoid that suits both virtual humans and representations of real users , according to collaborative training activities . We suggest adaptations to the scenario model of our platform making it possible to write collaborative procedures . We introduce a mechanism of action selection made up of a global repartition and an individual choice . These models are currently being integrated and validated in GVT , a virtual training tool for maintenance of military equipments , developed in collaboration with the French company NEXTER-Group .
0708.0713	cs.LO	Edit and verify	Automated theorem provers are used in extended static checking , where they are the performance bottleneck . Extended static checkers are run typically after incremental changes to the code . We propose to exploit this usage pattern to improve performance . We present two approaches of how to do so and a full solution .
0708.0741	cs.IR	Characterising Web Site Link Structure	The topological structures of the Internet and the Web have received considerable attention . However , there has been little research on the topological properties of individual web sites . In this paper , we consider whether web sites ( as opposed to the entire Web ) exhibit structural similarities . To do so , we exhaustively crawled 18 web sites as diverse as governmental departments , commercial companies and university departments in different countries . These web sites consisted of as little as a few thousand pages to millions of pages . Statistical analysis of these 18 sites revealed that the internal link structure of the web sites are significantly different when measured with first and second-order topological properties , i.e . properties based on the connectivity of an individual or a pairs of nodes . However , examination of a third-order topological property that consider the connectivity between three nodes that form a triangle , revealed a strong correspondence across web sites , suggestive of an invariant . Comparison with the Web , the AS Internet , and a citation network , showed that this third-order property is not shared across other types of networks . Nor is the property exhibited in generative network models such as that of Barabasi and Albert .
0708.0805	cs.IT math.IT	Cooperative Beamforming for Wireless Ad Hoc Networks	Via collaborative beamforming , nodes in a wireless network are able to transmit a common message over long distances in an energy efficient fashion . However , the process of making available the same message to all collaborating nodes introduces delays . In this paper , a MAC-PHY cross-layer scheme is proposed that enables collaborative beamforming at significantly reduced collaboration overhead . It consists of two phases . In the first phase , nodes transmit locally in a random access time-slotted fashion . Simultaneous transmissions from multiple source nodes are viewed as linear mixtures of all transmitted packets . In the second phase , a set of collaborating nodes , acting as a distributed antenna system , beamform the received analog waveform to one or more faraway destinations . This step requires multiplication of the received analog waveform by a complex weight , which is independently computed by each cooperating node , and which allows packets bound to the same destination to add coherently at the destination node . Assuming that each node has access to location information , the proposed scheme can achieve high throughput , which in certain cases exceeds one . An analysis of the symbol error probability corresponding to the proposed scheme is provided .
0708.0846	cs.IT cs.GT math.IT	Cooperative game theory and the Gaussian interference channel	In this paper we discuss the use of cooperative game theory for analyzing interference channels . We extend our previous work , to games with N players as well as frequency selective channels and joint TDM/FDM strategies . We show that the Nash bargaining solution can be computed using convex optimization techniques . We also show that the same results are applicable to interference channels where only statistical knowledge of the channel is available . Moreover , for the special case of two players $ 2\times K $ frequency selective channel ( with K frequency bins ) we provide an $ O ( K \log_2 K ) $ complexity algorithm for computing the Nash bargaining solution under mask constraint and using joint FDM/TDM strategies . Simulation results are also provided .
0708.0850	cs.IT math.IT	Relations between random coding exponents and the statistical physics of random codes	The partition function pertaining to finite -- temperature decoding of a ( typical ) randomly chosen code is known to have three types of behavior , corresponding to three phases in the plane of rate vs. temperature : the { \it ferromagnetic phase } , corresponding to correct decoding , the { \it paramagnetic phase } , of complete disorder , which is dominated by exponentially many incorrect codewords , and the { \it glassy phase } ( or the condensed phase ) , where the system is frozen at minimum energy and dominated by subexponentially many incorrect codewords . We show that the statistical physics associated with the two latter phases are intimately related to random coding exponents . In particular , the exponent associated with the probability of correct decoding at rates above capacity is directly related to the free energy in the glassy phase , and the exponent associated with probability of error ( the error exponent ) at rates below capacity , is strongly related to the free energy in the paramagnetic phase . In fact , we derive alternative expressions of these exponents in terms of the corresponding free energies , and make an attempt to obtain some insights from these expressions . Finally , as a side result , we also compare the phase diagram associated with a simple finite-temperature universal decoder for discrete memoryless channels , to that of the finite -- temperature decoder that is aware of the channel statistics .
