0712.3896	cs.IT math.IT	Tighter and Stable Bounds for Marcum Q-Function	This paper proposes new bounds for Marcum Q-function , which prove extremely tight and outperform all the bounds previously proposed in the literature . What is more , the proposed bounds are good and stable both for large values and small values of the parameters of the Marcum Q-function , where the previously introduced bounds are bad and even useless under some conditions . The new bounds are derived by refined approximations for the 0th order modified Bessel function in the integration region of the Marcum Q-function . They should be useful since they are always tight no matter the parameters are large or small .
0712.3916	cs.CR cs.DM math.AG	Discrete logarithms in curves over finite fields	A survey on algorithms for computing discrete logarithms in Jacobians of curves over finite fields .
0712.3925	cs.SE cs.DB quant-ph	QIS-XML : A metadata specification for Quantum Information Science	While Quantum Information Science ( QIS ) is still in its infancy , the ability for quantum based hardware or computers to communicate and integrate with their classical counterparts will be a major requirement towards their success . Little attention however has been paid to this aspect of QIS . To manage and exchange information between systems , today 's classic Information Technology ( IT ) commonly uses the eXtensible Markup Language ( XML ) and its related tools . XML is composed of numerous specifications related to various fields of expertise . No such global specification however has been defined for quantum computers . QIS-XML is a proposed XML metadata specification for the description of fundamental components of QIS ( gates & circuits ) and a platform for the development of a hardware independent low level pseudo-code for quantum algorithms . This paper lays out the general characteristics of the QIS-XML specification and outlines practical applications through prototype use cases .
0712.3936	cs.DS cs.DM	Lagrangian Relaxation and Partial Cover	Lagrangian relaxation has been used extensively in the design of approximation algorithms . This paper studies its strengths and limitations when applied to Partial Cover .
0712.3964	cs.CR cs.MM	Cryptanalysis of an Image Encryption Scheme Based on a Compound Chaotic Sequence	Recently , an image encryption scheme based on a compound chaotic sequence was proposed . In this paper , the security of the scheme is studied and the following problems are found : ( 1 ) a differential chosen-plaintext attack can break the scheme with only three chosen plain-images ; ( 2 ) there is a number of weak keys and some equivalent keys for encryption ; ( 3 ) the scheme is not sensitive to the changes of plain-images ; and ( 4 ) the compound chaotic sequence does not work as a good random number resource .
