0707.3248	cs.IT math.IT	Decentralized sequential change detection using physical layer fusion	The problem of decentralized sequential detection with conditionally independent observations is studied . The sensors form a star topology with a central node called fusion center as the hub . The sensors make noisy observations of a parameter that changes from an initial state to a final state at a random time where the random change time has a geometric distribution . The sensors amplify and forward the observations over a wireless Gaussian multiple access channel and operate under either a power constraint or an energy constraint . The optimal transmission strategy at each stage is shown to be the one that maximizes a certain Ali-Silvey distance between the distributions for the hypotheses before and after the change . Simulations demonstrate that the proposed analog technique has lower detection delays when compared with existing schemes . Simulations further demonstrate that the energy-constrained formulation enables better use of the total available energy than the power-constrained formulation in the change detection problem .
0707.3263	cs.DC cs.CE hep-ex	Autonomous tools for Grid management , monitoring and optimization	We outline design and lines of development of autonomous tools for the computing Grid management , monitoring and optimization . The management is proposed to be based on the notion of utility . Grid optimization is considered to be application-oriented . A generic Grid simulator is proposed as an optimization tool for Grid structure and functionality .
0707.3269	cs.CL	International Standard for a Linguistic Annotation Framework	This paper describes the Linguistic Annotation Framework under development within ISO TC37 SC4 WG1 . The Linguistic Annotation Framework is intended to serve as a basis for harmonizing existing language resources as well as developing new ones .
0707.3270	cs.CL	A Formal Model of Dictionary Structure and Content	We show that a general model of lexical information conforms to an abstract model that reflects the hierarchy of information found in a typical dictionary entry . We show that this model can be mapped into a well-formed XML document , and how the XSL transformation language can be used to implement a semantics defined over the abstract model to enable extraction and manipulation of the information in any format .
