0710.3439	cs.NI	Utility-Based Wireless Resource Allocation for Variable Rate Transmission	For most wireless services with variable rate transmission , both average rate and rate oscillation are important performance metrics . The traditional performance criterion , utility of average transmission rate , boosts the average rate but also results in high rate oscillations . We introduce a utility function of instantaneous transmission rates . It is capable of facilitating the resource allocation with flexible combinations of average rate and rate oscillation . Based on the new utility , we consider the time and power allocation in a time-shared wireless network . Two adaptation policies are developed , namely , time sharing ( TS ) and joint time sharing and power control ( JTPC ) . An extension to quantized time sharing with limited channel feedback ( QTSL ) for practical systems is also discussed . Simulation results show that by controlling the concavity of the utility function , a tradeoff between the average rate and rate oscillation can be easily made .
0710.3443	cs.AR	DPA on quasi delay insensitive asynchronous circuits : formalization and improvement	The purpose of this paper is to formally specify a flow devoted to the design of Differential Power Analysis ( DPA ) resistant QDI asynchronous circuits . The paper first proposes a formal modeling of the electrical signature of QDI asynchronous circuits . The DPA is then applied to the formal model in order to identify the source of leakage of this type of circuits . Finally , a complete design flow is specified to minimize the information leakage . The relevancy and efficiency of the approach is demonstrated using the design of an AES crypto-processor .
0710.3502	cs.CL cs.IR	Using Synchronic and Diachronic Relations for Summarizing Multiple Documents Describing Evolving Events	In this paper we present a fresh look at the problem of summarizing evolving events from multiple sources . After a discussion concerning the nature of evolving events we introduce a distinction between linearly and non-linearly evolving events . We present then a general methodology for the automatic creation of summaries from evolving events . At its heart lie the notions of Synchronic and Diachronic cross-document Relations ( SDRs ) , whose aim is the identification of similarities and differences between sources , from a synchronical and diachronical perspective . SDRs do not connect documents or textual elements found therein , but structures one might call messages . Applying this methodology will yield a set of messages and relations , SDRs , connecting them , that is a graph which we call grid . We will show how such a grid can be considered as the starting point of a Natural Language Generation System . The methodology is evaluated in two case-studies , one for linearly evolving events ( descriptions of football matches ) and another one for non-linearly evolving events ( terrorist incidents involving hostages ) . In both cases we evaluate the results produced by our computational systems .
0710.3519	cs.CC	P-matrix recognition is co-NP-complete	This is a summary of the proof by G.E . Coxson that P-matrix recognition is co-NP-complete . The result follows by a reduction from the MAX CUT problem using results of S. Poljak and J. Rohn .
0710.3535	cs.AR	JANUS : an FPGA-based System for High Performance Scientific Computing	This paper describes JANUS , a modular massively parallel and reconfigurable FPGA-based computing system . Each JANUS module has a computational core and a host . The computational core is a 4x4 array of FPGA-based processing elements with nearest-neighbor data links . Processors are also directly connected to an I/O node attached to the JANUS host , a conventional PC . JANUS is tailored for , but not limited to , the requirements of a class of hard scientific applications characterized by regular code structure , unconventional data manipulation instructions and not too large data-base size . We discuss the architecture of this configurable machine , and focus on its use on Monte Carlo simulations of statistical mechanics . On this class of application JANUS achieves impressive performances : in some cases one JANUS processing element outperfoms high-end PCs by a factor ~ 1000 . We also discuss the role of JANUS on other classes of scientific applications .
0710.3536	cs.GT	Common Beliefs and Public Announcements in Strategic Games with Arbitrary Strategy Sets	We provide an epistemic analysis of arbitrary strategic games based on possibility correspondences . We first establish a generic result that links true common beliefs ( and , respectively , common knowledge ) of players' rationality defined by means of `monotonic ' properties , with the iterated elimination of strategies that do not satisfy these properties . It allows us to deduce the customary results concerned with true common beliefs of rationality and iterated elimination of strictly dominated strategies as simple corollaries . This approach relies on Tarski 's Fixpoint Theorem . We also provide an axiomatic presentation of this generic result . This allows us to clarify the proof-theoretic principles assumed in players ' reasoning . Finally , we provide an alternative characterization of the iterated elimination of strategies based on the concept of a public announcement . It applies to `global properties ' . Both classes of properties include the notions of rationalizability and the iterated elimination of strictly dominated strategies .
0710.3561	cs.AI cond-mat.stat-mech cs.NE	Stationary probability density of stochastic search processes in global optimization	A method for the construction of approximate analytical expressions for the stationary marginal densities of general stochastic search processes is proposed . By the marginal densities , regions of the search space that with high probability contain the global optima can be readily defined . The density estimation procedure involves a controlled number of linear operations , with a computational cost per iteration that grows linearly with problem size .
0710.3603	cs.DM cs.DS math.CO	On a Clique-Based Integer Programming Formulation of Vertex Colouring with Applications in Course Timetabling	Vertex colouring is a well-known problem in combinatorial optimisation , whose alternative integer programming formulations have recently attracted considerable attention . This paper briefly surveys seven known formulations of vertex colouring and introduces a formulation of vertex colouring using a suitable clique partition of the graph . This formulation is applicable in timetabling applications , where such a clique partition of the conflict graph is given implicitly . In contrast with some alternatives , the presented formulation can also be easily extended to accommodate complex performance indicators ( `` soft constraints '' ) imposed in a number of real-life course timetabling applications . Its performance depends on the quality of the clique partition , but encouraging empirical results for the Udine Course Timetabling problem are reported .
0710.3621	cs.CE physics.comp-ph	Numerical removal of water-vapor effects from THz-TDS measurements	One source of disturbance in a pulsed T-ray signal is attributed to ambient water vapor . Water molecules in the gas phase selectively absorb T-rays at discrete frequencies corresponding to their molecular rotational transitions . This results in prominent resonances spread over the T-ray spectrum , and in the time domain the T-ray signal is observed as fluctuations after the main pulse . These effects are generally undesired , since they may mask critical spectroscopic data . So , ambient water vapor is commonly removed from the T-ray path by using a closed chamber during the measurement . Yet , in some applications a closed chamber is not applicable . This situation , therefore , motivates the need for another method to reduce these unwanted artifacts . This paper presents a study on a computational means to address the problem . Initially , a complex frequency response of water vapor is modeled from a spectroscopic catalog . Using a deconvolution technique , together with fine tuning of the strength of each resonance , parts of the water-vapor response are removed from a measured T-ray signal , with minimal signal distortion .
