0707.0323	cs.IT math.IT	Interference Alignment and the Degrees of Freedom for the K User Interference Channel	While the best known outerbound for the K user interference channel states that there can not be more than K/2 degrees of freedom , it has been conjectured that in general the constant interference channel with any number of users has only one degree of freedom . In this paper , we explore the spatial degrees of freedom per orthogonal time and frequency dimension for the K user wireless interference channel where the channel coefficients take distinct values across frequency slots but are fixed in time . We answer five closely related questions . First , we show that K/2 degrees of freedom can be achieved by channel design , i.e . if the nodes are allowed to choose the best constant , finite and nonzero channel coefficient values . Second , we show that if channel coefficients can not be controlled by the nodes but are selected by nature , i.e. , randomly drawn from a continuous distribution , the total number of spatial degrees of freedom for the K user interference channel is almost surely K/2 per orthogonal time and frequency dimension . Thus , only half the spatial degrees of freedom are lost due to distributed processing of transmitted and received signals on the interference channel . Third , we show that interference alignment and zero forcing suffice to achieve all the degrees of freedom in all cases . Fourth , we show that the degrees of freedom $ D $ directly lead to an $ \mathcal { O } ( 1 ) $ capacity characterization of the form $ C ( SNR ) =D\log ( 1+SNR ) +\mathcal { O } ( 1 ) $ for the multiple access channel , the broadcast channel , the 2 user interference channel , the 2 user MIMO X channel and the 3 user interference channel with M > 1 antennas at each node . Fifth , we characterize the degree of freedom benefits from cognitive sharing of messages on the 3 user interference channel .
0707.0365	cs.DC	Performance Analysis of Publish/Subscribe Systems	The Desktop Grid offers solutions to overcome several challenges and to answer increasingly needs of scientific computing . Its technology consists mainly in exploiting resources , geographically dispersed , to treat complex applications needing big power of calculation and/or important storage capacity . However , as resources number increases , the need for scalability , self-organisation , dynamic reconfigurations , decentralisation and performance becomes more and more essential . Since such properties are exhibited by P2P systems , the convergence of grid computing and P2P computing seems natural . In this context , this paper evaluates the scalability and performance of P2P tools for discovering and registering services . Three protocols are used for this purpose : Bonjour , Avahi and Free-Pastry . We have studied the behaviour of theses protocols related to two criteria : the elapsed time for registrations services and the needed time to discover new services . Our aim is to analyse these results in order to choose the best protocol we can use in order to create a decentralised middleware for desktop grid .
0707.0397	cs.CR cs.MM	Robust Audio Watermarking Against the D/A and A/D conversions	Audio watermarking has played an important role in multimedia security . In many applications using audio watermarking , D/A and A/D conversions ( denoted by DA/AD in this paper ) are often involved . In previous works , however , the robustness issue of audio watermarking against the DA/AD conversions has not drawn sufficient attention yet . In our extensive investigation , it has been found that the degradation of a watermarked audio signal caused by the DA/AD conversions manifests itself mainly in terms of wave magnitude distortion and linear temporal scaling , making the watermark extraction failed . Accordingly , a DWT-based audio watermarking algorithm robust against the DA/AD conversions is proposed in this paper . To resist the magnitude distortion , the relative energy relationships among different groups of the DWT coefficients in the low-frequency sub-band are utilized in watermark embedding by adaptively controlling the embedding strength . Furthermore , the resynchronization is designed to cope with the linear temporal scaling . The time-frequency localization characteristics of DWT are exploited to save the computational load in the resynchronization . Consequently , the proposed audio watermarking algorithm is robust against the DA/AD conversions , other common audio processing manipulations , and the attacks in StirMark Benchmark for Audio , which has been verified by experiments .
0707.0421	cs.DB cs.CC cs.DS	The $ k $ -anonymity Problem is Hard	The problem of publishing personal data without giving up privacy is becoming increasingly important . An interesting formalization recently proposed is the k-anonymity . This approach requires that the rows in a table are clustered in sets of size at least k and that all the rows in a cluster become the same tuple , after the suppression of some records . The natural optimization problem , where the goal is to minimize the number of suppressed entries , is known to be NP-hard when the values are over a ternary alphabet , k = 3 and the rows length is unbounded . In this paper we give a lower bound on the approximation factor that any polynomial-time algorithm can achive on two restrictions of the problem , namely ( i ) when the records values are over a binary alphabet and k = 3 , and ( ii ) when the records have length at most 8 and k = 4 , showing that these restrictions of the problem are APX-hard .
0707.0430	cs.CC	Assisted Problem Solving and Decompositions of Finite Automata	A study of assisted problem solving formalized via decompositions of deterministic finite automata is initiated . The landscape of new types of decompositions of finite automata this study uncovered is presented . Languages with various degrees of decomposability between undecomposable and perfectly decomposable are shown to exist .
0707.0454	cs.IT math.IT	Optimal Strategies for Gaussian Jamming in Block-Fading Channels under Delay and Power Constraints	Without assuming any knowledge on source 's codebook and its output signals , we formulate a Gaussian jamming problem in block fading channels as a two-player zero sum game . The outage probability is adopted as an objective function , over which transmitter aims at minimization and jammer aims at maximization by selecting their power control strategies . Optimal power control strategies for each player are obtained under both short-term and long-term power constraints . For the latter case , we first prove the non-existence of a Nash equilibrium , and then provide a complete solution for both maxmin and minimax problems . Numerical results demonstrate a sharp difference between the outage probabilities of the minimax and maxmin solutions .
0707.0459	cs.IT cs.NI math.IT	Physical Network Coding in Two-Way Wireless Relay Channels	It has recently been recognized that the wireless networks represent a fertile ground for devising communication modes based on network coding . A particularly suitable application of the network coding arises for the two -- way relay channels , where two nodes communicate with each other assisted by using a third , relay node . Such a scenario enables application of \emph { physical network coding } , where the network coding is either done ( a ) jointly with the channel coding or ( b ) through physical combining of the communication flows over the multiple access channel . In this paper we first group the existing schemes for physical network coding into two generic schemes , termed 3 -- step and 2 -- step scheme , respectively . We investigate the conditions for maximization of the two -- way rate for each individual scheme : ( 1 ) the Decode -- and -- Forward ( DF ) 3 -- step schemes ( 2 ) three different schemes with two steps : Amplify -- and -- Forward ( AF ) , JDF and Denoise -- and -- Forward ( DNF ) . While the DNF scheme has a potential to offer the best two -- way rate , the most interesting result of the paper is that , for some SNR configurations of the source -- relay links , JDF yields identical maximal two -- way rate as the upper bound on the rate for DNF .
0707.0463	cs.IT math.IT	Blind Estimation of Multiple Carrier Frequency Offsets	Multiple carrier-frequency offsets ( CFO ) arise in a distributed antenna system , where data are transmitted simultaneously from multiple antennas . In such systems the received signal contains multiple CFOs due to mismatch between the local oscillators of transmitters and receiver . This results in a time-varying rotation of the data constellation , which needs to be compensated for at the receiver before symbol recovery . This paper proposes a new approach for blind CFO estimation and symbol recovery . The received base-band signal is over-sampled , and its polyphase components are used to formulate a virtual Multiple-Input Multiple-Output ( MIMO ) problem . By applying blind MIMO system estimation techniques , the system response is estimated and used to subsequently transform the multiple CFOs estimation problem into many independent single CFO estimation problems . Furthermore , an initial estimate of the CFO is obtained from the phase of the MIMO system response . The Cramer-Rao Lower bound is also derived , and the large sample performance of the proposed estimator is compared to the bound .
0707.0476	cs.IT math.IT	Fractional Power Control for Decentralized Wireless Networks	We consider a new approach to power control in decentralized wireless networks , termed fractional power control ( FPC ) . Transmission power is chosen as the current channel quality raised to an exponent -s , where s is a constant between 0 and 1 . The choices s = 1 and s = 0 correspond to the familiar cases of channel inversion and constant power transmission , respectively . Choosing s in ( 0,1 ) allows all intermediate policies between these two extremes to be evaluated , and we see that usually neither extreme is ideal . We derive closed-form approximations for the outage probability relative to a target SINR in a decentralized ( ad hoc or unlicensed ) network as well as for the resulting transmission capacity , which is the number of users/m^2 that can achieve this SINR on average . Using these approximations , which are quite accurate over typical system parameter values , we prove that using an exponent of 1/2 minimizes the outage probability , meaning that the inverse square root of the channel strength is a sensible transmit power scaling for networks with a relatively low density of interferers . We also show numerically that this choice of s is robust to a wide range of variations in the network parameters . Intuitively , s=1/2 balances between helping disadvantaged users while making sure they do not flood the network with interference .
0707.0479	cs.IT math.IT	Precoding for the AWGN Channel with Discrete Interference	For a state-dependent DMC with input alphabet $ \mathcal { X } $ and state alphabet $ \mathcal { S } $ where the i.i.d . state sequence is known causally at the transmitter , it is shown that by using at most $ |\mathcal { X } ||\mathcal { S } |-|\mathcal { S } |+1 $ out of $ |\mathcal { X } |^ { |\mathcal { S } | } $ input symbols of the Shannon's \emph { associated } channel , the capacity is achievable . As an example of state-dependent channels with side information at the transmitter , $ M $ -ary signal transmission over AWGN channel with additive $ Q $ -ary interference where the sequence of i.i.d . interference symbols is known causally at the transmitter is considered . For the special case where the Gaussian noise power is zero , a sufficient condition , which is independent of interference , is given for the capacity to be $ \log_2 M $ bits per channel use . The problem of maximization of the transmission rate under the constraint that the channel input given any current interference symbol is uniformly distributed over the channel input alphabet is investigated . For this setting , the general structure of a communication system with optimal precoding is proposed .
0707.0498	cs.LG cs.AI cs.IT math.IT	The Role of Time in the Creation of Knowledge	This paper I assume that in humans the creation of knowledge depends on a discrete time , or stage , sequential decision-making process subjected to a stochastic , information transmitting environment . For each time-stage , this environment randomly transmits Shannon type information-packets to the decision-maker , who examines each of them for relevancy and then determines his optimal choices . Using this set of relevant information-packets , the decision-maker adapts , over time , to the stochastic nature of his environment , and optimizes the subjective expected rate-of-growth of knowledge . The decision-maker 's optimal actions , lead to a decision function that involves , over time , his view of the subjective entropy of the environmental process and other important parameters at each time-stage of the process . Using this model of human behavior , one could create psychometric experiments using computer simulation and real decision-makers , to play programmed games to measure the resulting human performance .
0707.0500	cs.IT math.IT	Location-Aided Fast Distributed Consensus in Wireless Networks	Existing works on distributed consensus explore linear iterations based on reversible Markov chains , which contribute to the slow convergence of the algorithms . It has been observed that by overcoming the diffusive behavior of reversible chains , certain nonreversible chains lifted from reversible ones mix substantially faster than the original chains . In this paper , we investigate the idea of accelerating distributed consensus via lifting Markov chains , and propose a class of Location-Aided Distributed Averaging ( LADA ) algorithms for wireless networks , where nodes ' coarse location information is used to construct nonreversible chains that facilitate distributed computing and cooperative processing . First , two general pseudo-algorithms are presented to illustrate the notion of distributed averaging through chain-lifting . These pseudo-algorithms are then respectively instantiated through one LADA algorithm on grid networks , and one on general wireless networks . For a $ k\times k $ grid network , the proposed LADA algorithm achieves an $ \epsilon $ -averaging time of $ O ( k\log ( \epsilon^ { -1 } ) ) $ . Based on this algorithm , in a wireless network with transmission range $ r $ , an $ \epsilon $ -averaging time of $ O ( r^ { -1 } \log ( \epsilon^ { -1 } ) ) $ can be attained through a centralized algorithm . Subsequently , we present a fully-distributed LADA algorithm for wireless networks , which utilizes only the direction information of neighbors to construct nonreversible chains . It is shown that this distributed LADA algorithm achieves the same scaling law in averaging time as the centralized scheme . Finally , we propose a cluster-based LADA ( C-LADA ) algorithm , which , requiring no central coordination , provides the additional benefit of reduced message complexity compared with the distributed LADA algorithm .
0707.0514	cs.IT cs.SD math.IT	Phase space methods and psychoacoustic models in lossy transform coding	I present a method for lossy transform coding of digital audio that uses the Weyl symbol calculus for constructing the encoding and decoding transformation . The method establishes a direct connection between a time-frequency representation of the signal dependent threshold of masked noise and the encode/decode pair . The formalism also offers a time-frequency measure of perceptual entropy .
