0705.0413	cs.DS cs.CG	Edges and Switches , Tunnels and Bridges	Edge casing is a well-known method to improve the readability of drawings of non-planar graphs . A cased drawing orders the edges of each edge crossing and interrupts the lower edge in an appropriate neighborhood of the crossing . Certain orders will lead to a more readable drawing than others . We formulate several optimization criteria that try to capture the concept of a `` good '' cased drawing . Further , we address the algorithmic question of how to turn a given drawing into an optimal cased drawing . For many of the resulting optimization problems , we either find polynomial time algorithms or NP-hardness results .
0705.0419	cs.LO cs.GT	Undirected Graphs of Entanglement Two	Entanglement is a complexity measure of directed graphs that origins in fixed point theory . This measure has shown its use in designing efficient algorithms to verify logical properties of transition systems . We are interested in the problem of deciding whether a graph has entanglement at most k. As this measure is defined by means of games , game theoretic ideas naturally lead to design polynomial algorithms that , for fixed k , decide the problem . Known characterizations of directed graphs of entanglement at most 1 lead , for k = 1 , to design even faster algorithms . In this paper we present an explicit characterization of undirected graphs of entanglement at most 2 . With such a characterization at hand , we devise a linear time algorithm to decide whether an undirected graph has this property .
0705.0422	cs.DM cs.NI	Frugal Colouring of Graphs	A $ k $ -frugal colouring of a graph $ G $ is a proper colouring of the vertices of $ G $ such that no colour appears more than $ k $ times in the neighbourhood of a vertex . This type of colouring was introduced by Hind , Molloy and Reed in 1997 . In this paper , we study the frugal chromatic number of planar graphs , planar graphs with large girth , and outerplanar graphs , and relate this parameter with several well-studied colourings , such as colouring of the square , cyclic colouring , and $ L ( p , q ) $ -labelling . We also study frugal edge-colourings of multigraphs .
0705.0423	cs.IT math.IT	Encoding for the Blackwell Channel with Reinforced Belief Propagation	A key idea in coding for the broadcast channel ( BC ) is binning , in which the transmitter encode information by selecting a codeword from an appropriate bin ( the messages are thus the bin indexes ) . This selection is normally done by solving an appropriate ( possibly difficult ) combinatorial problem . Recently it has been shown that binning for the Blackwell channel -- a particular BC -- can be done by iterative schemes based on Survey Propagation ( SP ) . This method uses decimation for SP and suffers a complexity of O ( n^2 ) . In this paper we propose a new variation of the Belief Propagation ( BP ) algorithm , named Reinforced BP algorithm , that turns BP into a solver . Our simulations show that this new algorithm has complexity O ( n log n ) . Using this new algorithm together with a non-linear coding scheme , we can efficiently achieve rates close to the border of the capacity region of the Blackwell channel .
0705.0425	cs.NI	Batch Processor Sharing with Hyper-Exponential Service Time	We study Batch Processor-Sharing ( BPS ) queuing model with hyper-exponential service time distribution and Poisson batch arrival process . One of the main goals to study BPS is the possibility of its application in size-based scheduling , which is used in differentiation between Short and Long flows in the Internet . In the case of hyper-exponential service time distribution we find an analytical expression of the expected conditional response time for the BPS queue . We show , that the expected conditional response time is a concave function of the service time . We apply the received results to the Two Level Processor-Sharing ( TLPS ) model with hyper-exponential service time distribution and find the expression of the expected response time for the TLPS model . TLPS scheduling discipline can be applied to size-based differentiation in TCP/IP networks and Web server request handling .
0705.0449	cs.CV	Multiresolution Approximation of Polygonal Curves in Linear Complexity	We propose a new algorithm to the problem of polygonal curve approximation based on a multiresolution approach . This algorithm is suboptimal but still maintains some optimality between successive levels of resolution using dynamic programming . We show theoretically and experimentally that this algorithm has a linear complexity in time and space . We experimentally compare the outcomes of our algorithm to the optimal `` full search '' dynamic programming solution and finally to classical merge and split approaches . The experimental evaluations confirm the theoretical derivations and show that the proposed approach evaluated on 2D coastal maps either show a lower time complexity or provide polygonal approximations closer to the input discrete curves .
0705.0450	cs.DB	VOODB : A Generic Discrete-Event Random Simulation Model to Evaluate the Performances of OODBs	Performance of object-oriented database systems ( OODBs ) is still an issue to both designers and users nowadays . The aim of this paper is to propose a generic discrete-event random simulation model , called VOODB , in order to evaluate the performances of OODBs in general , and the performances of optimization methods like clustering in particular . Such optimization methods undoubtedly improve the performances of OODBs . Yet , they also always induce some kind of overhead for the system . Therefore , it is important to evaluate their exact impact on the overall performances . VOODB has been designed as a generic discrete-event random simulation model by putting to use a modelling approach , and has been validated by simulating the behavior of the O2 OODB and the Texas persistent object store . Since our final objective is to compare object clustering algorithms , some experiments have also been conducted on the DSTC clustering technique , which is implemented in Texas . To validate VOODB , performance results obtained by simulation for a given experiment have been compared to the results obtained by benchmarking the real systems in the same conditions . Benchmarking and simulation performance evaluations have been observed to be consistent , so it appears that simulation can be a reliable approach to evaluate the performances of OODBs .
0705.0453	cs.DB	OCB : A Generic Benchmark to Evaluate the Performances of Object-Oriented Database Systems	We present in this paper a generic object-oriented benchmark ( the Object Clustering Benchmark ) that has been designed to evaluate the performances of clustering policies in object-oriented databases . OCB is generic because its sample database may be customized to fit the databases introduced by the main existing benchmarks ( e.g. , OO1 ) . OCB 's current form is clustering-oriented because of its clustering-oriented workload , but it can be easily adapted to other purposes . Lastly , OCB 's code is compact and easily portable . OCB has been implemented in a real system ( Texas , running on a Sun workstation ) , in order to test a specific clustering policy called DSTC . A few results concerning this test are presented .
0705.0454	cs.DB	Performance Evaluation for Clustering Algorithms in Object-Oriented Database Systems	It is widely acknowledged that good object clustering is critical to the performance of object-oriented databases . However , object clustering always involves some kind of overhead for the system . The aim of this paper is to propose a modelling methodology in order to evaluate the performances of different clustering policies . This methodology has been used to compare the performances of three clustering algorithms found in the literature ( Cactis , CK and ORION ) that we considered representative of the current research in the field of object clustering . The actual performance evaluation was performed using simulation . Simulation experiments we performed showed that the Cactis algorithm is better than the ORION algorithm and that the CK algorithm totally outperforms both other algorithms in terms of response time and clustering overhead .
0705.0543	cs.IT math.IT	The Design of Efficiently-Encodable Rate-Compatible LDPC Codes	We present a new class of irregular low-density parity-check ( LDPC ) codes for moderate block lengths ( up to a few thousand bits ) that are well-suited for rate-compatible puncturing . The proposed codes show good performance under puncturing over a wide range of rates and are suitable for usage in incremental redundancy hybrid-automatic repeat request ( ARQ ) systems . In addition , these codes are linear-time encodable with simple shift-register circuits . For a block length of 1200 bits the codes outperform optimized irregular LDPC codes and extended irregular repeat-accumulate ( eIRA ) codes for all puncturing rates 0.6~0.9 ( base code performance is almost the same ) and are particularly good at high puncturing rates where good puncturing performance has been previously difficult to achieve .
0705.0561	cs.DS cs.CC	Iterative Rounding for the Closest String Problem	The closest string problem is an NP-hard problem , whose task is to find a string that minimizes maximum Hamming distance to a given set of strings . This can be reduced to an integer program ( IP ) . However , to date , there exists no known polynomial-time algorithm for IP . In 2004 , Meneses et al . introduced a branch-and-bound ( B & B ) method for solving the IP problem . Their algorithm is not always efficient and has the exponential time complexity . In the paper , we attempt to solve efficiently the IP problem by a greedy iterative rounding technique . The proposed algorithm is polynomial time and much faster than the existing B & B IP for the CSP . If the number of strings is limited to 3 , the algorithm is provably at most 1 away from the optimum . The empirical results show that in many cases we can find an exact solution . Even though we fail to find an exact solution , the solution found is very close to exact solution .
