0711.1565	cs.IT math.IT	Channel Code Design with Causal Side Information at the Encoder	The problem of channel code design for the $ M $ -ary input AWGN channel with additive $ Q $ -ary interference where the sequence of i.i.d . interference symbols is known causally at the encoder is considered . The code design criterion at high SNR is derived by defining a new distance measure between the input symbols of the Shannon 's \emph { associated } channel . For the case of binary-input channel , i.e. , M=2 , it is shown that it is sufficient to use only two ( out of $ 2^Q $ ) input symbols of the \emph { associated } channel in the encoding as far as the distance spectrum of code is concerned . This reduces the problem of channel code design for the binary-input AWGN channel with known interference at the encoder to design of binary codes for the binary symmetric channel where the Hamming distance among codewords is the major factor in the performance of the code .
0711.1723	cs.CC cs.DM	An analysis of a random algorithm for estimating all the matchings	Counting the number of all the matchings on a bipartite graph has been transformed into calculating the permanent of a matrix obtained from the extended bipartite graph by Yan Huo , and Rasmussen presents a simple approach ( RM ) to approximate the permanent , which just yields a critical ratio O ( $ n\omega ( n ) $ ) for almost all the 0-1 matrices , provided it 's a simple promising practical way to compute this # P-complete problem . In this paper , the performance of this method will be shown when it 's applied to compute all the matchings based on that transformation . The critical ratio will be proved to be very large with a certain probability , owning an increasing factor larger than any polynomial of $ n $ even in the sense for almost all the 0-1 matrices . Hence , RM fails to work well when counting all the matchings via computing the permanent of the matrix . In other words , we must carefully utilize the known methods of estimating the permanent to count all the matchings through that transformation .
0711.1765	cs.RO	Kinematic calibration of orthoglide-type mechanisms	The paper proposes a novel calibration approach for the Orthoglide-type mechanisms based on observations of the manipulator leg parallelism during mo-tions between the prespecified test postures . It employs a low-cost measuring system composed of standard comparator indicators attached to the universal magnetic stands . They are sequentially used for measuring the deviation of the relevant leg location while the manipulator moves the TCP along the Cartesian axes . Using the measured differences , the developed algorithm estimates the joint offsets that are treated as the most essential parameters to be adjusted . The sensitivity of the meas-urement methods and the calibration accuracy are also studied . Experimental re-sults are presented that demonstrate validity of the proposed calibration technique
0711.1766	cs.IT math.IT	Achieving the Gaussian Rate-Distortion Function by Prediction	The `` water-filling '' solution for the quadratic rate-distortion function of a stationary Gaussian source is given in terms of its power spectrum . This formula naturally lends itself to a frequency domain `` test-channel '' realization . We provide an alternative time-domain realization for the rate-distortion function , based on linear prediction . This solution has some interesting implications , including the optimality at all distortion levels of pre/post filtered vector-quantized differential pulse code modulation ( DPCM ) , and a duality relationship with decision-feedback equalization ( DFE ) for inter-symbol interference ( ISI ) channels .
0711.1786	cs.DC	A Mobile Computing Architecture for Numerical Simulation	The domain of numerical simulation is a place where the parallelization of numerical code is common . The definition of a numerical context means the configuration of resources such as memory , processor load and communication graph , with an evolving feature : the resources availability . A feature is often missing : the adaptability . It is not predictable and the adaptable aspect is essential . Without calling into question these implementations of these codes , we create an adaptive use of these implementations . Because the execution has to be driven by the availability of main resources , the components of a numeric computation have to react when their context changes . This paper offers a new architecture , a mobile computing architecture , based on mobile agents and JavaSpace . At the end of this paper , we apply our architecture to several case studies and obtain our first results .
0711.1814	cs.AI cs.LG	Building Rules on Top of Ontologies for the Semantic Web with Inductive Logic Programming	Building rules on top of ontologies is the ultimate goal of the logical layer of the Semantic Web . To this aim an ad-hoc mark-up language for this layer is currently under discussion . It is intended to follow the tradition of hybrid knowledge representation and reasoning systems such as $ \mathcal { AL } $ -log that integrates the description logic $ \mathcal { ALC } $ and the function-free Horn clausal language \textsc { Datalog } . In this paper we consider the problem of automating the acquisition of these rules for the Semantic Web . We propose a general framework for rule induction that adopts the methodological apparatus of Inductive Logic Programming and relies on the expressive and deductive power of $ \mathcal { AL } $ -log . The framework is valid whatever the scope of induction ( description vs. prediction ) is . Yet , for illustrative purposes , we also discuss an instantiation of the framework which aims at description and turns out to be useful in Ontology Refinement . Keywords : Inductive Logic Programming , Hybrid Knowledge Representation and Reasoning Systems , Ontologies , Semantic Web . Note : To appear in Theory and Practice of Logic Programming ( TPLP )
0711.1827	cs.CC	The Three-Color and Two-Color Tantrix ( TM ) Rotation Puzzle Problems are NP-Complete via Parsimonious Reductions	Holzer and Holzer ( Discrete Applied Mathematics 144 ( 3 ) :345 -- 358 , 2004 ) proved that the Tantrix ( TM ) rotation puzzle problem with four colors is NP-complete , and they showed that the infinite variant of this problem is undecidable . In this paper , we study the three-color and two-color Tantrix ( TM ) rotation puzzle problems ( 3-TRP and 2-TRP ) and their variants . Restricting the number of allowed colors to three ( respectively , to two ) reduces the set of available Tantrix ( TM ) tiles from 56 to 14 ( respectively , to 8 ) . We prove that 3-TRP and 2-TRP are NP-complete , which answers a question raised by Holzer and Holzer in the affirmative . Since our reductions are parsimonious , it follows that the problems Unique-3-TRP and Unique-2-TRP are DP-complete under randomized reductions . We also show that the another-solution problems associated with 4-TRP , 3-TRP , and 2-TRP are NP-complete . Finally , we prove that the infinite variants of 3-TRP and 2-TRP are undecidable .
0711.1856	cs.CR	Testing Kak 's Conjecture on Binary Reciprocal of Primes and Cryptographic Applications	This note considers reciprocal of primes in binary representation and shows that the conjecture that 0s exceed 1s in most cases continues to hold for primes less one million . The conjecture has also been tested for ternary representation with similar results . Some applications of this result to cryptography are discussed .
0711.1890	cs.IT math.IT	A Geometric Interpretation of Fading in Wireless Networks : Theory and Applications	In wireless networks with random node distribution , the underlying point process model and the channel fading process are usually considered separately . A unified framework is introduced that permits the geometric characterization of fading by incorporating the fading process into the point process model . Concretely , assuming nodes are distributed in a stationary Poisson point process in $ \R^d $ , the properties of the point processes that describe the path loss with fading are analyzed . The main applications are connectivity and broadcasting .
