0706.4161	cs.CG cs.DM	The Domino Problem of the Hyperbolic Plane Is Undecidable	In this paper , we prove that the general tiling problem of the hyperbolic plane is undecidable by proving a slightly stronger version using only a regular polygon as the basic shape of the tiles . The problem was raised by a paper of Raphael Robinson in 1971 , in his famous simplified proof that the general tiling problem is undecidable for the Euclidean plane , initially proved by Robert Berger in 1966 .
0706.4170	cs.OH cond-mat.str-el	Hilbert++ Manual	We present here an installation guide , a hand-on mini-tutorial through examples , and the theoretical foundations of the Hilbert++ code .
0706.4175	cs.NI	Heuristics for Network Coding in Wireless Networks	Multicast is a central challenge for emerging multi-hop wireless architectures such as wireless mesh networks , because of its substantial cost in terms of bandwidth . In this report , we study one specific case of multicast : broadcasting , sending data from one source to all nodes , in a multi-hop wireless network . The broadcast we focus on is based on network coding , a promising avenue for reducing cost ; previous work of ours showed that the performance of network coding with simple heuristics is asymptotically optimal : each transmission is beneficial to nearly every receiver . This is for homogenous and large networks of the plan . But for small , sparse or for inhomogeneous networks , some additional heuristics are required . This report proposes such additional new heuristics ( for selecting rates ) for broadcasting with network coding . Our heuristics are intended to use only simple local topology information . We detail the logic of the heuristics , and with experimental results , we illustrate the behavior of the heuristics , and demonstrate their excellent performance .
0706.4224	cs.GR cs.HC	User driven applications - new design paradigm	Programs for complicated engineering and scientific tasks always have to deal with a problem of showing numerous graphical results . The limits of the screen space and often opposite requirements from different users are the cause of the infinite discussions between designers and users , but the source of this ongoing conflict is not in the level of interface design , but in the basic principle of current graphical output : user may change some views and details , but in general the output view is absolutely defined and fixed by the developer . Author was working for several years on the algorithm that will allow eliminating this problem thus allowing stepping from designer-driven applications to user-driven . Such type of applications in which user is deciding what , when and how to show on the screen , is the dream of scientists and engineers working on the analysis of the most complicated tasks . The new paradigm is based on movable and resizable graphics , and such type of graphics can be widely used not only for scientific and engineering applications .
0706.4298	cs.DC	Unison as a Self-Stabilizing Wave Stream Algorithm in Asynchronous Anonymous Networks	How to pass from local to global scales in anonymous networks ? How to organize a selfstabilizing propagation of information with feedback . From the Angluin impossibility results , we can not elect a leader in a general anonymous network . Thus , it is impossible to build a rooted spanning tree . Many problems can only be solved by probabilistic methods . In this paper we show how to use Unison to design a self-stabilizing barrier synchronization in an anonymous network . We show that the commuication structure of this barrier synchronization designs a self-stabilizing wave-stream , or pipelining wave , in anonymous networks . We introduce two variants of Wave : the strong waves and the wavelets . A strong wave can be used to solve the idempotent r-operator parametrized computation problem . A wavelet deals with k-distance computation . We show how to use Unison to design a self-stabilizing wave stream , a self-stabilizing strong wave stream and a self-stabilizing wavelet stream .
0706.4323	cs.LO cs.AI	Theory of Finite or Infinite Trees Revisited	We present in this paper a first-order axiomatization of an extended theory $ T $ of finite or infinite trees , built on a signature containing an infinite set of function symbols and a relation $ \fini ( t ) $ which enables to distinguish between finite or infinite trees . We show that $ T $ has at least one model and prove its completeness by giving not only a decision procedure , but a full first-order constraint solver which gives clear and explicit solutions for any first-order constraint satisfaction problem in $ T $ . The solver is given in the form of 16 rewriting rules which transform any first-order constraint $ \phi $ into an equivalent disjunction $ \phi $ of simple formulas such that $ \phi $ is either the formula $ \true $ or the formula $ \false $ or a formula having at least one free variable , being equivalent neither to $ \true $ nor to $ \false $ and where the solutions of the free variables are expressed in a clear and explicit way . The correctness of our rules implies the completeness of $ T $ . We also describe an implementation of our algorithm in CHR ( Constraint Handling Rules ) and compare the performance with an implementation in C++ and that of a recent decision procedure for decomposable theories .
