0712.2099	cs.OH	MRI/TRUS data fusion for brachytherapy	BACKGROUND : Prostate brachytherapy consists in placing radioactive seeds for tumour destruction under transrectal ultrasound imaging ( TRUS ) control . It requires prostate delineation from the images for dose planning . Because ultrasound imaging is patient- and operator-dependent , we have proposed to fuse MRI data to TRUS data to make image processing more reliable . The technical accuracy of this approach has already been evaluated . METHODS : We present work in progress concerning the evaluation of the approach from the dosimetry viewpoint . The objective is to determine what impact this system may have on the treatment of the patient . Dose planning is performed from initial TRUS prostate contours and evaluated on contours modified by data fusion . RESULTS : For the eight patients included , we demonstrate that TRUS prostate volume is most often underestimated and that dose is overestimated in a correlated way . However , dose constraints are still verified for those eight patients . CONCLUSIONS : This confirms our initial hypothesis .
0712.2100	cs.OH cs.RO	Medical image computing and computer-aided medical interventions applied to soft tissues . Work in progress in urology	Until recently , Computer-Aided Medical Interventions ( CAMI ) and Medical Robotics have focused on rigid and non deformable anatomical structures . Nowadays , special attention is paid to soft tissues , raising complex issues due to their mobility and deformation . Mini-invasive digestive surgery was probably one of the first fields where soft tissues were handled through the development of simulators , tracking of anatomical structures and specific assistance robots . However , other clinical domains , for instance urology , are concerned . Indeed , laparoscopic surgery , new tumour destruction techniques ( e.g . HIFU , radiofrequency , or cryoablation ) , increasingly early detection of cancer , and use of interventional and diagnostic imaging modalities , recently opened new challenges to the urologist and scientists involved in CAMI . This resulted in the last five years in a very significant increase of research and developments of computer-aided urology systems . In this paper , we propose a description of the main problems related to computer-aided diagnostic and therapy of soft tissues and give a survey of the different types of assistance offered to the urologist : robotization , image fusion , surgical navigation . Both research projects and operational industrial systems are discussed .
0712.2113	cs.CR	On the deployment of Mobile Trusted Modules	In its recently published TCG Mobile Reference Architecture , the TCG Mobile Phone Work Group specifies a new concept to enable trust into future mobile devices . For this purpose , the TCG devises a trusted mobile platform as a set of trusted engines on behalf of different stakeholders supported by a physical trust-anchor . In this paper , we present our perception on this emerging specification . We propose an approach for the practical design and implementation of this concept and how to deploy it to a trustworthy operating platform . In particular we propose a method for the take-ownership of a device by the user and the migration ( i.e. , portability ) of user credentials between devices .
0712.2141	cs.AI math.PR	Numerical Sensitivity and Efficiency in the Treatment of Epistemic and Aleatory Uncertainty	The treatment of both aleatory and epistemic uncertainty by recent methods often requires an high computational effort . In this abstract , we propose a numerical sampling method allowing to lighten the computational burden of treating the information by means of so-called fuzzy random variables .
0712.2168	cs.HC	Study of conditions of use of E-services accessible to visually disabled persons	The aim of this paper is to determine the expectations that French-speaking disabled persons have for electronic administrative sites ( utility ) . At the same time , it is a matter of identifying the difficulties of use that the manipulation of these E-services poses concretely for blind people ( usability ) and of evaluating the psychosocial impacts on the way of life of these people with specific needs . We show that the lack of numerical accessibility is likely to accentuate the social exclusion of which these people are victim by establishing a numerical glass ceiling .
0712.2182	cs.IT math.IT	Optimal codes for correcting a single ( wrap-around ) burst of errors	In 2007 , Martinian and Trott presented codes for correcting a burst of erasures with a minimum decoding delay . Their construction employs [ n , k ] codes that can correct any burst of erasures ( including wrap-around bursts ) of length n-k . The raised the question if such [ n , k ] codes exist for all integers k and n with 1 < = k < = n and all fields ( in particular , for the binary field ) . In this note , we answer this question affirmatively by giving two recursive constructions and a direct one .
0712.2183	cs.HC	Apports des d\'emarches d'inspection et des tests d'usage dans l'\'evaluation de l'accessibilit\'e de E-services	This article proposes to describe and compare the contributions of various techniques of evaluation of the accessibility of E-services carried out starting from ( i ) methods of inspection ( on the basis of traditional ergonomic criteria and accessibility ) and ( ii ) of tests of use . It show that these are the latter which show the best rate of identification of the problems of uses for the poeple with disabilities
0712.2231	cs.CR	Trust for Location-based Authorisation	We propose a concept for authorisation using the location of a mobile device and the enforcement of location-based policies . Mobile devices enhanced by Trusted Computing capabilities operate an autonomous and secure location trigger and policy enforcement entity . Location determination is two-tiered , integrating cell-based triggering at handover with precision location measurement by the device .
0712.2235	cs.CR	A Dynamic ID-based Remote User Authentication Scheme	Password-based authentication schemes are the most widely used techniques for remote user authentication . Many static ID-based remote user authentication schemes both with and without smart cards have been proposed . Most of the schemes do not allow the users to choose and change their passwords , and maintain a verifier table to verify the validity of the user login . In this paper we present a dynamic ID-based remote user authentication scheme using smart cards . Our scheme allows the users to choose and change their passwords freely , and do not maintain any verifier table . The scheme is secure against ID-theft , and can resist the reply attacks , forgery attacks , guessing attacks , insider attacks and stolen verifier attacks .
0712.2245	cs.IT math.IT	Exact and Approximate Expressions for the Probability of Undetected Error of Varshamov-Tenengol'ts Codes	Computation of the undetected error probability for error correcting codes over the Z-channel is an important issue , explored only in part in previous literature . In this paper we consider the case of Varshamov-Tenengol'ts codes , by presenting some analytical , numerical , and heuristic methods for unveiling this additional feature . Possible comparisons with Hamming codes are also shown and discussed .
0712.2255	cs.DC cs.CE cs.HC	Human-Machine Symbiosis , 50 Years On	Licklider advocated in 1960 the construction of computers capable of working symbiotically with humans to address problems not easily addressed by humans working alone . Since that time , many of the advances that he envisioned have been achieved , yet the time spent by human problem solvers in mundane activities remains large . I propose here four areas in which improved tools can further advance the goal of enhancing human intellect : services , provenance , knowledge communities , and automation of problem-solving protocols .
0712.2262	cs.CE cs.DC cs.NI	The Earth System Grid : Supporting the Next Generation of Climate Modeling Research	Understanding the earth 's climate system and how it might be changing is a preeminent scientific challenge . Global climate models are used to simulate past , present , and future climates , and experiments are executed continuously on an array of distributed supercomputers . The resulting data archive , spread over several sites , currently contains upwards of 100 TB of simulation data and is growing rapidly . Looking toward mid-decade and beyond , we must anticipate and prepare for distributed climate research data holdings of many petabytes . The Earth System Grid ( ESG ) is a collaborative interdisciplinary project aimed at addressing the challenge of enabling management , discovery , access , and analysis of these critically important datasets in a distributed and heterogeneous computational environment . The problem is fundamentally a Grid problem . Building upon the Globus toolkit and a variety of other technologies , ESG is developing an environment that addresses authentication , authorization for data access , large-scale data transport and management , services and abstractions for high-performance remote data access , mechanisms for scalable data replication , cataloging with rich semantic and syntactic information , data discovery , distributed monitoring , and Web-based portals for using the system .
0712.2274	cs.NI	Distributed MAC Strategy for Exploiting Multi-user Diversity in Multi-rate IEEE 802.11 Wireless LANs	Fast rate adaptation has been established as an effective way to improve the PHY-layer raw date rate of wireless networks . However , within the current IEEE 802.11 legacy , MAC-layer throughput is dominated by users with the lowest data rates , resulting in underutilization of bandwidth . In this paper , we propose and analyze a novel distributed MAC strategy , referred to as Rate-aware DCF ( R-DCF ) , to leverage the potential of rate adaptation in IEEE 802.11 WLANs . The key feature of R-DCF is that by introducing different mini slots according to the instantaneous channel conditions , only contending stations with the highest data rate can access the channel . In this way , the R-DCF protocol not only exploits multi-user diversity in a fully distributed manner but also reduces the loss of throughput due to collisions . Through analysis , we develop an analytical model to derive the throughput of R-DCF in general multi-rate WLANs . Using the analytical model we investigate the performance of R-DCF protocol in various network settings with different rate adaptation strategies and channel variations . Based on the analysis , we further derive the maximal throughput achievable by R-DCF . For practical implementation , an offline adaptive backoff method is developed to achieve a close-to-optimal performance at low runtime complexity . The superiority of R-DCF is proven via extensive analyses and simulations .
