0707.3462	cs.GT math.OC	Separable and Low-Rank Continuous Games	In this paper , we study nonzero-sum separable games , which are continuous games whose payoffs take a sum-of-products form . Included in this subclass are all finite games and polynomial games . We investigate the structure of equilibria in separable games . We show that these games admit finitely supported Nash equilibria . Motivated by the bounds on the supports of mixed equilibria in two-player finite games in terms of the ranks of the payoff matrices , we define the notion of the rank of an n-player continuous game and use this to provide bounds on the cardinality of the support of equilibrium strategies . We present a general characterization theorem that states that a continuous game has finite rank if and only if it is separable . Using our rank results , we present an efficient algorithm for computing approximate equilibria of two-player separable games with fixed strategy spaces in time polynomial in the rank of the game .
0707.3507	cs.RO	Workspace and Kinematic Analysis of the VERNE machine	This paper describes the workspace and the inverse and direct kinematic analysis of the VERNE machine , a serial/parallel 5-axis machine tool designed by Fatronik for IRCCyN . This machine is composed of a three-degree-of-freedom ( DOF ) parallel module and a two-DOF serial tilting table . The parallel module consists of a moving platform that is connected to a fixed base by three non-identical legs . This feature involves ( i ) a simultaneous combination of rotation and translation for the moving platform , which is balanced by the tilting table and ( ii ) workspace whose shape and volume vary as a function of the tool length . This paper summarizes results obtained in the context of the European projects NEXT ( `` Next Generation of Productions Systems '' ) .
0707.3531	cs.CE cs.DC	e-Science initiatives in Venezuela	Within the context of the nascent e-Science infrastructure in Venezuela , we describe several web-based scientific applications developed at the Centro Nacional de Calculo Cientifico Universidad de Los Andes ( CeCalCULA ) , Merida , and at the Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Cientificas ( IVIC ) , Caracas . The different strategies that have been followed for implementing quantum chemistry and atomic physics applications are presented . We also briefly discuss a damage portal based on dynamic , nonlinear , finite elements of lumped damage mechanics and a biomedical portal developed within the framework of the \textit { E-Infrastructure shared between Europe and Latin America } ( EELA ) initiative for searching common sequences and inferring their functions in parasitic diseases such as leishmaniasis , chagas and malaria .
0707.3534	cs.RO	The Kinetostatic Optimization of a Novel Prismatic Drive	The design of a mechanical transmission taking into account the transmitted forces is reported in this paper . This transmission is based on Slide-o-Cam , a cam mechanism with multiple rollers mounted on a common translating follower . The design of Slide-o-Cam , a transmission intended to produce a sliding motion from a turning drive , or vice versa , was reported elsewhere . This transmission provides pure-rolling motion , thereby reducing the friction of rack-and-pinions and linear drives . The pressure angle is a suitable performance index for this transmission because it determines the amount of force transmitted to the load vs. that transmitted to the machine frame . To assess the transmission capability of the mechanism , the Hertz formula is introduced to calculate the stresses on the rollers and on the cams . The final transmission is intended to replace the current ball-screws in the Orthoglide , a three-DOF parallel robot for the production of translational motions , currently under development for machining applications at Ecole Centrale de Nantes .
0707.3540	cs.DM	Mumford dendrograms	An effective $ p $ -adic encoding of dendrograms is presented through an explicit embedding into the Bruhat-Tits tree for a $ p $ -adic number field . This field depends on the number of children of a vertex and is a finite extension of the field of $ p $ -adic numbers . It is shown that fixing $ p $ -adic representatives of the residue field allows a natural way of encoding strings by identifying a given alphabet with such representatives . A simple $ p $ -adic hierarchic classification algorithm is derived for $ p $ -adic numbers , and is applied to strings over finite alphabets . Examples of DNA coding are presented and discussed . Finally , new geometric and combinatorial invariants of time series of $ p $ -adic dendrograms are developped .
0707.3550	cs.RO	A Six Degree-Of-Freedom Haptic Device Based On The Orthoglide And A Hybrid Agile Eye	This paper is devoted to the kinematic design of a new six degree-of-freedom haptic device using two parallel mechanisms . The first one , called orthoglide , provides the translation motions and the second one , called agile eye , produces the rotational motions . These two motions are decoupled to simplify the direct and inverse kinematics , as it is needed for real-time control . To reduce the inertial load , the motors are fixed on the base and a transmission with two universal joints is used to transmit the rotational motions from the base to the end-effector . Two alternative wrists are proposed ( i ) , the agile eye with three degrees of freedom or ( ii ) a hybrid wrist made by the assembly of a two-dof agile eye with a rotary motor . The last one is optimized to increase its stiffness and to decrease the number of moving parts .
0707.3552	cs.RO	Analyse Comparative des Manipulateurs 3R \`a Axes Orthogonaux	A family of 3R orthogonal manipulators without offset on the third body can be divided into exactly nine workspace topologies . The workspace is characterized in a half-cross section by the singular curves . The workspace topology is defined by the number of cusps and nodes that appear on these singular curves . Based on this classification , we evaluate theses manipulators by the condition number related to the joint space and the proportion of the region with four inverse kinematic solutions compared to a sphere containing all the workspace . This second performance number is in relation with the workspace . We determine finally le topology of workspace to which belong manipulators having the best performance number values .
0707.3553	cs.RO	An Exhaustive Study of the Workspace Topologies of all 3R Orthogonal Manipulators with Geometric Simplifications	This paper analyses the workspace of the three-revolute orthogonal manipulators that have at least one of their DH parameters equal to zero . These manipulators are classified into different groups with similar kinematic properties . The classification criteria are based on the topology of the workspace . Each group is evaluated according to interesting kinematic properties such as the size of the workspace subregion reachable with four inverse kinematic solutions , the existence and the size of voids , and the size of the regions of feasible paths in the workspace .
0707.3559	cs.CL cs.AI cs.HC cs.IR	Practical Approach to Knowledge-based Question Answering with Natural Language Understanding and Advanced Reasoning	This research hypothesized that a practical approach in the form of a solution framework known as Natural Language Understanding and Reasoning for Intelligence ( NaLURI ) , which combines full-discourse natural language understanding , powerful representation formalism capable of exploiting ontological information and reasoning approach with advanced features , will solve the following problems without compromising practicality factors : 1 ) restriction on the nature of question and response , and 2 ) limitation to scale across domains and to real-life natural language text .
0707.3560	cs.RO	Integration of a Balanced Virtual Manikin in a Virtual Reality Platform aimed at Virtual Prototyping	The work presented here is aimed at introducing a virtual human controller in a virtual prototyping framework . After a brief introduction describing the problem solved in the paper , we describe the interest as for digital humans in the context of concurrent engineering . This leads us to draw a control architecture enabling to drive virtual humans in a real-time immersed way , and to interact with the product , through motion capture . Unfortunately , we show this control scheme can lead to unfeasible movements because of the lack of balance control . Introducing such a controller is a problem that was never addressed in the context of real-time . We propose an implementation of a balance controller , that we insert into the previously described control scheme . Next section is dedicated to show the results we obtained . Finally , we propose a virtual reality platform into which the digital character controller is integrated .
0707.3562	cs.RO	Balanced Virtual Humans Interacting with their Environment	The animation of human avatars seems very successful ; the computer graphics industry shows outstanding results in films everyday , the game industry achieves exploits ... Nevertheless , the animation and control processes of such manikins are very painful . It takes days to a specialist to build such animated sequences , and it is not adaptive to any type of modifications . Our main purpose is the virtual human for engineering , especially virtual prototyping . As for this domain of activity , such amounts of time are prohibitive .
0707.3563	cs.RO	Virtual reality : A human centered tool for improving Manufacturing	Manufacturing is using Virtual Reality tools to enhance the product life cycle . Their definitions are still in flux and it is necessary to define their connections . Thus , firstly , we will introduce more closely some definitions where we will find that , if the Virtual manufacturing concepts originate from machining operations and evolve in this manufacturing area , there exist a lot of applications in different fields such as casting , forging , sheet metalworking and robotics ( mechanisms ) . From the recent projects in Europe or in USA , we notice that the human perception or the simulation of mannequin is more and more needed in both fields . In this context , we have isolated some applications as ergonomic studies , assembly and maintenance simulation , design or training where the virtual reality tools can be applied . Thus , we find out a family of applications where the virtual reality tools give the engineers the main role in the optimization process . We will illustrate our paper by several examples where virtual reality interfaces are used and combined with optimization tools as multi-agent systems .
0707.3564	cs.RO	A New Six Degree-of-Freedom Haptic Device based on the Orthoglide and the Agile Eye	The aim of this paper is to present a new six degree-of-freedom ( dof ) haptic device using two parallel mechanisms . The first one , called orthoglide , provides the translation motions and the second one produces the rotational motions . These two motions are decoupled to simplify the direct and inverse kinematics , as it is needed for real-times control . To reduce the inertial load , the motors are fixed on the base and a transmission with two universal joints is used to transmit the rotational motions from the base to the end-effector . The main feature of the orthoglide and of the agile eye mechanism is the existence of an isotropic configuration . The length of the legs and the range limits of the orthoglide are optimized to have homogeneous performance throughout the Cartesian workspace , which has a nearly cubic workspace . These properties permit to have a high stiffness throughout the workspace and workspace limits that are easily understandable by the user .
0707.3574	cs.RO	L'orthoglide : une machine-outil rapide d'architecture parall\`ele isotrope	This article presents the Orthoglide project . The purpose of this project is the realization of a prototype of machine tool to three degrees of translation . The characteristic of this machine is a parallel kinematic architecture optimized to obtain a compact workspace with homogeneous performance . For that , the principal criterion of design which was used is the isotropy .
0707.3575	cs.DL cs.IR	An exploratory study of Google Scholar	The paper discusses and analyzes the scientific search service Google Scholar ( GS ) . The focus is on an exploratory study which investigates the coverage of scientific serials in GS . The study shows deficiencies in the coverage and up-to-dateness of the GS index . Furthermore , the study points up which Web servers are the most important data providers for this search service and which information sources are highly represented . We can show that there is a relatively large gap in Google Scholars coverage of German literature as well as weaknesses in the accessibility of Open Access content . Keywords : Search engines , Digital libraries , Worldwide Web , Serials , Electronic journals
0707.3584	cs.IT math.IT	The effect of fading , channel inversion , and threshold scheduling on ad hoc networks	This paper addresses three issues in the field of ad hoc network capacity : the impact of i ) channel fading , ii ) channel inversion power control , and iii ) threshold-based scheduling on capacity . Channel inversion and threshold scheduling may be viewed as simple ways to exploit channel state information ( CSI ) without requiring cooperation across transmitters . We use the transmission capacity ( TC ) as our metric , defined as the maximum spatial intensity of successful simultaneous transmissions subject to a constraint on the outage probability ( OP ) . By assuming the nodes are located on the infinite plane according to a Poisson process , we are able to employ tools from stochastic geometry to obtain asymptotically tight bounds on the distribution of the signal-to-interference ( SIR ) level , yielding in turn tight bounds on the OP ( relative to a given SIR threshold ) and the TC . We demonstrate that in the absence of CSI , fading can significantly reduce the TC and somewhat surprisingly , channel inversion only makes matters worse . We develop a threshold-based transmission rule where transmitters are active only if the channel to their receiver is acceptably strong , obtain expressions for the optimal threshold , and show that this simple , fully distributed scheme can significantly reduce the effect of fading .
0707.3619	cs.DS cs.DM	Semi-local string comparison : algorithmic techniques and applications	A classical measure of string comparison is given by the longest common subsequence ( LCS ) problem on a pair of strings . We consider its generalisation , called the semi-local LCS problem , which arises naturally in many string-related problems . The semi-local LCS problem asks for the LCS scores for each of the input strings against every substring of the other input string , and for every prefix of each input string against every suffix of the other input string . Such a comparison pattern provides a much more detailed picture of string similarity than a single LCS score ; it also arises naturally in many string-related problems . In fact , the semi-local LCS problem turns out to be fundamental for string comparison , providing a powerful and flexible alternative to classical dynamic programming . It is especially useful when the input to a string comparison problem may not be available all at once : for example , comparison of dynamically changing strings ; comparison of compressed strings ; parallel string comparison . The same approach can also be applied to permutation strings , providing efficient solutions for local versions of the longest increasing subsequence ( LIS ) problem , and for the problem of computing a maximum clique in a circle graph . Furthermore , the semi-local LCS problem turns out to have surprising connections in a few seemingly unrelated fields , such as computational geometry and algebra of semigroups . This work is devoted to exploring the structure of the semi-local LCS problem , its efficient solutions , and its applications in string comparison and other related areas , including computational molecular biology .
0707.3622	cs.DM cs.DS math.CO quant-ph	Constant-degree graph expansions that preserve the treewidth	Many hard algorithmic problems dealing with graphs , circuits , formulas and constraints admit polynomial-time upper bounds if the underlying graph has small treewidth . The same problems often encourage reducing the maximal degree of vertices to simplify theoretical arguments or address practical concerns . Such degree reduction can be performed through a sequence of splittings of vertices , resulting in an _expansion_ of the original graph . We observe that the treewidth of a graph may increase dramatically if the splittings are not performed carefully . In this context we address the following natural question : is it possible to reduce the maximum degree to a constant without substantially increasing the treewidth ? Our work answers the above question affirmatively . We prove that any simple undirected graph G= ( V , E ) admits an expansion G'= ( V ' , E ' ) with the maximum degree < = 3 and treewidth ( G ' ) < = treewidth ( G ) +1 . Furthermore , such an expansion will have no more than 2|E|+|V| vertices and 3|E| edges ; it can be computed efficiently from a tree-decomposition of G. We also construct a family of examples for which the increase by 1 in treewidth can not be avoided .
0707.3638	cs.HC	The Review and Analysis of Human Computer Interaction ( HCI ) Principles	The History of HCI is briefly reviewed together with three HCI models and structure including CSCW , CSCL and CSCR . It is shown that a number of authorities consider HCI to be a fragmented discipline with no agreed set of unifying design principles . An analysis of usability criteria based upon citation frequency of authors is performed in order to discover the eight most recognised HCI principles .
0708.2686	cs.NE	The universal evolutionary computer based on super-recursive algorithms of evolvability	This work exposes which mechanisms and procesess in the Nature of evolution compute a function not computable by Turing machine . The computer with intelligence that is not higher than one bacteria population could have , but with efficency to solve the problems that are non-computable by Turing machine is represented . This theoretical construction is called Universal Evolutinary Computer and it is based on the superecursive algorithms of evolvability .
