0707.2998	cs.IT math.IT	Building a Cooperative Communications System	In this paper , we present the results from over-the-air experiments of a complete implementation of an amplify and forward cooperative communications system . Our custom OFDM-based physical layer uses a distributed version of the Alamouti block code , where the relay sends one branch of Alamouti encoded symbols . First we show analytically and experimentally that amplify and forward protocols are unaffected by carrier frequency offsets at the relay . This result allows us to use a conventional Alamouti receiver without change for the distributed relay system . Our full system implementation shows gains up to 5.5dB in peak power constrained networks . Thus , we can conclusively state that even the simplest form of relaying can lead to significant gains in practical implementations .
0707.3014	cs.CY	Situations d'apprentissage collectives instrument\'ees : \'etude de pratiques dans l'enseignement sup\'erieur	Currently , educational platforms propose many tools of communication , production , labour division or collective work management in order to support collective activities . But it is not guaranteed that actors ( instructional designers , tutors or learner ) are really using them . Our work , describe characteristics of instrumented learning situations ( ICLS ) in the higher education . Our intention is to determine : if ICLS are really existing ; which form they take ( in terms of scenario , tools , type of activity ... ) ; if recommendations resulting from research tasks are taken into account by instructional designers and if the instructional designer prescribed activities are really follow by learners or tutors ? To answer these questions , we have made a survey about ICLS actors uses .
0707.3030	cs.NE cs.AI cs.NI	Optimal Design of Ad Hoc Injection Networks by Using Genetic Algorithms	This work aims at optimizing injection networks , which consist in adding a set of long-range links ( called bypass links ) in mobile multi-hop ad hoc networks so as to improve connectivity and overcome network partitioning . To this end , we rely on small-world network properties , that comprise a high clustering coefficient and a low characteristic path length . We investigate the use of two genetic algorithms ( generational and steady-state ) to optimize three instances of this topology control problem and present results that show initial evidence of their capacity to solve it .
0707.3087	cs.IT cs.LG math.IT	Universal Reinforcement Learning	We consider an agent interacting with an unmodeled environment . At each time , the agent makes an observation , takes an action , and incurs a cost . Its actions can influence future observations and costs . The goal is to minimize the long-term average cost . We propose a novel algorithm , known as the active LZ algorithm , for optimal control based on ideas from the Lempel-Ziv scheme for universal data compression and prediction . We establish that , under the active LZ algorithm , if there exists an integer $ K $ such that the future is conditionally independent of the past given a window of $ K $ consecutive actions and observations , then the average cost converges to the optimum . Experimental results involving the game of Rock-Paper-Scissors illustrate merits of the algorithm .
0707.3095	cs.IT math.IT	Channel Capacity Estimation using Free Probability Theory	In many channel measurement applications , one needs to estimate some characteristics of the channels based on a limited set of measurements . This is mainly due to the highly time varying characteristics of the channel . In this contribution , it will be shown how free probability can be used for channel capacity estimation in MIMO systems . Free probability has already been applied in various application fields such as digital communications , nuclear physics and mathematical finance , and has been shown to be an invaluable tool for describing the asymptotic behaviour of many large-dimensional systems . In particular , using the concept of free deconvolution , we provide an asymptotically ( w.r.t . the number of observations ) unbiased capacity estimator for MIMO channels impaired with noise called the free probability based estimator . Another estimator , called the Gaussian matrix mean based estimator , is also introduced by slightly modifying the free probability based estimator . This estimator is shown to give unbiased estimation of the moments of the channel matrix for any number of observations . Also , the estimator has this property when we extend to MIMO channels with phase off-set and frequency drift , for which no estimator has been provided so far in the literature . It is also shown that both the free probability based and the Gaussian matrix mean based estimator are asymptotically unbiased capacity estimators as the number of transmit antennas go to infinity , regardless of whether phase off-set and frequency drift are present . The limitations in the two estimators are also explained . Simulations are run to assess the performance of the estimators for a low number of antennas and samples to confirm the usefulness of the asymptotic results .
0707.3170	cs.LO	Inductive Definition and Domain Theoretic Properties of Fully Abstract	A construction of fully abstract typed models for PCF and PCF^+ ( i.e. , PCF + '' parallel conditional function '' ) , respectively , is presented . It is based on general notions of sequential computational strategies and wittingly consistent non-deterministic strategies introduced by the author in the seventies . Although these notions of strategies are old , the definition of the fully abstract models is new , in that it is given level-by-level in the finite type hierarchy . To prove full abstraction and non-dcpo domain theoretic properties of these models , a theory of computational strategies is developed . This is also an alternative and , in a sense , an analogue to the later game strategy semantics approaches of Abramsky , Jagadeesan , and Malacaria ; Hyland and Ong ; and Nickau . In both cases of PCF and PCF^+ there are definable universal ( surjective ) functionals from numerical functions to any given type , respectively , which also makes each of these models unique up to isomorphism . Although such models are non-omega-complete and therefore not continuous in the traditional terminology , they are also proved to be sequentially complete ( a weakened form of omega-completeness ) , `` naturally '' continuous ( with respect to existing directed `` pointwise '' , or `` natural '' lubs ) and also `` naturally '' omega-algebraic and `` naturally '' bounded complete -- appropriate generalisation of the ordinary notions of domain theory to the case of non-dcpos .
0707.3175	cs.IT math.IT	Stacked OSTBC : Error Performance and Rate Analysis	It is well known , that the Alamouti scheme is the only space-time code from orthogonal design achieving the capacity of a multiple-input multiple-output ( MIMO ) wireless communication system with n_T=2 transmit antennas and n_R=1 receive antenna . In this work , we propose the n-times stacked Alamouti scheme for n_T=2n transmit antennas and show that this scheme achieves the capacity in the case of n_R=1 receive antenna . This result may regarded as an extension of the Alamouti case . For the more general case of more than one receive antenna , we show that if the number of transmit antennas is higher than the number of receive antennas we achieve a high portion of the capacity with this scheme . Further , we show that the MIMO capacity is at most twice the rate achieved with the proposed scheme for all SNR . We derive lower and upper bounds for the rate achieved with this scheme and compare it with upper and lower bounds for the capacity . In addition to the capacity analysis based on the assumption of a coherent channel , we analyze the error rate performance of the stacked OSTBC with the optimal ML detector and with the suboptimal lattice-reduction ( LR ) aided zero-forcing detector . We compare the error rate performance of the stacked OSTBC with spatial multiplexing ( SM ) and full-diversity achieving schemes . Finally , we illustrate the theoretical results by numerical simulations .
