0706.2725	cs.DS cs.CC cs.DM	The Complexity of Determining Existence a Hamiltonian Cycle is $ O ( n^3 ) $	The Hamiltonian cycle problem in digraph is mapped into a matching cover bipartite graph . Based on this mapping , it is proved that determining existence a Hamiltonian cycle in graph is $ O ( n^3 ) $ .
0706.2732	cs.AR	A Design Methodology for Space-Time Adapter	This paper presents a solution to efficiently explore the design space of communication adapters . In most digital signal processing ( DSP ) applications , the overall architecture of the system is significantly affected by communication architecture , so the designers need specifically optimized adapters . By explicitly modeling these communications within an effective graph-theoretic model and analysis framework , we automatically generate an optimized architecture , named Space-Time AdapteR ( STAR ) . Our design flow inputs a C description of Input/Output data scheduling , and user requirements ( throughput , latency , parallelism ... ) , and formalizes communication constraints through a Resource Constraints Graph ( RCG ) . The RCG properties enable an efficient architecture space exploration in order to synthesize a STAR component . The proposed approach has been tested to design an industrial data mixing block example : an Ultra-Wideband interleaver .
0706.2746	cs.DM cs.CC cs.IT math.IT	Abstract Storage Devices	A quantum storage device differs radically from a conventional physical storage device . Its state can be set to any value in a certain ( infinite ) state space , but in general every possible read operation yields only partial information about the stored state . The purpose of this paper is to initiate the study of a combinatorial abstraction , called abstract storage device ( ASD ) , which models deterministic storage devices with the property that only partial information about the state can be read , but that there is a degree of freedom as to which partial information should be retrieved . This concept leads to a number of interesting problems which we address , like the reduction of one device to another device , the equivalence of devices , direct products of devices , as well as the factorization of a device into primitive devices . We prove that every ASD has an equivalent ASD with minimal number of states and of possible read operations . Also , we prove that the reducibility problem for ASD 's is NP-complete , that the equivalence problem is at least as hard as the graph isomorphism problem , and that the factorization into binary-output devices ( if it exists ) is unique .
0706.2748	cs.OS cs.GL	A Survey of Unix Init Schemes	In most modern operating systems , init ( as in `` initialization '' ) is the program launched by the kernel at boot time . It runs as a daemon and typically has PID 1 . Init is responsible for spawning all other processes and scavenging zombies . It is also responsible for reboot and shutdown operations . This document describes existing solutions that implement the init process and/or init scripts in Unix-like systems . These solutions range from the legacy and still-in-use BSD and SystemV schemes , to recent and promising schemes from Ubuntu , Apple , Sun and independent developers . Our goal is to highlight their focus and compare their sets of features .
0706.2795	cs.IT math.IT	Dirty-paper Coding without Channel Information at the Transmitter and Imperfect Estimation at the Receiver	In this paper , we examine the effects of imperfect channel estimation at the receiver and no channel knowledge at the transmitter on the capacity of the fading Costa 's channel with channel state information non-causally known at the transmitter . We derive the optimal Dirty-paper coding ( DPC ) scheme and its corresponding achievable rates with the assumption of Gaussian inputs . Our results , for uncorrelated Rayleigh fading , provide intuitive insights on the impact of the channel estimate and the channel characteristics ( e.g . SNR , fading process , channel training ) on the achievable rates . These are useful in practical scenarios of multiuser wireless communications ( e.g . Broadcast Channels ) and information embedding applications ( e.g . robust watermarking ) . We also studied optimal training design adapted to each application . We provide numerical results for a single-user fading Costa 's channel with maximum-likehood ( ML ) channel estimation . These illustrate an interesting practical trade-off between the amount of training and its impact to the interference cancellation performance using DPC scheme .
0706.2797	cs.IR	Extraction d'entit\'es dans des collections \'evolutives	The goal of our work is to use a set of reports and extract named entities , in our case the names of Industrial or Academic partners . Starting with an initial list of entities , we use a first set of documents to identify syntactic patterns that are then validated in a supervised learning phase on a set of annotated documents . The complete collection is then explored . This approach is similar to the ones used in data extraction from semi-structured documents ( wrappers ) and do not need any linguistic resources neither a large set for training . As our collection of documents would evolve over years , we hope that the performance of the extraction would improve with the increased size of the training set .
0706.2809	cs.IT math.IT	On the Outage Capacity of a Practical Decoder Using Channel Estimation Accuracy	The optimal decoder achieving the outage capacity under imperfect channel estimation is investigated . First , by searching into the family of nearest neighbor decoders , which can be easily implemented on most practical coded modulation systems , we derive a decoding metric that minimizes the average of the transmission error probability over all channel estimation errors . This metric , for arbitrary memoryless channels , achieves the capacity of a composite ( more noisy ) channel . Next , according to the notion of estimation-induced outage capacity ( EIO capacity ) introduced in our previous work , we characterize maximal achievable information rates associated to the proposed decoder . The performance of the proposed decoding metric over uncorrelated Rayleigh fading MIMO channels is compared to both the classical mismatched maximum-likelihood ( ML ) decoder and the theoretical limits given by the EIO capacity ( i.e . the best decoder in presence of channel estimation errors ) . Numerical results show that the derived metric provides significant gains , in terms of achievable information rates and bit error rate ( BER ) , in a bit interleaved coded modulation ( BICM ) framework , without introducing any additional decoding complexity .
0706.2824	cs.AR	M\'ethodologie de mod\'elisation et d'impl\'ementation d'adaptateurs spatio-temporels	The re-use of pre-designed blocks is a well-known concept of the software development . This technique has been applied to System-on-Chip ( SoC ) design whose complexity and heterogeneity are growing . The re-use is made thanks to high level components , called virtual components ( IP ) , available in more or less flexible forms . These components are dedicated blocks : digital signal processing ( DCT , FFT ) , telecommunications ( Viterbi , TurboCodes ) , ... These blocks rest on a model of fixed architecture with very few degrees of personalization . This rigidity is particularly true for the communication interface whose orders of acquisition and production of data , the temporal behavior and protocols of exchanges are fixed . The successful integration of such an IP requires that the designer ( 1 ) synchronizes the components ( 2 ) converts the protocols between `` incompatible '' blocks ( 3 ) temporizes the data to guarantee the temporal constraints and the order of the data . This phase remains however very manual and source of errors . Our approach proposes a formal modeling , based on an original Ressource Compatibility Graph . The synthesis flow is based on a set of transformations of the initial graph to lead to an interface architecture allowing the space-time adaptation of the data exchanges between several components .
0706.2839	cs.DS cs.PF	Cache Analysis of Non-uniform Distribution Sorting Algorithms	We analyse the average-case cache performance of distribution sorting algorithms in the case when keys are independently but not necessarily uniformly distributed . The analysis is for both `in-place ' and `out-of-place' distribution sorting algorithms and is more accurate than the analysis presented in \cite { RRESA00 } . In particular , this new analysis yields tighter upper and lower bounds when the keys are drawn from a uniform distribution . We use this analysis to tune the performance of the integer sorting algorithm MSB radix sort when it is used to sort independent uniform floating-point numbers ( floats ) . Our tuned MSB radix sort algorithm comfortably outperforms a cache-tuned implementations of bucketsort \cite { RR99 } and Quicksort when sorting uniform floats from $ [ 0 , 1 ) $ .
0706.2888	cs.CR	Variations on Kak 's Three Stage Quantum Cryptography Protocol	This paper introduces a variation on Kak 's three-stage quanutm key distribution protocol which allows for defence against the man in the middle attack . In addition , we introduce a new protocol , which also offers similar resiliance against such an attack .
0706.2906	cs.IT math.IT	Capacity Scaling for MIMO Two-Way Relaying	A multiple input multiple output ( MIMO ) two-way relay channel is considered , where two sources want to exchange messages with each other using multiple relay nodes , and both the sources and relay nodes are equipped with multiple antennas . Both the sources are assumed to have equal number of antennas and have perfect channel state information ( CSI ) for all the channels of the MIMO two-way relay channel , whereas , each relay node is either assumed to have CSI for its transmit and receive channel ( the coherent case ) or no CSI for any of the channels ( the non-coherent case ) . The main results in this paper are on the scaling behavior of the capacity region of the MIMO two-way relay channel with increasing number of relay nodes . In the coherent case , the capacity region of the MIMO two-way relay channel is shown to scale linearly with the number of antennas at source nodes and logarithmically with the number of relay nodes . In the non-coherent case , the capacity region is shown to scale linearly with the number of antennas at the source nodes and logarithmically with the signal to noise ratio .
