0704.2808	cs.IT cs.NI math.IT	Minimum cost distributed source coding over a network	This work considers the problem of transmitting multiple compressible sources over a network at minimum cost . The aim is to find the optimal rates at which the sources should be compressed and the network flows using which they should be transmitted so that the cost of the transmission is minimal . We consider networks with capacity constraints and linear cost functions . The problem is complicated by the fact that the description of the feasible rate region of distributed source coding problems typically has a number of constraints that is exponential in the number of sources . This renders general purpose solvers inefficient . We present a framework in which these problems can be solved efficiently by exploiting the structure of the feasible rate regions coupled with dual decomposition and optimization techniques such as the subgradient method and the proximal bundle method .
0704.2902	cs.DL cs.IR	Recommending Related Papers Based on Digital Library Access Records	An important goal for digital libraries is to enable researchers to more easily explore related work . While citation data is often used as an indicator of relatedness , in this paper we demonstrate that digital access records ( e.g . http-server logs ) can be used as indicators as well . In particular , we show that measures based on co-access provide better coverage than co-citation , that they are available much sooner , and that they are more accurate for recent papers .
0704.2926	cs.IT math.IT	Optimal Routing for the Gaussian Multiple-Relay Channel with Decode-and-Forward	In this paper , we study a routing problem on the Gaussian multiple relay channel , in which nodes employ a decode-and-forward coding strategy . We are interested in routes for the information flow through the relays that achieve the highest DF rate . We first construct an algorithm that provably finds optimal DF routes . As the algorithm runs in factorial time in the worst case , we propose a polynomial time heuristic algorithm that finds an optimal route with high probability . We demonstrate that that the optimal ( and near optimal ) DF routes are good in practice by simulating a distributed DF coding scheme using low density parity check codes with puncturing and incremental redundancy .
0704.2963	cs.DL cs.IR	Using Access Data for Paper Recommendations on ArXiv.org	This thesis investigates in the use of access log data as a source of information for identifying related scientific papers . This is done for arXiv.org , the authority for publication of e-prints in several fields of physics . Compared to citation information , access logs have the advantage of being immediately available , without manual or automatic extraction of the citation graph . Because of that , a main focus is on the question , how far user behavior can serve as a replacement for explicit meta-data , which potentially might be expensive or completely unavailable . Therefore , we compare access , content , and citation-based measures of relatedness on different recommendation tasks . As a final result , an online recommendation system has been built that can help scientists to find further relevant literature , without having to search for them actively .
0704.3019	cs.IT math.IT	Arbitrary Rate Permutation Modulation for the Gaussian Channel	In this paper non-group permutation modulated sequences for the Gaussian channel are considered . Without the restriction to group codes rather than subsets of group codes , arbitrary rates are achievable . The code construction utilizes the known optimal group constellations to ensure at least the same performance but exploit the Gray code ordering structure of multiset permutations as a selection criterion at the decoder . The decoder achieves near maximum likelihood performance at low computational cost and low additional memory requirements at the receiver .
0704.3035	cs.IT cs.CR math.IT	Achievable Rates for Two-Way Wire-Tap Channels	We consider two-way wire-tap channels , where two users are communicating with each other in the presence of an eavesdropper , who has access to the communications through a multiple-access channel . We find achievable rates for two different scenarios , the Gaussian two-way wire-tap channel , ( GTW-WT ) , and the binary additive two-way wire-tap channel , ( BATW-WT ) . It is shown that the two-way channels inherently provide a unique advantage for wire-tapped scenarios , as the users know their own transmitted signals and in effect help encrypt the other user 's messages , similar to a one-time pad . We compare the achievable rates to that of the Gaussian multiple-access wire-tap channel ( GMAC-WT ) to illustrate this advantage .
0704.3094	cs.IT math.IT	Detection of two-sided alternatives in a Brownian motion model	This work examines the problem of sequential detection of a change in the drift of a Brownian motion in the case of two-sided alternatives . Applications to real life situations in which two-sided changes can occur are discussed . Traditionally , 2-CUSUM stopping rules have been used for this problem due to their asymptotically optimal character as the mean time between false alarms tends to $ \infty $ . In particular , attention has focused on 2-CUSUM harmonic mean rules due to the simplicity in calculating their first moments . In this paper , we derive closed-form expressions for the first moment of a general 2-CUSUM stopping rule . We use these expressions to obtain explicit upper and lower bounds for it . Moreover , we derive an expression for the rate of change of this first moment as one of the threshold parameters changes . Based on these expressions we obtain explicit upper and lower bounds to this rate of change . Using these expressions we are able to find the best 2-CUSUM stopping rule with respect to the extended Lorden criterion . In fact , we demonstrate not only the existence but also the uniqueness of the best 2-CUSUM stopping both in the case of a symmetric change and in the case of a non-symmetric case . Furthermore , we discuss the existence of a modification of the 2-CUSUM stopping rule that has a strictly better performance than its classical 2-CUSUM counterpart for small values of the mean time between false alarms . We conclude with a discussion on the open problem of strict optimality in the case of two-sided alternatives .
0704.3197	cs.CG cs.DM	Euclidean Shortest Paths in Simple Cube Curves at a Glance	This paper reports about the development of two provably correct approximate algorithms which calculate the Euclidean shortest path ( ESP ) within a given cube-curve with arbitrary accuracy , defined by $ \epsilon > 0 $ , and in time complexity $ \kappa ( \epsilon ) \cdot { \cal O } ( n ) $ , where $ \kappa ( \epsilon ) $ is the length difference between the path used for initialization and the minimum-length path , divided by $ \epsilon $ . A run-time diagram also illustrates this linear-time behavior of the implemented ESP algorithm .
