0710.0009	cs.CL cond-mat.stat-mech cs.AI physics.soc-ph q-bio.PE	Bio-linguistic transition and Baldwin effect in an evolutionary naming-game model	We examine an evolutionary naming-game model where communicating agents are equipped with an evolutionarily selected learning ability . Such a coupling of biological and linguistic ingredients results in an abrupt transition : upon a small change of a model control parameter a poorly communicating group of linguistically unskilled agents transforms into almost perfectly communicating group with large learning abilities . When learning ability is kept fixed , the transition appears to be continuous . Genetic imprinting of the learning abilities proceeds via Baldwin effect : initially unskilled communicating agents learn a language and that creates a niche in which there is an evolutionary pressure for the increase of learning ability.Our model suggests that when linguistic ( or cultural ) processes became intensive enough , a transition took place where both linguistic performance and biological endowment of our species experienced an abrupt change that perhaps triggered the rapid expansion of human civilization .
0710.0169	cs.IR cs.CL	Evaluation experiments on related terms search in Wikipedia : Information Content and Adapted HITS ( In Russian )	The classification of metrics and algorithms search for related terms via WordNet , Roget 's Thesaurus , and Wikipedia was extended to include adapted HITS algorithm . Evaluation experiments on Information Content and adapted HITS algorithm are described . The test collection of Russian word pairs with human-assigned similarity judgments is proposed . -- -- - Klassifikacija metrik i algoritmov poiska semanticheski blizkih slov v tezaurusah WordNet , Rozhe i jenciklopedii Vikipedija rasshirena adaptirovannym HITS algoritmom . S pomow'ju jeksperimentov v Vikipedii oceneny metrika Information Content i adaptirovannyj algoritm HITS . Predlozhen resurs dlja ocenki semanticheskoj blizosti russkih slov .
0710.0198	cs.IT math.IT	Z4-Linear Perfect Codes	For every $ n = 2^k > 8 $ there exist exactly $ [ ( k+1 ) /2 ] $ mutually nonequivalent $ Z_4 $ -linear extended perfect codes with distance 4 . All these codes have different ranks .
0710.0199	cs.IT math.IT	Z4-linear Hadamard and extended perfect codes	If $ N=2^k > 8 $ then there exist exactly $ [ ( k-1 ) /2 ] $ pairwise nonequivalent $ Z_4 $ -linear Hadamard $ ( N,2N , N/2 ) $ -codes and $ [ ( k+1 ) /2 ] $ pairwise nonequivalent $ Z_4 $ -linear extended perfect $ ( N,2^N/2N,4 ) $ -codes . A recurrent construction of $ Z_4 $ -linear Hadamard codes is given .
0710.0213	cs.NE cs.AI	Optimising the topology of complex neural networks	In this paper , we study instances of complex neural networks , i.e . neural netwo rks with complex topologies . We use Self-Organizing Map neural networks whose n eighbourhood relationships are defined by a complex network , to classify handwr itten digits . We show that topology has a small impact on performance and robus tness to neuron failures , at least at long learning times . Performance may howe ver be increased ( by almost 10 % ) by artificial evolution of the network topo logy . In our experimental conditions , the evolved networks are more random than their parents , but display a more heterogeneous degree distribution .
0710.0225	cs.CL	On the role of autocorrelations in texts	The task of finding a criterion allowing to distinguish a text from an arbitrary set of words is rather relevant in itself , for instance , in the aspect of development of means for internet-content indexing or separating signals and noise in communication channels . The Zipf law is currently considered to be the most reliable criterion of this kind [ 3 ] . At any rate , conventional stochastic word sets do not meet this law . The present paper deals with one of possible criteria based on the determination of the degree of data compression .
0710.0228	cs.CL	On the fractal nature of mutual relevance sequences in the Internet news message flows	In the task of information retrieval the term relevance is taken to mean formal conformity of a document given by the retrieval system to user's information query . As a rule , the documents found by the retrieval system should be submitted to the user in a certain order . Therefore , a retrieval perceived as a selection of documents formally solving the user 's query , should be supplemented with a certain procedure of processing a relevant set . It would be natural to introduce a quantitative measure of document conformity to query , i.e . the relevance measure . Since no single rule exists for the determination of the relevance measure , we shall consider two of them which are the simplest in our opinion . The proposed approach does not suppose any restrictions and can be applied to other relevance measures .
0710.0232	cs.CG cs.DM	Constructing a uniform plane-filling path in the ternary heptagrid of the hyperbolic plane	In this paper , we distinguish two levels for the plane-filling property . We consider a simple and a strong one . In this paper , we give the construction which proves that the simple plane-filling property also holds for the hyperbolic plane . The plane-filling property was established for the Euclidean plane by J. Kari , in 1994 , in the strong version .
0710.0243	cs.CV	High-Order Nonparametric Belief-Propagation for Fast Image Inpainting	In this paper , we use belief-propagation techniques to develop fast algorithms for image inpainting . Unlike traditional gradient-based approaches , which may require many iterations to converge , our techniques achieve competitive results after only a few iterations . On the other hand , while belief-propagation techniques are often unable to deal with high-order models due to the explosion in the size of messages , we avoid this problem by approximating our high-order prior model using a Gaussian mixture . By using such an approximation , we are able to inpaint images quickly while at the same time retaining good visual results .
0710.0244	cs.CE cs.AR	Theoretical Engineering and Satellite Comlink of a PTVD-SHAM System	This paper focuses on super helical memory system 's design , 'Engineering , Architectural and Satellite Communications ' as a theoretical approach of an invention-model to 'store time-data ' . The current release entails three concepts : 1- an in-depth theoretical physics engineering of the chip including its , 2- architectural concept based on VLSI methods , and 3- the time-data versus data-time algorithm . The 'Parallel Time Varying & Data Super-helical Access Memory ' ( PTVD-SHAM ) , possesses a waterfall effect in its architecture dealing with the process of voltage output-switch into diverse logic and quantum states described as 'Boolean logic & image-logic ' , respectively . Quantum dot computational methods are explained by utilizing coiled carbon nanotubes ( CCNTs ) and CNT field effect transistors ( CNFETs ) in the chip's architecture . Quantum confinement , categorized quantum well substrate , and B-field flux involvements are discussed in theory . Multi-access of coherent sequences of 'qubit addressing ' in any magnitude , gained as pre-defined , here e.g. , the 'big O notation ' asymptotically confined into singularity while possessing a magnitude of 'infinity ' for the orientation of array displacement . Gaussian curvature of k < 0 versus k ' > ( k < 0 ) is debated in aim of specifying the 2D electron gas characteristics , data storage system for defining short and long time cycles for different CCNT diameters where space-time continuum is folded by chance for the particle . Precise pre/post data timing for , e.g. , seismic waves before earthquake mantle-reach event occurrence , including time varying self-clocking devices in diverse geographic locations for radar systems is illustrated in the Subsections of the paper . The theoretical fabrication process , electromigration between chip 's components is discussed as well .
0710.0270	cs.NI cond-mat.stat-mech cs.DC	An Analytical Study of a Structured Overlay in the presence of Dynamic Membership	In this paper we present an analytical study of dynamic membership ( aka churn ) in structured peer-to-peer networks . We use a fluid model approach to describe steady-state or transient phenomena , and apply it to the Chord system . For any rate of churn and stabilization rates , and any system size , we accurately account for the functional form of the probability of network disconnection as well as the fraction of failed or incorrect successor and finger pointers . We show how we can use these quantities to predict both the performance and consistency of lookups under churn . All theoretical predictions match simulation results . The analysis includes both features that are generic to structured overlays deploying a ring as well as Chord-specific details , and opens the door to a systematic comparative analysis of , at least , ring-based structured overlay systems under churn .
0710.0318	cs.DS cs.CC	Fast minimum-weight double-tree shortcutting for Metric TSP : Is the best one good enough ?	The Metric Traveling Salesman Problem ( TSP ) is a classical NP-hard optimization problem . The double-tree shortcutting method for Metric TSP yields an exponentially-sized space of TSP tours , each of which approximates the optimal solution within at most a factor of 2 . We consider the problem of finding among these tours the one that gives the closest approximation , i.e.\ the \emph { minimum-weight double-tree shortcutting } . Burkard et al . gave an algorithm for this problem , running in time $ O ( n^3+2^d n^2 ) $ and memory $ O ( 2^d n^2 ) $ , where $ d $ is the maximum node degree in the rooted minimum spanning tree . We give an improved algorithm for the case of small $ d $ ( including planar Euclidean TSP , where $ d \leq 4 $ ) , running in time $ O ( 4^d n^2 ) $ and memory $ O ( 4^d n ) $ . This improvement allows one to solve the problem on much larger instances than previously attempted . Our computational experiments suggest that in terms of the time-quality tradeoff , the minimum-weight double-tree shortcutting method provides one of the best known tour-constructing heuristics .
0710.0360	cs.CC	Interpolation in Valiant 's theory	We investigate the following question : if a polynomial can be evaluated at rational points by a polynomial-time boolean algorithm , does it have a polynomial-size arithmetic circuit ? We argue that this question is certainly difficult . Answering it negatively would indeed imply that the constant-free versions of the algebraic complexity classes VP and VNP defined by Valiant are different . Answering this question positively would imply a transfer theorem from boolean to algebraic complexity . Our proof method relies on Lagrange interpolation and on recent results connecting the ( boolean ) counting hierarchy to algebraic complexity classes . As a byproduct we obtain two additional results : ( i ) The constant-free , degree-unbounded version of Valiant's hypothesis that VP and VNP differ implies the degree-bounded version . This result was previously known to hold for fields of positive characteristic only . ( ii ) If exponential sums of easy to compute polynomials can be computed efficiently , then the same is true of exponential products . We point out an application of this result to the P=NP problem in the Blum-Shub-Smale model of computation over the field of complex numbers .
0710.0386	cs.NI cond-mat.stat-mech cs.DC	Comparing Maintenance Strategies for Overlays	In this paper , we present an analytical tool for understanding the performance of structured overlay networks under churn based on the master-equation approach of physics . We motivate and derive an equation for the average number of hops taken by lookups during churn , for the Chord network . We analyse this equation in detail to understand the behaviour with and without churn . We then use this understanding to predict how lookups will scale for varying peer population as well as varying the sizes of the routing tables . We then consider a change in the maintenance algorithm of the overlay , from periodic stabilisation to a reactive one which corrects fingers only when a change is detected . We generalise our earlier analysis to underdstand how the reactive strategy compares with the periodic one .
0710.0410	cs.CE cs.CV	The Theory of Unified Relativity for a Biovielectroluminescence Phenomenon via Fly 's Visual and Imaging System	The elucidation upon fly 's neuronal patterns as a link to computer graphics and memory cards I/O 's , is investigated for the phenomenon by propounding a unified theory of Einstein 's two known relativities . It is conclusive that flies could contribute a certain amount of neuromatrices indicating an imagery function of a visual-computational system into computer graphics and storage systems . The visual system involves the time aspect , whereas flies possess faster pulses compared to humans ' visual ability due to the E-field state on an active fly 's eye surface . This behaviour can be tested on a dissected fly specimen at its ommatidia . Electro-optical contacts and electrodes are wired through the flesh forming organic emitter layer to stimulate light emission , thereby to a computer circuit . The next step is applying a threshold voltage with secondary voltages to the circuit denoting an array of essential electrodes for bit switch . As a result , circuit 's dormant pulses versus active pulses at the specimen 's area are recorded . The outcome matrix possesses a construction of RGB and time radicals expressing the time problem in consumption , allocating time into computational algorithms , enhancing the technology far beyond . The obtained formulation generates consumed distance cons ( x ) , denoting circuital travel between data source/sink for pixel data and bendable wavelengths . Once 'image logic ' is in place , incorporating this point of graphical acceleration permits one to enhance graphics and optimize immensely central processing , data transmissions between memory and computer visual system . The phenomenon can be mainly used in 360-deg . display/viewing , 3D scanning techniques , military and medicine , a robust and cheap substitution for e.g . pre-motion pattern analysis , real-time rendering and LCDs .
0710.0431	cs.IT math.IT	New Counting Codes for Distributed Video Coding	This paper introduces a new counting code . Its design was motivated by distributed video coding where , for decoding , error correction methods are applied to improve predictions . Those error corrections sometimes fail which results in decoded values worse than the initial prediction . Our code exploits the fact that bit errors are relatively unlikely events : more than a few bit errors in a decoded pixel value are rare . With a carefully designed counting code combined with a prediction those bit errors can be corrected and sometimes the original pixel value recovered . The error correction improves significantly . Our new code not only maximizes the Hamming distance between adjacent ( or `` near 1 '' ) codewords but also between nearby ( for example `` near 2 '' ) codewords . This is why our code is significantly different from the well-known maximal counting sequences which have maximal average Hamming distance . Fortunately , the new counting code can be derived from Gray Codes for every code word length ( i.e . bit depth ) .
