0709.0883	cs.CC cs.NE	Liquid State Machines in Adbiatic Quantum Computers for General Computation	Major mistakes do not read
0709.0896	cs.DL cs.CY	Open Access does not increase citations for research articles from The Astrophysical Journal	We demonstrate conclusively that there is no `` Open Access Advantage '' for papers from the Astrophysical Journal . The two to one citation advantage enjoyed by papers deposited in the arXiv e-print server is due entirely to the nature and timing of the deposited papers . This may have implications for other disciplines .
0709.0906	cs.DM	A Greedy Randomized Adaptive Search Procedure for Technicians and Interventions Scheduling for Telecommunications	The subject of the 5th challenge proposed by the French Society of Operations Research and Decision Analysis ( ROADEF ) consists in scheduling technicians and interventions for telecommunications ( http : //www.g-scop.inpg.fr/ChallengeROADEF2007/ or http : //www.roadef.org/ ) . We detail the algorithm we proposed for this challenge which is a Greedy Randomized Adaptative Search Procedure ( GRASP ) . Computational results led us to the 1st position in the Junior category and to the 4th position in All category of the Challenge ROADEF 2007 .
0709.0907	cs.IT math.IT	Computability of probability measures and Martin-Lof randomness over metric spaces	In this paper we investigate algorithmic randomness on more general spaces than the Cantor space , namely computable metric spaces . To do this , we first develop a unified framework allowing computations with probability measures . We show that any computable metric space with a computable probability measure is isomorphic to the Cantor space in a computable and measure-theoretic sense . We show that any computable metric space admits a universal uniform randomness test ( without further assumption ) .
0709.0965	cs.NI	The Induced Bounded-Degree Subgraph Problem and Stream Control in MIMO Networks	In this report , we consider maximal solutions to the induced bounded-degree subgraph problem and relate it to issues concerning stream control in multiple-input multiple-output ( MIMO ) networks . We present a new distributed algorithm that completes in logarithmic time with high probability and is guaranteed to complete in linear time . We conclude the report with simulation results that address the effectiveness of stream control and the relative impact of receiver overloading and flexible interference suppression .
0709.0974	cs.DM cs.CC cs.DS math.CO	Finding Paths and Cycles in Graphs	A polynomial time algorithm which detects all paths and cycles of all lengths in form of vertex pairs ( start , finish ) .
