0712.3576	cs.IT math.IT	Protocols For Half-Duplex Multiple Relay Networks	In this paper we present several strategies for multiple relay networks which are constrained by a half-duplex operation , i. e. , each node either transmits or receives on a particular resource . Using the discrete memoryless multiple relay channel we present achievable rates for a multilevel partial decode-and-forward approach which generalizes previous results presented by Kramer and Khojastepour et al.. Furthermore , we derive a compress-and-forward approach using a regular encoding scheme which simplifies the encoding and decoding scheme and improves the achievable rates in general . Finally , we give achievable rates for a mixed strategy used in a four-terminal network with alternately transmitting relay nodes .
0712.3641	cs.NI	Controlling Delay-induced Hopf bifurcation in Internet congestion control system	This paper focuses on Hopf bifurcation control in a dual model of Internet congestion control algorithms which is modeled as a delay differential equation ( DDE ) . By choosing communication delay as a bifurcation parameter , it has been demonstrated that the system loses stability and a Hopf bifurcation occurs when communication delay passes through a critical value . Therefore , a time-delayed feedback control method is applied to the system for delaying the onset of undesirable Hopf bifurcation . Theoretical analysis and numerical simulations confirm that the delayed feedback controller is efficient in controlling Hopf bifurcation in Internet congestion control system . Moreover , the direction of the Hopf bifurcation and the stability of the bifurcating periodic solutions are determinated by applying the center manifold theorem and the normal form theory .
0712.3654	cs.NE cs.AI cs.LG	Improving the Performance of PieceWise Linear Separation Incremental Algorithms for Practical Hardware Implementations	In this paper we shall review the common problems associated with Piecewise Linear Separation incremental algorithms . This kind of neural models yield poor performances when dealing with some classification problems , due to the evolving schemes used to construct the resulting networks . So as to avoid this undesirable behavior we shall propose a modification criterion . It is based upon the definition of a function which will provide information about the quality of the network growth process during the learning phase . This function is evaluated periodically as the network structure evolves , and will permit , as we shall show through exhaustive benchmarks , to considerably improve the performance ( measured in terms of network complexity and generalization capabilities ) offered by the networks generated by these incremental models .
0712.3705	cs.CL	Framework and Resources for Natural Language Parser Evaluation	Because of the wide variety of contemporary practices used in the automatic syntactic parsing of natural languages , it has become necessary to analyze and evaluate the strengths and weaknesses of different approaches . This research is all the more necessary because there are currently no genre- and domain-independent parsers that are able to analyze unrestricted text with 100 % preciseness ( I use this term to refer to the correctness of analyses assigned by a parser ) . All these factors create a need for methods and resources that can be used to evaluate and compare parsing systems . This research describes : ( 1 ) A theoretical analysis of current achievements in parsing and parser evaluation . ( 2 ) A framework ( called FEPa ) that can be used to carry out practical parser evaluations and comparisons . ( 3 ) A set of new evaluation resources : FiEval is a Finnish treebank under construction , and MGTS and RobSet are parser evaluation resources in English . ( 4 ) The results of experiments in which the developed evaluation framework and the two resources for English were used for evaluating a set of selected parsers .
0712.3757	cs.DM cs.CR	$ m $ -Sequences of Different Lengths with Four-Valued Cross Correlation	{ \bf Abstract . } Considered is the distribution of the cross correlation between $ m $ -sequences of length $ 2^m-1 $ , where $ m $ is even , and $ m $ -sequences of shorter length $ 2^ { m/2 } -1 $ . The infinite family of pairs of $ m $ -sequences with four-valued cross correlation is constructed and the complete correlation distribution of this family is determined .
0712.3825	cs.AI	Tests of Machine Intelligence	Although the definition and measurement of intelligence is clearly of fundamental importance to the field of artificial intelligence , no general survey of definitions and tests of machine intelligence exists . Indeed few researchers are even aware of alternatives to the Turing test and its many derivatives . In this paper we fill this gap by providing a short survey of the many tests of machine intelligence that have been proposed .
