0706.3502	cs.IT cs.DM cs.NI math.IT	Approximately-Universal Space-Time Codes for the Parallel , Multi-Block and Cooperative-Dynamic-Decode-and-Forward Channels	Explicit codes are constructed that achieve the diversity-multiplexing gain tradeoff of the cooperative-relay channel under the dynamic decode-and-forward protocol for any network size and for all numbers of transmit and receive antennas at the relays . A particularly simple code construction that makes use of the Alamouti code as a basic building block is provided for the single relay case . Along the way , we prove that space-time codes previously constructed in the literature for the block-fading and parallel channels are approximately universal , i.e. , they achieve the DMT for any fading distribution . It is shown how approximate universality of these codes leads to the first DMT-optimum code construction for the general , MIMO-OFDM channel .
0706.3546	cs.DC	stdchk : A Checkpoint Storage System for Desktop Grid Computing	Checkpointing is an indispensable technique to provide fault tolerance for long-running high-throughput applications like those running on desktop grids . This paper argues that a dedicated checkpoint storage system , optimized to operate in these environments , can offer multiple benefits : reduce the load on a traditional file system , offer high-performance through specialization , and , finally , optimize data management by taking into account checkpoint application semantics . Such a storage system can present a unifying abstraction to checkpoint operations , while hiding the fact that there are no dedicated resources to store the checkpoint data . We prototype stdchk , a checkpoint storage system that uses scavenged disk space from participating desktops to build a low-cost storage system , offering a traditional file system interface for easy integration with applications . This paper presents the stdchk architecture , key performance optimizations , support for incremental checkpointing , and increased data availability . Our evaluation confirms that the stdchk approach is viable in a desktop grid setting and offers a low cost storage system with desirable performance characteristics : high write throughput and reduced storage space and network effort to save checkpoint images .
