0708.4284	cs.DM cs.DS	Optimal Per-Edge Processing Times in the Semi-Streaming Model	We present semi-streaming algorithms for basic graph problems that have optimal per-edge processing times and therefore surpass all previous semi-streaming algorithms for these tasks . The semi-streaming model , which is appropriate when dealing with massive graphs , forbids random access to the input and restricts the memory to O ( n*polylog n ) bits . Particularly , the formerly best per-edge processing times for finding the connected components and a bipartition are O ( alpha ( n ) ) , for determining k-vertex and k-edge connectivity O ( k^2n ) and O ( n*log n ) respectively for any constant k and for computing a minimum spanning forest O ( log n ) . All these time bounds we reduce to O ( 1 ) . Every presented algorithm determines a solution asymptotically as fast as the best corresponding algorithm up to date in the classical RAM model , which therefore can not convert the advantage of unlimited memory and random access into superior computing times for these problems .
0708.4288	cs.DS	Pattern Matching in Trees and Strings	We study the design of efficient algorithms for combinatorial pattern matching . More concretely , we study algorithms for tree matching , string matching , and string matching in compressed texts .
0708.4311	cs.AI	2006 : Celebrating 75 years of AI - History and Outlook : the Next 25 Years	When Kurt Goedel layed the foundations of theoretical computer science in 1931 , he also introduced essential concepts of the theory of Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) . Although much of subsequent AI research has focused on heuristics , which still play a major role in many practical AI applications , in the new millennium AI theory has finally become a full-fledged formal science , with important optimality results for embodied agents living in unknown environments , obtained through a combination of theory a la Goedel and probability theory . Here we look back at important milestones of AI history , mention essential recent results , and speculate about what we may expect from the next 25 years , emphasizing the significance of the ongoing dramatic hardware speedups , and discussing Goedel-inspired , self-referential , self-improving universal problem solvers .
0708.4324	cs.RO	Sensitivity Analysis of the Orthoglide , a 3-DOF Translational Parallel Kinematic Machine	This paper presents a sensitivity analysis of the Orthoglide , a 3-DOF translational Parallel Kinematic Machine . Two complementary methods are developed to analyze its sensitivity to its dimensional and angular variations . First , a linkage kinematic analysis method is used to have a rough idea of the influence of the dimensional variations on the location of the end-effector . Besides , this method shows that variations in the design parameters of the same type from one leg to the other have the same influence on the end-effector . However , this method does not take into account the variations in the parallelograms . Thus , a differential vector method is used to study the influence of the dimensional and angular variations in the parts of the manipulator on the position and orientation of the end-effector , and particularly the influence of the variations in the parallelograms . It turns out that the kinematic isotropic configuration of the manipulator is the least sensitive one to its dimensional and angular variations . On the contrary , the closest configurations to its kinematic singular configurations are the most sensitive ones to geometrical variations .
0708.4328	cs.IT math.IT	Dualities Between Entropy Functions and Network Codes	This paper provides a new duality between entropy functions and network codes . Given a function $ g\geq 0 $ defined on all proper subsets of $ N $ random variables , we provide a construction for a network multicast problem which is solvable if and only if $ g $ is entropic . The underlying network topology is fixed and the multicast problem depends on $ g $ only through edge capacities and source rates . Relaxing the requirement that the domain of $ g $ be subsets of random variables , we obtain a similar duality between polymatroids and the linear programming bound . These duality results provide an alternative proof of the insufficiency of linear ( and abelian ) network codes , and demonstrate the utility of non-Shannon inequalities to tighten outer bounds on network coding capacity regions .
0708.4379	cs.GT	A system for the simulation of simultaneous moves between two noncolocational players	We describe a new system for the simulation of simultaneous moves between noncolocational players . This has applications in the burgeoning Rock-Paper-Scissors by mail movement .
0708.4399	cs.DS cs.NA	Type-IV DCT , DST , and MDCT algorithms with reduced numbers of arithmetic operations	We present algorithms for the type-IV discrete cosine transform ( DCT-IV ) and discrete sine transform ( DST-IV ) , as well as for the modified discrete cosine transform ( MDCT ) and its inverse , that achieve a lower count of real multiplications and additions than previously published algorithms , without sacrificing numerical accuracy . Asymptotically , the operation count is reduced from ~2NlogN to ~ ( 17/9 ) NlogN for a power-of-two transform size N , and the exact count is strictly lowered for all N > 4 . These results are derived by considering the DCT to be a special case of a DFT of length 8N , with certain symmetries , and then pruning redundant operations from a recent improved fast Fourier transform algorithm ( based on a recursive rescaling of the conjugate-pair split radix algorithm ) . The improved algorithms for DST-IV and MDCT follow immediately from the improved count for the DCT-IV .
0708.4407	cs.IT cs.DM math.IT math.RA	Algebraic Distributed Differential Space-Time Codes with Low Decoding Complexity	The differential encoding/decoding setup introduced by Kiran et al , Oggier-Hassibi and Jing-Jafarkhani for wireless relay networks that use codebooks consisting of unitary matrices is extended to allow codebooks consisting of scaled unitary matrices . For such codebooks to be usable in the Jing-Hassibi protocol for cooperative diversity , the conditions involving the relay matrices and the codebook that need to be satisfied are identified . Using the algebraic framework of extended Clifford algebras , a new class of Distributed Differential Space-Time Codes satisfying these conditions for power of two number of relays and also achieving full cooperative diversity with a low complexity sub-optimal receiver is proposed . Simulation results indicate that the proposed codes outperform both the cyclic codes as well as the circulant codes . Furthermore , these codes can also be applied as Differential Space-Time codes for non-coherent communication in classical point to point multiple antenna systems .
