0711.2585	cs.DS cond-mat.stat-mech math.CO	Computing the Tutte polynomial in vertex-exponential time	The deletion -- contraction algorithm is perhaps the most popular method for computing a host of fundamental graph invariants such as the chromatic , flow , and reliability polynomials in graph theory , the Jones polynomial of an alternating link in knot theory , and the partition functions of the models of Ising , Potts , and Fortuin -- Kasteleyn in statistical physics . Prior to this work , deletion -- contraction was also the fastest known general-purpose algorithm for these invariants , running in time roughly proportional to the number of spanning trees in the input graph . Here , we give a substantially faster algorithm that computes the Tutte polynomial -- and hence , all the aforementioned invariants and more -- of an arbitrary graph in time within a polynomial factor of the number of connected vertex sets . The algorithm actually evaluates a multivariate generalization of the Tutte polynomial by making use of an identity due to Fortuin and Kasteleyn . We also provide a polynomial-space variant of the algorithm and give an analogous result for Chung and Graham 's cover polynomial . An implementation of the algorithm outperforms deletion -- contraction also in practice .
0711.2605	cs.CG	Generalized D-Forms Have No Spurious Creases	A convex surface that is flat everywhere but on finitely many smooth curves ( or `` seams '' ) and points is a seam form . We show that the only creases through the flat components of a seam form are either between vertices or tangent to the seams . As corollaries we resolve open problems about certain special seam forms : the flat components of a D-form have no creases at all , and the flat component of a pita-form has at most one crease , between the seam 's endpoints .
0711.2615	cs.DB cs.IR	A Biologically Inspired Classifier	We present a method for measuring the distance among records based on the correlations of data stored in the corresponding database entries . The original method ( F. Bagnoli , A. Berrones and F. Franci . Physica A 332 ( 2004 ) 509-518 ) was formulated in the context of opinion formation . The opinions expressed over a set of topic originate a `` knowledge network '' among individuals , where two individuals are nearer the more similar their expressed opinions are . Assuming that individuals ' opinions are stored in a database , the authors show that it is possible to anticipate an opinion using the correlations in the database . This corresponds to approximating the overlap between the tastes of two individuals with the correlations of their expressed opinions . In this paper we extend this model to nonlinear matching functions , inspired by biological problems such as microarray ( probe-sample pairing ) . We investigate numerically the error between the correlation and the overlap matrix for eight sequences of reference with random probes . Results show that this method is particularly robust for detecting similarities in the presence of translocations .
0711.2618	cs.DC cs.GT	A System for Distributed Mechanisms : Design , Implementation and Applications	We describe here a structured system for distributed mechanism design appropriate for both Intranet and Internet applications . In our approach the players dynamically form a network in which they know neither their neighbours nor the size of the network and interact to jointly take decisions . The only assumption concerning the underlying communication layer is that for each pair of processes there is a path of neighbours connecting them . This allows us to deal with arbitrary network topologies . We also discuss the implementation of this system which consists of a sequence of layers . The lower layers deal with the operations that implement the basic primitives of distributed computing , namely low level communication and distributed termination , while the upper layers use these primitives to implement high level communication among players , including broadcasting and multicasting , and distributed decision making . This yields a highly flexible distributed system whose specific applications are realized as instances of its top layer . This design is implemented in Java . The system supports at various levels fault-tolerance and includes a provision for distributed policing the purpose of which is to exclude `dishonest ' players . Also , it can be used for repeated creation of dynamically formed networks of players interested in a joint decision making implemented by means of a tax-based mechanism . We illustrate its flexibility by discussing a number of implemented examples .
0711.2642	cs.IT math.IT	Multiuser MIMO Achievable Rates with Downlink Training and Channel State Feedback	We consider a MIMO fading broadcast channel and compute achievable ergodic rates when channel state information is acquired at the receivers via downlink training and it is provided to the transmitter by channel state feedback . Unquantized ( analog ) and quantized ( digital ) channel state feedback schemes are analyzed and compared under various assumptions . Digital feedback is shown to be potentially superior when the feedback channel uses per channel state coefficient is larger than 1 . Also , we show that by proper design of the digital feedback link , errors in the feedback have a minor effect even if simple uncoded modulation is used on the feedback channel . We discuss first the case of an unfaded AWGN feedback channel with orthogonal access and then the case of fading MIMO multi-access ( MIMO-MAC ) . We show that by exploiting the MIMO-MAC nature of the uplink channel , a much better scaling of the feedback channel resource with the number of base station antennas can be achieved . Finally , for the case of delayed feedback , we show that in the realistic case where the fading process has ( normalized ) maximum Doppler frequency shift 0 < F < 1/2 , a fraction 1 - 2F of the optimal multiplexing gain is achievable . The general conclusion of this work is that very significant downlink throughput is achievable with simple and efficient channel state feedback , provided that the feedback link is properly designed .
0711.2666	cs.IT math.IT	The Generalized Asymptotic Equipartition Property : Necessary and Sufficient Conditions	Suppose a string $ X_1^n= ( X_1 , X_2 , ... , X_n ) $ generated by a memoryless source $ ( X_n ) _ { n\geq 1 } $ with distribution $ P $ is to be compressed with distortion no greater than $ D\geq 0 $ , using a memoryless random codebook with distribution $ Q $ . The compression performance is determined by the `` generalized asymptotic equipartition property '' ( AEP ) , which states that the probability of finding a $ D $ -close match between $ X_1^n $ and any given codeword $ Y_1^n $ , is approximately $ 2^ { -n R ( P , Q , D ) } $ , where the rate function $ R ( P , Q , D ) $ can be expressed as an infimum of relative entropies . The main purpose here is to remove various restrictive assumptions on the validity of this result that have appeared in the recent literature . Necessary and sufficient conditions for the generalized AEP are provided in the general setting of abstract alphabets and unbounded distortion measures . All possible distortion levels $ D\geq 0 $ are considered ; the source $ ( X_n ) _ { n\geq 1 } $ can be stationary and ergodic ; and the codebook distribution can have memory . Moreover , the behavior of the matching probability is precisely characterized , even when the generalized AEP is not valid . Natural characterizations of the rate function $ R ( P , Q , D ) $ are established under equally general conditions .
0711.2671	cs.AR	Combined Integer and Variable Precision ( CIVP ) Floating Point Multiplication Architecture for FPGAs	In this paper , we propose an architecture/methodology for making FPGAs suitable for integer as well as variable precision floating point multiplication . The proposed work will of great importance in applications which requires variable precision floating point multiplication such as multi-media processing applications . In the proposed architecture/methodology , we propose the replacement of existing 18x18 bit and 25x18 bit dedicated multipliers in FPGAs with dedicated 24x24 bit and 24x9 bit multipliers , respectively . We have proved that our approach of providing the dedicated 24x24 bit and 24x9 bit multipliers in FPGAs will make them efficient for performing integer as well as single precision , double precision , and Quadruple precision floating point multiplications .
0711.2674	cs.AR	Partial Reversible Gates ( PRG ) for Reversible BCD Arithmetic	IEEE 754r is the ongoing revision to the IEEE 754 floating point standard and a major enhancement to the standard is the addition of decimal format . Furthermore , in the recent years reversible logic has emerged as a promising computing paradigm having its applications in low power CMOS , quantum computing , nanotechnology , and optical computing . The major goal in reversible logic is to minimize the number of reversible gates and garbage outputs . Thus , this paper proposes the novel concept of partial reversible gates that will satisfy the reversibility criteria for specific cases in BCD arithmetic . The partial reversible gate is proposed to minimize the number of reversible gates and garbage outputs , while designing the reversible BCD arithmetic circuits .
0711.2710	cs.DS	Finding a Feasible Flow in a Strongly Connected Network	We consider the problem of finding a feasible single-commodity flow in a strongly connected network with fixed supplies and demands , provided that the sum of supplies equals the sum of demands and the minimum arc capacity is at least this sum . A fast algorithm for this problem improves the worst-case time bound of the Goldberg-Rao maximum flow method by a constant factor . Erlebach and Hagerup gave an linear-time feasible flow algorithm . We give an arguably simpler one .
0711.2712	cs.IT math.IT	Parity Forwarding for Multiple-Relay Networks	This paper proposes a relaying strategy for the multiple-relay network in which each relay decodes a selection of transmitted messages by other transmitting terminals , and forwards parities of the decoded codewords . This protocol improves the previously known achievable rate of the decode-and-forward ( DF ) strategy for multirelay networks by allowing relays to decode only a selection of messages from relays with strong links to it . Hence , each relay may have several choices as to which messages to decode , and for a given network many different parity forwarding protocols may exist . A tree structure is devised to characterize a class of parity forwarding protocols for an arbitrary multirelay network . Based on this tree structure , closed-form expressions for the achievable rates of these DF schemes are derived . It is shown that parity forwarding is capacity achieving for new forms of degraded relay networks .
