0707.2833	cs.RO	A Comparative Study between Two Three-DOF Parallel Kinematic Machines using Kinetostatic Criteria and Interval Analysis	This paper addresses the workspace analysis of two 3-DOF translational parallel mechanisms designed for machining applications . The two machines features three fixed linear joints . The joint axes of the first machine are orthogonal whereas these of the second are parallel . In both cases , the mobile platform moves in the Cartesian $ x-y-z $ space with fixed orientation . The workspace analysis is conducted on the basis of prescribed kinetostatic performances . Interval analysis based methods are used to compute the dextrous workspace and the largest cube enclosed in this workspace .
0707.2836	cs.IT cs.MM math.IT	Multimedia Capacity Analysis of the IEEE 802.11e Contention-based Infrastructure Basic Service Set	We first propose a simple mathematical analysis framework for the Enhanced Distributed Channel Access ( EDCA ) function of the recently ratified IEEE 802.11e standard . Our analysis considers the fact that the distributed random access systems exhibit cyclic behavior . The proposed model is valid for arbitrary assignments of AC-specific Arbitration Interframe Space ( AIFS ) values and Contention Window ( CW ) sizes and is the first that considers an arbitrary distribution of active Access Categories ( ACs ) at the stations . Validating the theoretical results via extensive simulations , we show that the proposed analysis accurately captures the EDCA saturation performance . Next , we propose a framework for multimedia capacity analysis of the EDCA function . We calculate an accurate station- and AC-specific queue utilization ratio by appropriately weighing the service time predictions of the cycle time model for different number of active stations . Based on the calculated queue utilization ratio , we design a simple model-based admission control scheme . We show that the proposed call admission control algorithm maintains satisfactory user-perceived quality for coexisting voice and video connections in an infrastructure BSS and does not present over- or under-admission problems of previously proposed models in the literature .
0707.2841	cs.RO	The Virtual Manufacturing concept : Scope , Socio-Economic Aspects and Future Trends	The research area `` Virtual Manufacturing ( VM ) '' is the use of information technology and computer simulation to model real world manufacturing processes for the purpose of analysing and understanding them . As automation technologies such as CAD/CAM have substantially shortened the time required to design products , Virtual Manufacturing will have a similar effect on the manufacturing phase thanks to the modelling , simulation and optimisation of the product and the processes involved in its fabrication . After a description of Virtual Manufacturing ( definitions and scope ) , we present some socio-economic factors of VM and finaly some `` hot topics '' for the future are proposed .
0707.2842	cs.RO	A Classification of 3R Orthogonal Manipulators by the Topology of their Workspace	A classification of a family of 3-revolute ( 3R ) positining manipulators is established . This classification is based on the topology of their workspace . The workspace is characterized in a half-cross section by the singular curves . The workspace topology is defined by the number of cusps and nodes that appear on these singular curves . The design parameters space is shown to be divided into nine domains of distinct workspace topologies , in which all manipulators have similar global kinematic properties . Each separating surface is given as an explicit expression in the DH-parameters .
0707.2886	cs.DL	OA @ MPS - a colourful view	The open access agenda of the Max Planck Society , initiator of the Berlin Declaration , envisions the support of both the green way and the golden way to open access . For the implementation of the green way the Max Planck Society through its newly established unit ( Max Planck Digital Library ) follows the idea of providing a centralized technical platform for publications and a local support for editorial issues . With regard to the golden way , the Max Planck Society fosters the development of open access publication models and experiments new publishing concepts like the Living Reviews journals .
0707.2921	cs.DM cs.NA	Covering a line segment with variable radius discs	The paper addresses the problem of locating sensors with a circular field of view so that a given line segment is under full surveillance , which is termed as the Disc Covering Problem on a Line . The cost of each sensor includes a fixed component , and a variable component that is proportional to the field-of-view area . When only one type of sensor or , in general , one type of disc , is available , then a simple polynomial algorithm solves the problem . When there are different types of sensors in terms of fixed and variable costs , the problem becomes NP-hard . A branch-and-bound algorithm as well as an efficient heuristic are developed . The heuristic very often obtains the optimal solution as shown in extensive computational testing .
0707.2926	cs.IT math.IT	Robust Hypothesis Testing with a Relative Entropy Tolerance	This paper considers the design of a minimax test for two hypotheses where the actual probability densities of the observations are located in neighborhoods obtained by placing a bound on the relative entropy between actual and nominal densities . The minimax problem admits a saddle point which is characterized . The robust test applies a nonlinear transformation which flattens the nominal likelihood ratio in the vicinity of one . Results are illustrated by considering the transmission of binary data in the presence of additive noise .
0707.2934	cs.CY	Instrumented Collective Learning Situations ( ICLS ) : the Gap between Theoretical Research and Observed Practices	According to socio-constructivism approach , collective situations are promoted to favor learning in classroom , at a distance or in a blended educational context . So , many Information and Communication Technologies ( ICT ) are provided to teachers but there are no clear studies about the way they are used and perceived . Our research is based on the hypothesis that practices of educational actors ( instructional designers and tutors ) are far away from theoretical results of research in education technologies . In this paper , we consider a precise kind of situation : Instrumented Collective Learning Situations ( ICLS ) . By a survey on 13 fields in higher education in France , Switzerland and Canada , we present how ICLS are designed and how teachers used them . Conclusions give an indication on the gap between the way information technologies are prescribed and the way they are actually used and perceived by teachers .
