0709.0566	cs.DB q-bio.NC	Discovering Patterns in Multi-neuronal Spike Trains using the Frequent Episode Method	Discovering the 'Neural Code ' from multi-neuronal spike trains is an important task in neuroscience . For such an analysis , it is important to unearth interesting regularities in the spiking patterns . In this report , we present an efficient method for automatically discovering synchrony , synfire chains , and more general sequences of neuronal firings . We use the Frequent Episode Discovery framework of Laxman , Sastry , and Unnikrishnan ( 2005 ) , in which the episodes are represented and recognized using finite-state automata . Many aspects of functional connectivity between neuronal populations can be inferred from the episodes . We demonstrate these using simulated multi-neuronal data from a Poisson model . We also present a method to assess the statistical significance of the discovered episodes . Since the Temporal Data Mining ( TDM ) methods used in this report can analyze data from hundreds and potentially thousands of neurons , we argue that this framework is appropriate for discovering the `Neural Code ' .
0709.0599	cs.IT math.IT	On Universal Properties of Capacity-Approaching LDPC Ensembles	This paper is focused on the derivation of some universal properties of capacity-approaching low-density parity-check ( LDPC ) code ensembles whose transmission takes place over memoryless binary-input output-symmetric ( MBIOS ) channels . Properties of the degree distributions , graphical complexity and the number of fundamental cycles in the bipartite graphs are considered via the derivation of information-theoretic bounds . These bounds are expressed in terms of the target block/ bit error probability and the gap ( in rate ) to capacity . Most of the bounds are general for any decoding algorithm , and some others are proved under belief propagation ( BP ) decoding . Proving these bounds under a certain decoding algorithm , validates them automatically also under any sub-optimal decoding algorithm . A proper modification of these bounds makes them universal for the set of all MBIOS channels which exhibit a given capacity . Bounds on the degree distributions and graphical complexity apply to finite-length LDPC codes and to the asymptotic case of an infinite block length . The bounds are compared with capacity-approaching LDPC code ensembles under BP decoding , and they are shown to be informative and are easy to calculate . Finally , some interesting open problems are considered .
0709.0624	cs.DS	On Faster Integer Calculations using Non-Arithmetic Primitives	The unit cost model is both convenient and largely realistic for describing integer decision algorithms over ( + , * ) . Additional operations like division with remainder or bitwise conjunction , although equally supported by computing hardware , may lead to a considerable drop in complexity . We show a variety of concrete problems to benefit from such NON-arithmetic primitives by presenting and analyzing corresponding fast algorithms .
0709.0670	cs.DS cs.IT math.IT	Using Data Compressors to Construct Rank Tests	Nonparametric rank tests for homogeneity and component independence are proposed , which are based on data compressors . For homogeneity testing the idea is to compress the binary string obtained by ordering the two joint samples and writing 0 if the element is from the first sample and 1 if it is from the second sample and breaking ties by randomization ( extension to the case of multiple samples is straightforward ) . $ H_0 $ should be rejected if the string is compressed ( to a certain degree ) and accepted otherwise . We show that such a test obtained from an ideal data compressor is valid against all alternatives . Component independence is reduced to homogeneity testing by constructing two samples , one of which is the first half of the original and the other is the second half with one of the components randomly permuted .
0709.0674	cs.AI cs.GR	Simple Algorithmic Principles of Discovery , Subjective Beauty , Selective Attention , Curiosity & Creativity	I postulate that human or other intelligent agents function or should function as follows . They store all sensory observations as they come - the data is holy . At any time , given some agent 's current coding capabilities , part of the data is compressible by a short and hopefully fast program / description / explanation / world model . In the agent 's subjective eyes , such data is more regular and more `` beautiful '' than other data . It is well-known that knowledge of regularity and repeatability may improve the agent 's ability to plan actions leading to external rewards . In absence of such rewards , however , known beauty is boring . Then `` interestingness '' becomes the first derivative of subjective beauty : as the learning agent improves its compression algorithm , formerly apparently random data parts become subjectively more regular and beautiful . Such progress in compressibility is measured and maximized by the curiosity drive : create action sequences that extend the observation history and yield previously unknown / unpredictable but quickly learnable algorithmic regularity . We discuss how all of the above can be naturally implemented on computers , through an extension of passive unsupervised learning to the case of active data selection : we reward a general reinforcement learner ( with access to the adaptive compressor ) for actions that improve the subjective compressibility of the growing data . An unusually large breakthrough in compressibility deserves the name `` discovery '' . The `` creativity '' of artists , dancers , musicians , pure mathematicians can be viewed as a by-product of this principle . Several qualitative examples support this hypothesis .
0709.0677	cs.CC cs.DS	On the Complexity of Protein Local Structure Alignment Under the Discrete Fr\'echet Distance	We show that given $ m $ proteins ( or protein backbones , which are modeled as 3D polygonal chains each of length O ( n ) ) the problem of protein local structure alignment under the discrete Fr\ ' { e } chet distance is as hard as Independent Set . So the problem does not admit any approximation of factor $ n^ { 1-\epsilon } $ . This is the strongest negative result regarding the protein local structure alignment problem . On the other hand , if $ m $ is a constant , then the problem can be solved in polygnomial time .
0709.0680	cs.RO	Designing a Virtual Manikin Animation Framework Aimed at Virtual Prototyping	In the industry , numerous commercial packages provide tools to introduce , and analyse human behaviour in the product 's environment ( for maintenance , ergonomics ... ) , thanks to Virtual Humans . We will focus on control . Thanks to algorithms newly introduced in recent research papers , we think we can provide an implementation , which even widens , and simplifies the animation capacities of virtual manikins . In order to do so , we are going to express the industrial expectations as for Virtual Humans , without considering feasibility ( not to bias the issue ) . The second part will show that no commercial application provides the tools that perfectly meet the needs . Thus we propose a new animation framework that better answers the problem . Our contribution is the integration - driven by need ~ of available new scientific techniques to animate Virtual Humans , in a new control scheme that better answers industrial expectations .
0709.0746	cs.CC	Geometric Complexity Theory : Introduction	These are lectures notes for the introductory graduate courses on geometric complexity theory ( GCT ) in the computer science department , the university of Chicago . Part I consists of the lecture notes for the course given by the first author in the spring quarter , 2007 . It gives introduction to the basic structure of GCT . Part II consists of the lecture notes for the course given by the second author in the spring quarter , 2003 . It gives introduction to invariant theory with a view towards GCT . No background in algebraic geometry or representation theory is assumed . These lecture notes in conjunction with the article \cite { GCTflip1 } , which describes in detail the basic plan of GCT based on the principle called the flip , should provide a high level picture of GCT assuming familiarity with only basic notions of algebra , such as groups , rings , fields etc .
0709.0748	cs.CC	On P vs. NP , Geometric Complexity Theory , and the Flip I : a high level view	Geometric complexity theory ( GCT ) is an approach to the $ P $ vs. $ NP $ and related problems through algebraic geometry and representation theory . This article gives a high-level exposition of the basic plan of GCT based on the principle , called the flip , without assuming any background in algebraic geometry or representation theory .
0709.0749	cs.CC	Geometric Complexity Theory VII : Nonstandard quantum group for the plethysm problem	This article describes a { \em nonstandard } quantum group that may be used to derive a positive formula for the plethysm problem , just as the standard ( Drinfeld-Jimbo ) quantum group can be used to derive the positive Littlewood-Richardson rule for arbitrary complex semisimple Lie groups . The sequel \cite { GCT8 } gives conjecturally correct algorithms to construct canonical bases of the coordinate rings of these nonstandard quantum groups and canonical bases of the dually paired nonstandard deformations of the symmetric group algebra . A positive $ # P $ -formula for the plethysm constant follows from the conjectural properties of these canonical bases and the duality and reciprocity conjectures herein .
0709.0751	cs.CC	Geometric Complexity Theory VIII : On canonical bases for the nonstandard quantum groups	This article gives conjecturally correct algorithms to construct canonical bases of the irreducible polynomial representations and the matrix coordinate rings of the nonstandard quantum groups in GCT4 and GCT7 , and canonical bases of the dually paired nonstandard deformations of the symmetric group algebra therein . These are generalizations of the canonical bases of the irreducible polynomial representations and the matrix coordinate ring of the standard quantum group , as constructed by Kashiwara and Lusztig , and the Kazhdan-Lusztig basis of the Hecke algebra . A positive ( $ # P $ - ) formula for the well-known plethysm constants follows from their conjectural properties and the duality and reciprocity conjectures in \cite { GCT7 } .
