0710.1383	cs.IT math.IT	Log-concavity property of the error probability with application to local bounds for wireless communications	A clear understanding the behavior of the error probability ( EP ) as a function of signal-to-noise ratio ( SNR ) and other system parameters is fundamental for assessing the design of digital wireless communication systems.We propose an analytical framework based on the log-concavity property of the EP which we prove for a wide family of multidimensional modulation formats in the presence of Gaussian disturbances and fading . Based on this property , we construct a class of local bounds for the EP that improve known generic bounds in a given region of the SNR and are invertible , as well as easily tractable for further analysis . This concept is motivated by the fact that communication systems often operate with performance in a certain region of interest ( ROI ) and , thus , it may be advantageous to have tighter bounds within this region instead of generic bounds valid for all SNRs . We present a possible application of these local bounds , but their relevance is beyond the example made in this paper .
0710.1385	cs.IT cs.NI math.IT	Cognitive Medium Access : Exploration , Exploitation and Competition	This paper establishes the equivalence between cognitive medium access and the competitive multi-armed bandit problem . First , the scenario in which a single cognitive user wishes to opportunistically exploit the availability of empty frequency bands in the spectrum with multiple bands is considered . In this scenario , the availability probability of each channel is unknown to the cognitive user a priori . Hence efficient medium access strategies must strike a balance between exploring the availability of other free channels and exploiting the opportunities identified thus far . By adopting a Bayesian approach for this classical bandit problem , the optimal medium access strategy is derived and its underlying recursive structure is illustrated via examples . To avoid the prohibitive computational complexity of the optimal strategy , a low complexity asymptotically optimal strategy is developed . The proposed strategy does not require any prior statistical knowledge about the traffic pattern on the different channels . Next , the multi-cognitive user scenario is considered and low complexity medium access protocols , which strike the optimal balance between exploration and exploitation in such competitive environments , are developed . Finally , this formalism is extended to the case in which each cognitive user is capable of sensing and using multiple channels simultaneously .
