0705.2854	cs.IT cs.CV math.IT	Scanning and Sequential Decision Making for Multi-Dimensional Data - Part II : the Noisy Case	We consider the problem of sequential decision making on random fields corrupted by noise . In this scenario , the decision maker observes a noisy version of the data , yet judged with respect to the clean data . In particular , we first consider the problem of sequentially scanning and filtering noisy random fields . In this case , the sequential filter is given the freedom to choose the path over which it traverses the random field ( e.g. , noisy image or video sequence ) , thus it is natural to ask what is the best achievable performance and how sensitive this performance is to the choice of the scan . We formally define the problem of scanning and filtering , derive a bound on the best achievable performance and quantify the excess loss occurring when non-optimal scanners are used , compared to optimal scanning and filtering . We then discuss the problem of sequential scanning and prediction of noisy random fields . This setting is a natural model for applications such as restoration and coding of noisy images . We formally define the problem of scanning and prediction of a noisy multidimensional array and relate the optimal performance to the clean scandictability defined by Merhav and Weissman . Moreover , bounds on the excess loss due to sub-optimal scans are derived , and a universal prediction algorithm is suggested . This paper is the second part of a two-part paper . The first paper dealt with sequential decision making on noiseless data arrays , namely , when the decision maker is judged with respect to the same data array it observes .
0705.2862	cs.CR	Cryptanalysis of group-based key agreement protocols using subgroup distance functions	We introduce a new approach for cryptanalysis of key agreement protocols based on noncommutative groups . This approach uses functions that estimate the distance of a group element to a given subgroup . We test it against the Shpilrain-Ushakov protocol , which is based on Thompson 's group F .
0705.2876	cs.CR cs.DS	An online algorithm for generating fractal hash chains applied to digital chains of custody	This paper gives an online algorithm for generating Jakobsson 's fractal hash chains . Our new algorithm compliments Jakobsson 's fractal hash chain algorithm for preimage traversal since his algorithm assumes the entire hash chain is precomputed and a particular list of Ceiling ( log n ) hash elements or pebbles are saved . Our online algorithm for hash chain traversal incrementally generates a hash chain of n hash elements without knowledge of n before it starts . For any n , our algorithm stores only the Ceiling ( log n ) pebbles which are precisely the inputs for Jakobsson 's amortized hash chain preimage traversal algorithm . This compact representation is useful to generate , traverse , and store a number of large digital hash chains on a small and constrained device . We also give an application using both Jakobsson 's and our new algorithm applied to digital chains of custody for validating dynamically changing forensics data .
