0711.2112	cs.DM cs.GT	Bi-capacities -- Part II : the Choquet integral	Bi-capacities arise as a natural generalization of capacities ( or fuzzy measures ) in a context of decision making where underlying scales are bipolar . They are able to capture a wide variety of decision behaviours , encompassing models such as Cumulative Prospect Theory ( CPT ) . The aim of this paper in two parts is to present the machinery behind bi-capacities , and thus remains on a rather theoretical level , although some parts are firmly rooted in decision theory , notably cooperative game theory . The present second part focuses on the definition of Choquet integral . We give several expressions of it , including an expression w.r.t . the M\ '' obius transform . This permits to express the Choquet integral for 2-additive bi-capacities w.r.t . the interaction index .
0711.2114	cs.DM cs.GT	Bi-capacities -- Part I : definition , M\ '' obius transform and interaction	Bi-capacities arise as a natural generalization of capacities ( or fuzzy measures ) in a context of decision making where underlying scales are bipolar . They are able to capture a wide variety of decision behaviours , encompassing models such as Cumulative Prospect Theory ( CPT ) . The aim of this paper in two parts is to present the machinery behind bi-capacities , and thus remains on a rather theoretical level , although some parts are firmly rooted in decision theory , notably cooperative game theory . The present first part is devoted to the introduction of bi-capacities and the structure on which they are defined . We define the M\ '' obius transform of bi-capacities , by just applying the well known theory of M\ '' obius functions as established by Rota to the particular case of bi-capacities . Then , we introduce derivatives of bi-capacities , by analogy with what was done for pseudo-Boolean functions ( another view of capacities and set functions ) , and this is the key point to introduce the Shapley value and the interaction index for bi-capacities . This is done in a cooperative game theoretic perspective . In summary , all familiar notions used for fuzzy measures are available in this more general framework .
0711.2115	cs.DM cs.GT	Derivative of functions over lattices as a basis for the notion of interaction between attributes	The paper proposes a general notion of interaction between attributes , which can be applied to many fields in decision making and data analysis . It generalizes the notion of interaction defined for criteria modelled by capacities , by considering functions defined on lattices . For a given problem , the lattice contains for each attribute the partially ordered set of remarkable points or levels . The interaction is based on the notion of derivative of a function defined on a lattice , and appears as a generalization of the Shapley value or other probabilistic values .
0711.2116	cs.CE	A numerical approach for 3D manufacturing tolerances synthesis	Making a product conform to the functional requirements indicated by the customer suppose to be able to manage the manufacturing process chosen to realise the parts . A simulation step is generally performed to verify that the expected generated deviations fit with these requirements . It is then necessary to assess the actual deviations of the process in progress . This is usually done by the verification of the conformity of the workpiece to manufacturing tolerances at the end of each set-up . It is thus necessary to determine these manufacturing tolerances . This step is called `` manufacturing tolerance synthesis '' . In this paper , a numerical method is proposed to perform 3D manufacturing tolerances synthesis . This method uses the result of the numerical analysis of tolerances to determine influent mall displacement of surfaces . These displacements are described by small displacements torsors . An algorithm is then proposed to determine suitable ISO manufacturing tolerances .
0711.2155	cs.LO	Guarded Hybrid Knowledge Bases	Recently , there has been a lot of interest in the integration of Description Logics and rules on the Semantic Web.We define guarded hybrid knowledge bases ( or g-hybrid knowledge bases ) as knowledge bases that consist of a Description Logic knowledge base and a guarded logic program , similar to the DL+log knowledge bases from ( Rosati 2006 ) . G-hybrid knowledge bases enable an integration of Description Logics and Logic Programming where , unlike in other approaches , variables in the rules of a guarded program do not need to appear in positive non-DL atoms of the body , i.e . DL atoms can act as guards as well . Decidability of satisfiability checking of g-hybrid knowledge bases is shown for the particular DL DLRO , which is close to OWL DL , by a reduction to guarded programs under the open answer set semantics . Moreover , we show 2-EXPTIME-completeness for satisfiability checking of such g-hybrid knowledge bases . Finally , we discuss advantages and disadvantages of our approach compared with DL+log knowledge bases .
0711.2157	cs.DS	On Approximating Multi-Criteria TSP	We present approximation algorithms for almost all variants of the multi-criteria traveling salesman problem ( TSP ) . First , we devise randomized approximation algorithms for multi-criteria maximum traveling salesman problems ( Max-TSP ) . For multi-criteria Max-STSP , where the edge weights have to be symmetric , we devise an algorithm with an approximation ratio of 2/3 - eps . For multi-criteria Max-ATSP , where the edge weights may be asymmetric , we present an algorithm with a ratio of 1/2 - eps . Our algorithms work for any fixed number k of objectives . Furthermore , we present a deterministic algorithm for bi-criteria Max-STSP that achieves an approximation ratio of 7/27 . Finally , we present a randomized approximation algorithm for the asymmetric multi-criteria minimum TSP with triangle inequality Min-ATSP . This algorithm achieves a ratio of log n + eps .
0711.2239	cs.HC	Mise en place de sc\'enarios pour la conception d'outils en Chirurgie Minimalement Invasive	Nowadays , more and more surgical interventions are carried out in Minimally Invasive Surgery , to make the post-operative constraints less painful for the patient . Actually , new surgical tools or medical products are designed after informal discussions between surgeons and designers . The user requirements documents are the main document used by the mechanical designers to design and improve the product . Medical terms , often used by surgeons and employed to explain their needs , do n't allow for an instantaneous understanding by designers . Unfortunately , this relation causes a dysfunction in the definition cycle of the product . Our aim is to work on the design process , its assistance thanks to methods and tools and on its organisation for better understandings and more complementarities between surgeons and designers . We propose on this article a design method already tested in the informatics domain : User Centred Design which takes the user into account more effectively in the process design . We already propose a scenario oriented design method centred on the user and represented as a scenario ( Scenario-Based Design ) . We start in this article by clarifying these concepts before detailing their implementation for the design of a new surgical tool .
0711.2270	cs.CL cs.AI q-bio.NC	Can a Computer Laugh ?	A computer model of `` a sense of humour '' suggested previously [ arXiv:0711.2058,0711.2061 ] , relating the humorous effect with a specific malfunction in information processing , is given in somewhat different exposition . Psychological aspects of humour are elaborated more thoroughly . The mechanism of laughter is formulated on the more general level . Detailed discussion is presented for the higher levels of information processing , which are responsible for a perception of complex samples of humour . Development of a sense of humour in the process of evolution is discussed .
