0712.0653	cs.LG	Equations of States in Singular Statistical Estimation	Learning machines which have hierarchical structures or hidden variables are singular statistical models because they are nonidentifiable and their Fisher information matrices are singular . In singular statistical models , neither the Bayes a posteriori distribution converges to the normal distribution nor the maximum likelihood estimator satisfies asymptotic normality . This is the main reason why it has been difficult to predict their generalization performances from trained states . In this paper , we study four errors , ( 1 ) Bayes generalization error , ( 2 ) Bayes training error , ( 3 ) Gibbs generalization error , and ( 4 ) Gibbs training error , and prove that there are mathematical relations among these errors . The formulas proved in this paper are equations of states in statistical estimation because they hold for any true distribution , any parametric model , and any a priori distribution . Also we show that Bayes and Gibbs generalization errors are estimated by Bayes and Gibbs training errors , and propose widely applicable information criteria which can be applied to both regular and singular statistical models .
0712.0693	cs.CR	Cryptanalysis of an image encryption scheme based on the Hill cipher	This paper studies the security of an image encryption scheme based on the Hill cipher and reports its following problems : 1 ) there is a simple necessary and sufficient condition that makes a number of secret keys invalid ; 2 ) it is insensitive to the change of the secret key ; 3 ) it is insensitive to the change of the plain-image ; 4 ) it can be broken with only one known/chosen-plaintext ; 5 ) it has some other minor defects .
0712.0744	cs.MA cs.AI q-bio.PE q-bio.QM	Computational Chemotaxis in Ants and Bacteria over Dynamic Environments	Chemotaxis can be defined as an innate behavioural response by an organism to a directional stimulus , in which bacteria , and other single-cell or multicellular organisms direct their movements according to certain chemicals in their environment . This is important for bacteria to find food ( e.g. , glucose ) by swimming towards the highest concentration of food molecules , or to flee from poisons . Based on self-organized computational approaches and similar stigmergic concepts we derive a novel swarm intelligent algorithm . What strikes from these observations is that both eusocial insects as ant colonies and bacteria have similar natural mechanisms based on stigmergy in order to emerge coherent and sophisticated patterns of global collective behaviour . Keeping in mind the above characteristics we will present a simple model to tackle the collective adaptation of a social swarm based on real ant colony behaviors ( SSA algorithm ) for tracking extrema in dynamic environments and highly multimodal complex functions described in the well-know De Jong test suite . Later , for the purpose of comparison , a recent model of artificial bacterial foraging ( BFOA algorithm ) based on similar stigmergic features is described and analyzed . Final results indicate that the SSA collective intelligence is able to cope and quickly adapt to unforeseen situations even when over the same cooperative foraging period , the community is requested to deal with two different and contradictory purposes , while outperforming BFOA in adaptive speed . Results indicate that the present approach deals well in severe Dynamic Optimization problems .
0712.0769	cs.OH physics.med-ph	Towards 3D ultrasound image based soft tissue tracking : a transrectal ultrasound prostate image alignment system	The emergence of real-time 3D ultrasound ( US ) makes it possible to consider image-based tracking of subcutaneous soft tissue targets for computer guided diagnosis and therapy . We propose a 3D transrectal US based tracking system for precise prostate biopsy sample localisation . The aim is to improve sample distribution , to enable targeting of unsampled regions for repeated biopsies , and to make post-interventional quality controls possible . Since the patient is not immobilized , since the prostate is mobile and due to the fact that probe movements are only constrained by the rectum during biopsy acquisition , the tracking system must be able to estimate rigid transformations that are beyond the capture range of common image similarity measures . We propose a fast and robust multi-resolution attribute-vector registration approach that combines global and local optimization methods to solve this problem . Global optimization is performed on a probe movement model that reduces the dimensionality of the search space and thus renders optimization efficient . The method was tested on 237 prostate volumes acquired from 14 different patients for 3D to 3D and 3D to orthogonal 2D slices registration . The 3D-3D version of the algorithm converged correctly in 96.7 % of all cases in 6.5s with an accuracy of 1.41mm ( r.m.s . ) and 3.84mm ( max ) . The 3D to slices method yielded a success rate of 88.9 % in 2.3s with an accuracy of 1.37mm ( r.m.s . ) and 4.3mm ( max ) .
0712.0804	cs.DM	Minimum Cost Homomorphisms to Locally Semicomplete and Quasi-Transitive Digraphs	For digraphs $ G $ and $ H $ , a homomorphism of $ G $ to $ H $ is a mapping $ f : \ V ( G ) \dom V ( H ) $ such that $ uv\in A ( G ) $ implies $ f ( u ) f ( v ) \in A ( H ) $ . If , moreover , each vertex $ u \in V ( G ) $ is associated with costs $ c_i ( u ) , i \in V ( H ) $ , then the cost of a homomorphism $ f $ is $ \sum_ { u\in V ( G ) } c_ { f ( u ) } ( u ) $ . For each fixed digraph $ H $ , the minimum cost homomorphism problem for $ H $ , denoted MinHOM ( $ H $ ) , can be formulated as follows : Given an input digraph $ G $ , together with costs $ c_i ( u ) $ , $ u\in V ( G ) $ , $ i\in V ( H ) $ , decide whether there exists a homomorphism of $ G $ to $ H $ and , if one exists , to find one of minimum cost . Minimum cost homomorphism problems encompass ( or are related to ) many well studied optimization problems such as the minimum cost chromatic partition and repair analysis problems . We focus on the minimum cost homomorphism problem for locally semicomplete digraphs and quasi-transitive digraphs which are two well-known generalizations of tournaments . Using graph-theoretic characterization results for the two digraph classes , we obtain a full dichotomy classification of the complexity of minimum cost homomorphism problems for both classes .
0712.0811	cs.PF cs.OH	The Fast Fibonacci Decompression Algorithm	Data compression has been widely applied in many data processing areas . Compression methods use variable-size codes with the shorter codes assigned to symbols or groups of symbols that appear in the data frequently . Fibonacci coding , as a representative of these codes , is used for compressing small numbers . Time consumption of a decompression algorithm is not usually as important as the time of a compression algorithm . However , efficiency of the decompression may be a critical issue in some cases . For example , a real-time compression of tree data structures follows this issue . Tree 's pages are decompressed during every reading from a secondary storage into the main memory . In this case , the efficiency of a decompression algorithm is extremely important . We have developed a Fast Fibonacci decompression for this purpose . Our approach is up to $ 3.5\times $ faster than the original implementation .
0712.0836	cs.AI	Evolving localizations in reaction-diffusion cellular automata	We consider hexagonal cellular automata with immediate cell neighbourhood and three cell-states . Every cell calculates its next state depending on the integral representation of states in its neighbourhood , i.e . how many neighbours are in each one state . We employ evolutionary algorithms to breed local transition functions that support mobile localizations ( gliders ) , and characterize sets of the functions selected in terms of quasi-chemical systems . Analysis of the set of functions evolved allows to speculate that mobile localizations are likely to emerge in the quasi-chemical systems with limited diffusion of one reagent , a small number of molecules is required for amplification of travelling localizations , and reactions leading to stationary localizations involve relatively equal amount of quasi-chemical species . Techniques developed can be applied in cascading signals in nature-inspired spatially extended computing devices , and phenomenological studies and classification of non-linear discrete systems .
0712.0840	cs.LG cs.DM	A Universal Kernel for Learning Regular Languages	We give a universal kernel that renders all the regular languages linearly separable . We are not able to compute this kernel efficiently and conjecture that it is intractable , but we do have an efficient $ \eps $ -approximation .
0712.0871	cs.IT math.IT	Balancing forward and feedback error correction for erasure channels with unreliable feedback	The traditional information theoretic approach to studying feedback is to consider ideal instantaneous high-rate feedback of the channel outputs to the encoder . This was acceptable in classical work because the results were negative : Shannon pointed out that even perfect feedback often does not improve capacity and in the context of symmetric DMCs , Dobrushin showed that it does not improve the fixed block-coding error exponents in the interesting high rate regime . However , it has recently been shown that perfect feedback does allow great improvements in the asymptotic tradeoff between end-to-end delay and probability of error , even for symmetric channels at high rate . Since gains are claimed with ideal instantaneous feedback , it is natural to wonder whether these improvements remain if the feedback is unreliable or otherwise limited . Here , packet-erasure channels are considered on both the forward and feedback links . First , the feedback channel is considered as a given and a strategy is given to balance forward and feedback error correction in the suitable information-theoretic limit of long end-to-end delays . At high enough rates , perfect-feedback performance is asymptotically attainable despite having only unreliable feedback ! Second , the results are interpreted in the zero- sum case of `` half-duplex '' nodes where the allocation of bandwidth or time to the feedback channel comes at the direct expense of the forward channel . It turns out that even here , feedback is worthwhile since dramatically lower asymptotic delays are possible by appropriately balancing forward and feedback error correction . The results easily generalize to channels with strictly positive zero-undeclared-error capacities .
0712.0873	cs.IT math.IT	The price of ignorance : The impact of side-information on delay for lossless source-coding	Inspired by the context of compressing encrypted sources , this paper considers the general tradeoff between rate , end-to-end delay , and probability of error for lossless source coding with side-information . The notion of end-to-end delay is made precise by considering a sequential setting in which source symbols are revealed in real time and need to be reconstructed at the decoder within a certain fixed latency requirement . Upper bounds are derived on the reliability functions with delay when side-information is known only to the decoder as well as when it is also known at the encoder . When the encoder is not ignorant of the side-information ( including the trivial case when there is no side-information ) , it is possible to have substantially better tradeoffs between delay and probability of error at all rates . This shows that there is a fundamental price of ignorance in terms of end-to-end delay when the encoder is not aware of the side information . This effect is not visible if only fixed-block-length codes are considered . In this way , side-information in source-coding plays a role analogous to that of feedback in channel coding . While the theorems in this paper are asymptotic in terms of long delays and low probabilities of error , an example is used to show that the qualitative effects described here are significant even at short and moderate delays .
