0710.0672	cs.NE	Optimization of supply diversity for the self-assembly of simple objects in two and three dimensions	The field of algorithmic self-assembly is concerned with the design and analysis of self-assembly systems from a computational perspective , that is , from the perspective of mathematical problems whose study may give insight into the natural processes through which elementary objects self-assemble into more complex ones . One of the main problems of algorithmic self-assembly is the minimum tile set problem ( MTSP ) , which asks for a collection of types of elementary objects ( called tiles ) to be found for the self-assembly of an object having a pre-established shape . Such a collection is to be as concise as possible , thus minimizing supply diversity , while satisfying a set of stringent constraints having to do with the termination and other properties of the self-assembly process from its tile types . We present a study of what we think is the first practical approach to MTSP . Our study starts with the introduction of an evolutionary heuristic to tackle MTSP and includes results from extensive experimentation with the heuristic on the self-assembly of simple objects in two and three dimensions . The heuristic we introduce combines classic elements from the field of evolutionary computation with a problem-specific variant of Pareto dominance into a multi-objective approach to MTSP .
0710.0736	cs.CV cs.NA	Colour image segmentation by the vector-valued Allen-Cahn phase-field model : a multigrid solution	We propose a new method for the numerical solution of a PDE-driven model for colour image segmentation and give numerical examples of the results . The method combines the vector-valued Allen-Cahn phase field equation with initial data fitting terms . This method is known to be closely related to the Mumford-Shah problem and the level set segmentation by Chan and Vese . Our numerical solution is performed using a multigrid splitting of a finite element space , thereby producing an efficient and robust method for the segmentation of large images .
0710.0748	cs.DM cs.CC	A Fast Heuristic Algorithm Based on Verification and Elimination Methods for Maximum Clique Problem	A clique in an undirected graph G= ( V , E ) is a subset V ' V of vertices , each pair of which is connected by an edge in E. The clique problem is an optimization problem of finding a clique of maximum size in graph . The clique problem is NP-Complete . We have succeeded in developing a fast algorithm for maximum clique problem by employing the method of verification and elimination . For a graph of size N there are 2N sub graphs , which may be cliques and hence verifying all of them , will take a long time . Idea is to eliminate a major number of sub graphs , which can not be cliques and verifying only the remaining sub graphs . This heuristic algorithm runs in polynomial time and executes successfully for several examples when applied to random graphs and DIMACS benchmark graphs .
0710.0789	cs.PF cs.NI	Wireless Local Area Networks with Multiple-Packet Reception Capability	Thanks to its simplicity and cost efficiency , wireless local area network ( WLAN ) enjoys unique advantages in providing high-speed and low-cost wireless services in hot spots and indoor environments . Traditional WLAN medium-access-control ( MAC ) protocols assume that only one station can transmit at a time : simultaneous transmissions of more than one station causes the destruction of all packets involved . By exploiting recent advances in PHY-layer multiuser detection ( MUD ) techniques , it is possible for a receiver to receive multiple packets simultaneously . This paper argues that such multipacket reception ( MPR ) capability can greatly enhance the capacity of future WLANs . In addition , it provides the MAC-layer and PHY-layer designs needed to achieve the improved capacity . First , to demonstrate MUD/MPR as a powerful capacity-enhancement technique , we prove a `` super-linearity '' result , which states that the system throughput per unit cost increases as the MPR capability increases . Second , we show that the commonly deployed binary exponential backoff ( BEB ) algorithm in today 's WLAN MAC may not be optimal in an MPR system , and that the optimal backoff factor increases with the MPR capability : the number of packets that can be received simultaneously . Third , based on the above insights , we design a joint MAC-PHY layer protocol for an IEEE 802.11-like WLAN that incorporates advanced PHY-layer blind detection and MUD techniques to implement MPR
0710.0805	cs.CC	On the Satisfiability Threshold and Clustering of Solutions of Random 3-SAT Formulas	We study the structure of satisfying assignments of a random 3-SAT formula . In particular , we show that a random formula of density 4.453 or higher almost surely has no non-trivial `` core '' assignments . Core assignments are certain partial assignments that can be extended to satisfying assignments , and have been studied recently in connection with the Survey Propagation heuristic for random SAT . Their existence implies the presence of clusters of solutions , and they have been shown to exist with high probability below the satisfiability threshold for k-SAT with k > 8 , by Achlioptas and Ricci-Tersenghi , STOC 2006 . Our result implies that either this does not hold for 3-SAT or the threshold density for satisfiability in 3-SAT lies below 4.453 . The main technical tool that we use is a novel simple application of the first moment method .
0710.0811	cs.CG	Band Unfoldings and Prismatoids : A Counterexample	This note shows that the hope expressed in [ ADL+07 ] -- that the new algorithm for edge-unfolding any polyhedral band without overlap might lead to an algorithm for unfolding any prismatoid without overlap -- can not be realized . A prismatoid is constructed whose sides constitute a nested polyhedral band , with the property that every placement of the prismatoid top face overlaps with the band unfolding .
0710.0824	cs.LO cs.PL	Two algorithms in search of a type system	The authors ' ATR programming formalism is a version of call-by-value PCF under a complexity-theoretically motivated type system . ATR programs run in type-2 polynomial-time and all standard type-2 basic feasible functionals are ATR-definable ( ATR types are confined to levels 0 , 1 , and 2 ) . A limitation of the original version of ATR is that the only directly expressible recursions are tail-recursions . Here we extend ATR so that a broad range of affine recursions are directly expressible . In particular , the revised ATR can fairly naturally express the classic insertion- and selection-sort algorithms , thus overcoming a sticking point of most prior implicit-complexity-based formalisms . The paper 's main work is in refining the original time-complexity semantics for ATR to show that these new recursion schemes do not lead out of the realm of feasibility .
0710.0842	cs.HC	Syst\`emes interactifs sensibles aux \'emotions : architecture logicielle	We propose a software architecture for interactive systems which allows integrating the user 's emotion . Emotion can be involved in interaction at several levels . In our application case - ballet dance - emotions is explicitely manipulated by the interactive system to produce emotion-wise output . Our architecture model to develop emotion-wise applications is based on the PAC-Amodeus model . We add a branch to this model , divided into three components : Data capture , analysis and cue extraction , and finally interpretation of those cues . We show the different data flows between this architecture 's components depending on the entry point of the emotion branch within the system . We then illustrate our model by describing our application case : capturing a ballet dancer 's movement to extract the emotions he expresses and use these emotions to generate graphical content that is displayed on stage .
0710.0847	cs.HC	Emotion capture based on body postures and movements	In this paper we present a preliminary study for designing interactive systems that are sensible to human emotions based on the body movements . To do so , we first review the literature on the various approaches for defining and characterizing human emotions . After justifying the adopted characterization space for emotions , we then focus on the movement characteristics that must be captured by the system for being able to recognize the human emotions .
0710.0859	cs.HC	Assistance orale \`a la recherche visuelle - \'etude exp\'erimentale de l'apport d'indications spatiales \`a la d\'etection de cibles	This paper describes an experimental study that aims at assessing the actual contribution of voice system messages to visual search efficiency and comfort . Messages which include spatial information on the target location are meant to support search for familiar targets in collections of photographs ( 30 per display ) . 24 participants carried out 240 visual search tasks in two conditions differing from each other in initial target presentation only . The isolated target was presented either simultaneously with an oral message ( multimodal presentation , MP ) , or without any message ( visual presentation , VP ) . Averaged target selection times were thrice longer and errors almost twice more frequent in the VP condition than in the MP condition . In addition , the contribution of spatial messages to visual search rapidity and accuracy was influenced by display layout and task difficulty . Most results are statistically significant . Besides , subjective judgments indicate that oral messages were well accepted .
0710.0865	cs.IT cs.CR math.IT	Secrecy Capacity of the Wiretap Channel with Noisy Feedback	In this work , the role of noisy feedback in enhancing the secrecy capacity of the wiretap channel is investigated . A model is considered in which the feed-forward and feedback signals share the same noisy channel . More specifically , a discrete memoryless modulo-additive channel with a full-duplex destination node is considered first , and it is shown that a judicious use of feedback increases the perfect secrecy capacity to the capacity of the source-destination channel in the absence of the wiretapper . In the achievability scheme , the feedback signal corresponds to a private key , known only to the destination . Then a half-duplex system is considered , for which a novel feedback technique that always achieves a positive perfect secrecy rate ( even when the source-wiretapper channel is less noisy than the source-destination channel ) is proposed . These results hinge on the modulo-additive property of the channel , which is exploited by the destination to perform encryption over the channel without revealing its key to the source .
0710.0871	cs.CY	Spreadsheets in Clinical Medicine	There is overwhelming evidence that the continued and widespread use of untested spreadsheets in business gives rise to regular , significant and unexpected financial losses . Whilst this is worrying , it is perhaps a relatively minor concern compared with the risks arising from the use of poorly constructed and/or untested spreadsheets in medicine , a practice that is already occurring . This article is intended as a warning that the use of poorly constructed and/or untested spreadsheets in clinical medicine can not be tolerated . It supports this warning by reporting on potentially serious weaknesses found while testing a limited number of publicly available clinical spreadsheets .
0710.0903	cs.RO	Control and Monitoring System for Modular Wireless Robot	We introduce our concept on the modular wireless robot consisting of three main modules : main unit , data acquisition and data processing modules . We have developed a generic prototype with an integrated control and monitoring system to enhance its flexibility , and to enable simple operation through a web-based interface accessible wirelessly . In present paper , we focus on the microcontroller based hardware to enable data acquisition and remote mechanical control .
