0708.1558	cs.IT math.IT	Construction of a 3-Dimensional MDS code	In this paper , we describe a procedure for constructing $ q $ -- ary $ [ N,3 , N-2 ] $ -- MDS codes , of length $ N\leq q+1 $ ( for $ q $ odd ) or $ N\leq q+2 $ ( for $ q $ even ) , using a set of non -- degenerate Hermitian forms in $ PG ( 2 , q^2 ) $ .
0708.1564	cs.CL	Learning Phonotactics Using ILP	This paper describes experiments on learning Dutch phonotactic rules using Inductive Logic Programming , a machine learning discipline based on inductive logical operators . Two different ways of approaching the problem are experimented with , and compared against each other as well as with related work on the task . The results show a direct correspondence between the quality and informedness of the background knowledge and the constructed theory , demonstrating the ability of ILP to take good advantage of the prior domain knowledge available . Further research is outlined .
0708.1579	cs.NI	Homogeneous temporal activity patterns in a large online communication space	The many-to-many social communication activity on the popular technology-news website Slashdot has been studied . We have concentrated on the dynamics of message production without considering semantic relations and have found regular temporal patterns in the reaction time of the community to a news-post as well as in single user behavior . The statistics of these activities follow log-normal distributions . Daily and weekly oscillatory cycles , which cause slight variations of this simple behavior , are identified . A superposition of two log-normal distributions can account for these variations . The findings are remarkable since the distribution of the number of comments per users , which is also analyzed , indicates a great amount of heterogeneity in the community . The reader may find surprising that only a few parameters allow a detailed description , or even prediction , of social many-to-many information exchange in this kind of popular public spaces .
0708.1580	cs.IT cond-mat.stat-mech cs.LG math.IT math.ST stat.TH	Optimal Causal Inference : Estimating Stored Information and Approximating Causal Architecture	We introduce an approach to inferring the causal architecture of stochastic dynamical systems that extends rate distortion theory to use causal shielding -- -a natural principle of learning . We study two distinct cases of causal inference : optimal causal filtering and optimal causal estimation . Filtering corresponds to the ideal case in which the probability distribution of measurement sequences is known , giving a principled method to approximate a system 's causal structure at a desired level of representation . We show that , in the limit in which a model complexity constraint is relaxed , filtering finds the exact causal architecture of a stochastic dynamical system , known as the causal-state partition . From this , one can estimate the amount of historical information the process stores . More generally , causal filtering finds a graded model-complexity hierarchy of approximations to the causal architecture . Abrupt changes in the hierarchy , as a function of approximation , capture distinct scales of structural organization . For nonideal cases with finite data , we show how the correct number of underlying causal states can be found by optimal causal estimation . A previously derived model complexity control term allows us to correct for the effect of statistical fluctuations in probability estimates and thereby avoid over-fitting .
