0707.2265	cs.IT math.IT math.OC	Separable convex optimization problems with linear ascending constraints	Separable convex optimization problems with linear ascending inequality and equality constraints are addressed in this paper . Under an ordering condition on the slopes of the functions at the origin , an algorithm that determines the optimum point in a finite number of steps is described . The optimum value is shown to be monotone with respect to a partial order on the constraint parameters . Moreover , the optimum value is convex with respect to these parameters . Examples motivated by optimizations for communication systems are used to illustrate the algorithm .
0707.2270	cs.RO	Design of a Spherical Wrist with Parallel Architecture : Application to Vertebrae of an Eel Robot	The design of a spherical wrist with parallel architecture is the object of this article . This study is part of a larger project , which aims to design and to build an eel robot for inspection of immersed piping . The kinematic analysis of the mechanism is presented first to characterize the singular configurations as well as the isotropic configurations . We add the design constraints related to the application , such as ( i ) the compactness of the mechanism , ( ii ) the symmetry of the elements in order to ensure static and dynamic balance and ( iii ) the possibility of the mechanism to fill the elliptic form of the ell sections .
0707.2275	cs.RO	Passive Control Architecture for Virtual Humans	In the present paper , we introduce a new control architecture aimed at driving virtual humans in interaction with virtual environments , by motion capture . It brings decoupling of functionalities , and also of stability thanks to passivity . We show projections can break passivity , and thus must be used carefully . Our control scheme enables task space and internal control , contact , and joint limits management . Thanks to passivity , it can be easily extended . Besides , we introduce a new tool as for manikin 's control , which makes it able to build passive projections , so as to guide the virtual manikin when sharp movements are needed .
0707.2291	cs.SE	An Integrated Crosscutting Concern Migration Strategy and its Application to JHotDraw	In this paper we propose a systematic strategy for migrating crosscutting concerns in existing object-oriented systems to aspect-based solutions . The proposed strategy consists of four steps : mining , exploration , documentation and refactoring of crosscutting concerns . We discuss in detail a new approach to aspect refactoring that is fully integrated with our strategy , and apply the whole strategy to an object-oriented system , namely the JHotDraw framework . The result of this migration is made available as an open-source project , which is the largest aspect refactoring available to date . We report on our experiences with conducting this case study and reflect on the success and challenges of the migration process , as well as on the feasibility of automatic aspect refactoring .
0707.2293	cs.NI cond-mat.stat-mech cs.CR physics.soc-ph	Worm Epidemics in Wireless Adhoc Networks	A dramatic increase in the number of computing devices with wireless communication capability has resulted in the emergence of a new class of computer worms which specifically target such devices . The most striking feature of these worms is that they do not require Internet connectivity for their propagation but can spread directly from device to device using a short-range radio communication technology , such as WiFi or Bluetooth . In this paper , we develop a new model for epidemic spreading of these worms and investigate their spreading in wireless ad hoc networks via extensive Monte Carlo simulations . Our studies show that the threshold behaviour and dynamics of worm epidemics in these networks are greatly affected by a combination of spatial and temporal correlations which characterize these networks , and are significantly different from the previously studied epidemics in the Internet .
0707.2295	cs.DM	Two polynomial algorithms for special maximum matching constructing in trees	For an arbitrary tree we investigate the problems of constructing a maximum matching which minimizes or maximizes the cardinality of a maximum matching of the graph obtained from original one by its removal and present corresponding polynomial algorithms .
0707.2347	cs.MS	Memory efficient scheduling of Strassen-Winograd 's matrix multiplication algorithm	We propose several new schedules for Strassen-Winograd 's matrix multiplication algorithm , they reduce the extra memory allocation requirements by three different means : by introducing a few pre-additions , by overwriting the input matrices , or by using a first recursive level of classical multiplication . In particular , we show two fully in-place schedules : one having the same number of operations , if the input matrices can be overwritten ; the other one , slightly increasing the constant of the leading term of the complexity , if the input matrices are read-only . Many of these schedules have been found by an implementation of an exhaustive search algorithm based on a pebble game .
