0709.2813	cs.IT math.IT	LDPC codes from Singer cycles	The main goal of coding theory is to devise efficient systems to exploit the full capacity of a communication channel , thus achieving an arbitrarily small error probability . Low Density Parity Check ( LDPC ) codes are a family of block codes -- characterised by admitting a sparse parity check matrix -- with good correction capabilities . In the present paper the orbits of subspaces of a finite projective space under the action of a Singer cycle are investigated .
0709.2831	cs.CG	Triangulating the Real Projective Plane	We consider the problem of computing a triangulation of the real projective plane P2 , given a finite point set S= { p1 , p2 , ... , pn } as input . We prove that a triangulation of P2 always exists if at least six points in S are in general position , i.e. , no three of them are collinear . We also design an algorithm for triangulating P2 if this necessary condition holds . As far as we know , this is the first computational result on the real projective plane .
0709.2833	cs.IT math.IT	Distributed Space Time Codes with Low Decoding Complexity for Asynchronous Relay Networks	Recently Li and Xia have proposed a transmission scheme for wireless relay networks based on the Alamouti space time code and orthogonal frequency division multiplexing to combat the effect of timing errors at the relay nodes . This transmission scheme is amazingly simple and achieves a diversity order of two for any number of relays . Motivated by its simplicity , this scheme is extended to a more general transmission scheme that can achieve full cooperative diversity for any number of relays . The conditions on the distributed space time code ( DSTC ) structure that admit its application in the proposed transmission scheme are identified and it is pointed out that the recently proposed full diversity four group decodable DSTCs from precoded co-ordinate interleaved orthogonal designs and extended Clifford algebras satisfy these conditions . It is then shown how differential encoding at the source can be combined with the proposed transmission scheme to arrive at a new transmission scheme that can achieve full cooperative diversity in asynchronous wireless relay networks with no channel information and also no timing error knowledge at the destination node . Finally , four group decodable distributed differential space time codes applicable in this new transmission scheme for power of two number of relays are also provided .
0709.2851	cs.IT math.IT	Joint power control and user scheduling in multicell wireless networks : Capacity scaling laws	We address the optimization of the sum rate performance in multicell interference-limited singlehop networks where access points are allowed to cooperate in terms of joint resource allocation . The resource allocation policies considered here combine power control and user scheduling . Although very promising from a conceptual point of view , the optimization of the sum of per-link rates hinges , in principle , on tough issues such as computational complexity and the requirement for heavy receiver-to-transmitter channel information feedback across all network cells . In this paper , we show that , in fact , distributed algorithms are actually obtainable in the asymptotic regime where the numbers of users per cell is allowed to grow large . Additionally , using extreme value theory , we provide scaling laws for upper and lower bounds for the network capacity ( sum of single user rates over all cells ) , corresponding to zero-interference and worst-case interference scenarios . We show that the scaling is either dominated by path loss statistics or by small-scale fading , depending on the regime and user location scenario . We show that upper and lower rate bounds behave in fact identically , asymptotically . This remarkable result suggests not only that distributed resource allocation is practically possible but also that the impact of multicell interference on the capacity ( in terms of scaling ) actually vanishes asymptotically .
