0710.5230	cs.IT math.IT	Generalized reliability-based syndrome decoding for LDPC codes	Aiming at bridging the gap between the maximum likelihood decoding ( MLD ) and the suboptimal iterative decodings for short or medium length LDPC codes , we present a generalized ordered statistic decoding ( OSD ) in the form of syndrome decoding , to cascade with the belief propagation ( BP ) or enhanced min-sum decoding . The OSD is invoked only when the decoding failures are obtained for the preceded iterative decoding method . With respect to the existing OSD which is based on the accumulated log-likelihood ratio ( LLR ) metric , we extend the accumulative metric to the situation where the BP decoding is in the probability domain . Moreover , after generalizing the accumulative metric to the context of the normalized or offset min-sum decoding , the OSD shows appealing tradeoff between performance and complexity . In the OSD implementation , when deciding the true error pattern among many candidates , an alternative proposed proves to be effective to reduce the number of real additions without performance loss . Simulation results demonstrate that the cascade connection of enhanced min-sum and OSD decodings outperforms the BP alone significantly , in terms of either performance or complexity .
0710.5235	cs.NI	Unsaturated Throughput Analysis of IEEE 802.11 in Presence of Non Ideal Transmission Channel and Capture Effects	In this paper , we provide a throughput analysis of the IEEE 802.11 protocol at the data link layer in non-saturated traffic conditions taking into account the impact of both transmission channel and capture effects in Rayleigh fading environment . The impact of both non-ideal channel and capture become important in terms of the actual observed throughput in typical network conditions whereby traffic is mainly unsaturated , especially in an environment of high interference . We extend the multi-dimensional Markovian state transition model characterizing the behavior at the MAC layer by including transmission states that account for packet transmission failures due to errors caused by propagation through the channel , along with a state characterizing the system when there are no packets to be transmitted in the buffer of a station . Finally , we derive a linear model of the throughput along with its interval of validity . Simulation results closely match the theoretical derivations confirming the effectiveness of the proposed model .
0710.5236	cs.NI	Saturation Throughput Analysis of IEEE 802.11 in Presence of Non Ideal Transmission Channel and Capture Effects	In this paper , we provide a saturation throughput analysis of the IEEE 802.11 protocol at the data link layer by including the impact of both transmission channel and capture effects in Rayleigh fading environment . Impacts of both non-ideal channel and capture effects , specially in an environment of high interference , become important in terms of the actual observed throughput . As far as the 4-way handshaking mechanism is concerned , we extend the multi-dimensional Markovian state transition model characterizing the behavior at the MAC layer by including transmission states that account for packet transmission failures due to errors caused by propagation through the channel . This way , any channel model characterizing the physical transmission medium can be accommodated , including AWGN and fading channels . We also extend the Markov model in order to consider the behavior of the contention window when employing the basic 2-way handshaking mechanism . Under the usual assumptions regarding the traffic generated per node and independence of packet collisions , we solve for the stationary probabilities of the Markov chain and develop expressions for the saturation throughput as a function of the number of terminals , packet sizes , raw channel error rates , capture probability , and other key system parameters . The theoretical derivations are then compared to simulation results confirming the effectiveness of the proposed models .
0710.5238	cs.NI	On The Linear Behaviour of the Throughput of IEEE 802.11 DCF in Non-Saturated Conditions	We propose a linear model of the throughput of the IEEE 802.11 Distributed Coordination Function ( DCF ) protocol at the data link layer in non-saturated traffic conditions . We show that the throughput is a linear function of the packet arrival rate ( PAR ) $ \lambda $ with a slope depending on both the number of contending stations and the average payload length . We also derive the interval of validity of the proposed model by showing the presence of a critical $ \lambda $ , above which the station begins operating in saturated traffic conditions . The analysis is based on the multi-dimensional Markovian state transition model proposed by Liaw \textit { et al . } with the aim of describing the behaviour of the MAC layer in unsaturated traffic conditions . Simulation results closely match the theoretical derivations , confirming the effectiveness of the proposed linear model .
0710.5241	cs.NI cs.DM cs.IT math.IT	Connection Between System Parameters and Localization Probability in Network of Randomly Distributed Nodes	This article deals with localization probability in a network of randomly distributed communication nodes contained in a bounded domain . A fraction of the nodes denoted as L-nodes are assumed to have localization information while the rest of the nodes denoted as NL nodes do not . The basic model assumes each node has a certain radio coverage within which it can make relative distance measurements . We model both the case radio coverage is fixed and the case radio coverage is determined by signal strength measurements in a Log-Normal Shadowing environment . We apply the probabilistic method to determine the probability of NL-node localization as a function of the coverage area to domain area ratio and the density of L-nodes . We establish analytical expressions for this probability and the transition thresholds with respect to key parameters whereby marked change in the probability behavior is observed . The theoretical results presented in the article are supported by simulations .
0710.5242	cs.NI	A Model of the IEEE 802.11 DCF in Presence of Non Ideal Transmission Channel and Capture Effects	In this paper , we provide a throughput analysis of the IEEE 802.11 protocol at the data link layer in non-saturated traffic conditions taking into account the impact of both transmission channel and capture effects in Rayleigh fading environment . Impacts of both non-ideal channel and capture become important in terms of the actual observed throughput in typical network conditions whereby traffic is mainly unsaturated , specially in an environment of high interference . We extend the multi-dimensional Markovian state transition model characterizing the behavior at the MAC layer by including transmission states that account for packet transmission failures due to errors caused by propagation through the channel , along with a state characterizing the system when there are no packets to be transmitted in the buffer of a station .
