0711.0528	cs.DC cs.CY	Web-based Interface in Public Cluster	A web-based interface dedicated for cluster computer which is publicly accessible for free is introduced . The interface plays an important role to enable secure public access , while providing user-friendly computational environment for end-users and easy maintainance for administrators as well . The whole architecture which integrates both aspects of hardware and software is briefly explained . It is argued that the public cluster is globally a unique approach , and could be a new kind of e-learning system especially for parallel programming communities .
0711.0538	cs.SE	Spreadsheet Engineering : A Research Framework	Spreadsheet engineering adapts the lessons of software engineering to spreadsheets , providing eight principles as a framework for organizing spreadsheet programming recommendations . Spreadsheets raise issues inadequately addressed by software engineering . Spreadsheets are a powerful modeling language , allowing strategic rapid model change , and enabling exploratory modeling . Spreadsheets users learn slowly with experience because they focus on the problem domain not programming . The heterogeneity of spreadsheet users requires a taxonomy to guide recommendations . Deployment of best practices is difficult and merits research .
0711.0557	cs.IT math.IT	Kerdock Codes for Limited Feedback Precoded MIMO Systems	A codebook based limited feedback strategy is a practical way to obtain partial channel state information at the transmitter in a precoded multiple-input multiple-output ( MIMO ) wireless system . Conventional codebook designs use Grassmannian packing , equiangular frames , vector quantization , or Fourier based constructions . While the capacity and error rate performance of conventional codebook constructions have been extensively investigated , constructing these codebooks is notoriously difficult relying on techniques such as nonlinear search or iterative algorithms . Further , the resulting codebooks may not have a systematic structure to facilitate storage of the codebook and low search complexity . In this paper , we propose a new systematic codebook design based on Kerdock codes and mutually unbiased bases . The proposed Kerdock codebook consists of multiple mutually unbiased unitary bases matrices with quaternary entries and the identity matrix . We propose to derive the beamforming and precoding codebooks from this base codebook , eliminating the requirement to store multiple codebooks . The propose structure requires little memory to store and , as we show , the quaternary structure facilitates codeword search . We derive the chordal distance for two antenna and four antenna codebooks , showing that the proposed codebooks compare favorably with prior designs . Monte Carlo simulations are used to compare achievable rates and error rates for different codebooks sizes .
