0709.4558	cs.OS cs.DC	Practical Multiwriter Lock-Free Queues for `` Hard Real-Time '' Systems without CAS	FIFO queues with a single reader and writer can be insufficient for `` hard real-time '' systems where interrupt handlers require wait-free guarantees when writing to message queues . We present an algorithm which elegantly and practically solves this problem on small processors that are often found in embedded systems . The algorithm does not require special CPU instructions ( such as atomic CAS ) , and therefore is more robust than many existing methods that suffer the ABA problem associated with swing pointers . The algorithm gives '' first-in , almost first-out '' guarantees under pathological interrupt conditions , which manifests as arbitrary `` shoving '' among nearly-simultaneous arrivals at the end of the queue .
0709.4565	cs.DM	Topological Dynamics of 2D Cellular Automata	Topological dynamics of cellular automata ( CA ) , inherited from classical dynamical systems theory , has been essentially studied in dimension 1 . This paper focuses on 2D CA and aims at showing that the situation is different and more complex . The main results are the existence of non sensitive CA without equicontinuous points , the non-recursivity of sensitivity constants and the existence of CA having only non-recursive equicontinuous points . They all show a difference between the 1D and the 2D case . Thanks to these new constructions , we also extend undecidability results concerning topological classification previously obtained in the 1D case .
0709.4655	cs.DB cs.AI	Mining for trees in a graph is NP-complete	Mining for trees in a graph is shown to be NP-complete .
0709.4669	cs.IR	The Extended Edit Distance Metric	Similarity search is an important problem in information retrieval . This similarity is based on a distance . Symbolic representation of time series has attracted many researchers recently , since it reduces the dimensionality of these high dimensional data objects . We propose a new distance metric that is applied to symbolic data objects and we test it on time series data bases in a classification task . We compare it to other distances that are well known in the literature for symbolic data objects . We also prove , mathematically , that our distance is metric .
0709.4671	cs.IT math.IT	Secrecy Capacity Region of a Multi-Antenna Gaussian Broadcast Channel with Confidential Messages	In wireless data networks , communication is particularly susceptible to eavesdropping due to its broadcast nature . Security and privacy systems have become critical for wireless providers and enterprise networks . This paper considers the problem of secret communication over the Gaussian broadcast channel , where a multi-antenna transmitter sends independent confidential messages to two users with information-theoretic secrecy . That is , each user would like to obtain its own confidential message in a reliable and safe manner . This communication model is referred to as the multi-antenna Gaussian broadcast channel with confidential messages ( MGBC-CM ) . Under this communication scenario , a secret dirty-paper coding scheme and the corresponding achievable secrecy rate region are first developed based on Gaussian codebooks . Next , a computable Sato-type outer bound on the secrecy capacity region is provided for the MGBC-CM . Furthermore , the Sato-type outer bound prove to be consistent with the boundary of the secret dirty-paper coding achievable rate region , and hence , the secrecy capacity region of the MGBC-CM is established . Finally , two numerical examples demonstrate that both users can achieve positive rates simultaneously under the information-theoretic secrecy requirement .
0710.0013	cs.AI	Lagrangian Relaxation for MAP Estimation in Graphical Models	We develop a general framework for MAP estimation in discrete and Gaussian graphical models using Lagrangian relaxation techniques . The key idea is to reformulate an intractable estimation problem as one defined on a more tractable graph , but subject to additional constraints . Relaxing these constraints gives a tractable dual problem , one defined by a thin graph , which is then optimized by an iterative procedure . When this iterative optimization leads to a consistent estimate , one which also satisfies the constraints , then it corresponds to an optimal MAP estimate of the original model . Otherwise there is a `` duality gap '' , and we obtain a bound on the optimal solution . Thus , our approach combines convex optimization with dynamic programming techniques applicable for thin graphs . The popular tree-reweighted max-product ( TRMP ) method may be seen as solving a particular class of such relaxations , where the intractable graph is relaxed to a set of spanning trees . We also consider relaxations to a set of small induced subgraphs , thin subgraphs ( e.g . loops ) , and a connected tree obtained by `` unwinding '' cycles . In addition , we propose a new class of multiscale relaxations that introduce `` summary '' variables . The potential benefits of such generalizations include : reducing or eliminating the `` duality gap '' in hard problems , reducing the number or Lagrange multipliers in the dual problem , and accelerating convergence of the iterative optimization procedure .
0710.0020	cs.NI	A Probability Model for Lifetime of Wireless Sensor Networks	Considering a wireless sensor network whose nodes are distributed randomly over a given area , a probability model for the network lifetime is provided . Using this model and assuming that packet generation follows a Poisson distribution , an analytical expression for the complementary cumulative density function ( ccdf ) of the lifetime is obtained . Using this ccdf , one can accurately find the probability that the network achieves a given lifetime . It is also shown that when the number of sensors , $ N $ , is large , with an error exponentially decaying with $ N $ , one can predict whether or not a certain lifetime can be achieved . The results of this work are obtained for both multi-hop and single-hop wireless sensor networks and are verified with computer simulation . The approaches of this paper are shown to be applicable to other packet generation models and the effect of the area shape is also investigated .
0710.0021	cs.CR math.GM	New families of cryptographic systems	A symmetric encryption method based on properties of quasicrystals is proposed . The advantages of the cipher are strict aperiodicity and everywhere discontinuous property as well as the speed of computation , simplicity of implementation and a straightforward possibility of extending the method to encryption of higher dimensional data .
