0706.3723	cs.LO	Order-Invariant MSO is Stronger than Counting MSO in the Finite	We compare the expressiveness of two extensions of monadic second-order logic ( MSO ) over the class of finite structures . The first , counting monadic second-order logic ( CMSO ) , extends MSO with first-order modulo-counting quantifiers , allowing the expression of queries like `` the number of elements in the structure is even '' . The second extension allows the use of an additional binary predicate , not contained in the signature of the queried structure , that must be interpreted as an arbitrary linear order on its universe , obtaining order-invariant MSO . While it is straightforward that every CMSO formula can be translated into an equivalent order-invariant MSO formula , the converse had not yet been settled . Courcelle showed that for restricted classes of structures both order-invariant MSO and CMSO are equally expressive , but conjectured that , in general , order-invariant MSO is stronger than CMSO . We affirm this conjecture by presenting a class of structures that is order-invariantly definable in MSO but not definable in CMSO .
0706.3753	cs.IT math.IT	Multiple Access Channels with Generalized Feedback and Confidential Messages	This paper considers the problem of secret communication over a multiple access channel with generalized feedback . Two trusted users send independent confidential messages to an intended receiver , in the presence of a passive eavesdropper . In this setting , an active cooperation between two trusted users is enabled through using channel feedback in order to improve the communication efficiency . Based on rate-splitting and decode-and-forward strategies , achievable secrecy rate regions are derived for both discrete memoryless and Gaussian channels . Results show that channel feedback improves the achievable secrecy rates .
0706.3812	cs.CR cs.OS	Java Components Vulnerabilities - An Experimental Classification Targeted at the OSGi Platform	The OSGi Platform finds a growing interest in two different applications domains : embedded systems , and applications servers . However , the security properties of this platform are hardly studied , which is likely to hinder its use in production systems . This is all the more important that the dynamic aspect of OSGi-based applications , that can be extended at runtime , make them vulnerable to malicious code injection . We therefore perform a systematic audit of the OSGi platform so as to build a vulnerability catalog that intends to reference OSGi Vulnerabilities originating in the Core Specification , and in behaviors related to the use of the Java language . Standard Services are not considered . To support this audit , a Semi-formal Vulnerability Pattern is defined , that enables to uniquely characterize fundamental properties for each vulnerability , to include verbose description in the pattern , to reference known security protections , and to track the implementation status of the proof-of-concept OSGi Bundles that exploit the vulnerability . Based on the analysis of the catalog , a robust OSGi Platform is built , and recommendations are made to enhance the OSGi Specifications .
0706.3834	cs.IT math.IT	Design of optimal convolutional codes for joint decoding of correlated sources in wireless sensor networks	We consider a wireless sensors network scenario where two nodes detect correlated sources and deliver them to a central collector via a wireless link . Differently from the Slepian-Wolf approach to distributed source coding , in the proposed scenario the sensing nodes do not perform any pre-compression of the sensed data . Original data are instead independently encoded by means of low-complexity convolutional codes . The decoder performs joint decoding with the aim of exploiting the inherent correlation between the transmitted sources . Complexity at the decoder is kept low thanks to the use of an iterative joint decoding scheme , where the output of each decoder is fed to the other decoder's input as a-priori information . For such scheme , we derive a novel analytical framework for evaluating an upper bound of joint-detection packet error probability and for deriving the optimum coding scheme . Experimental results confirm the validity of the analytical framework , and show that recursive codes allow a noticeable performance gain with respect to non-recursive coding schemes . Moreover , the proposed recursive coding scheme allows to approach the ideal Slepian-Wolf scheme performance in AWGN channel , and to clearly outperform it over fading channels on account of diversity gain due to correlation of information .
0706.3846	cs.IT math.IT	Opportunistic Scheduling and Beamforming for MIMO-SDMA Downlink Systems with Linear Combining	Opportunistic scheduling and beamforming schemes are proposed for multiuser MIMO-SDMA downlink systems with linear combining in this work . Signals received from all antennas of each mobile terminal ( MT ) are linearly combined to improve the { \em effective } signal-to-noise-interference ratios ( SINRs ) . By exploiting limited feedback on the effective SINRs , the base station ( BS ) schedules simultaneous data transmission on multiple beams to the MTs with the largest effective SINRs . Utilizing the extreme value theory , we derive the asymptotic system throughputs and scaling laws for the proposed scheduling and beamforming schemes with different linear combining techniques . Computer simulations confirm that the proposed schemes can substantially improve the system throughput .
0706.3848	cs.DM	Minimum Sum Edge Colorings of Multicycles	In the minimum sum edge coloring problem , we aim to assign natural numbers to edges of a graph , so that adjacent edges receive different numbers , and the sum of the numbers assigned to the edges is minimum . The { \em chromatic edge strength } of a graph is the minimum number of colors required in a minimum sum edge coloring of this graph . We study the case of multicycles , defined as cycles with parallel edges , and give a closed-form expression for the chromatic edge strength of a multicycle , thereby extending a theorem due to Berge . It is shown that the minimum sum can be achieved with a number of colors equal to the chromatic index . We also propose simple algorithms for finding a minimum sum edge coloring of a multicycle . Finally , these results are generalized to a large family of minimum cost coloring problems .
0706.3865	cs.DM	Bid Optimization for Internet Graphical Ad Auction Systems via Special Ordered Sets	This paper describes an optimization model for setting bid levels for certain types of advertisements on web pages . This model is non-convex , but we are able to obtain optimal or near-optimal solutions rapidly using branch and cut open-source software . The financial benefits obtained using the prototype system have been substantial .
