0707.1063	cs.IT math.IT	High-resolution distributed sampling of bandlimited fields with low-precision sensors	The problem of sampling a discrete-time sequence of spatially bandlimited fields with a bounded dynamic range , in a distributed , communication-constrained , processing environment is addressed . A central unit , having access to the data gathered by a dense network of fixed-precision sensors , operating under stringent inter-node communication constraints , is required to reconstruct the field snapshots to maximum accuracy . Both deterministic and stochastic field models are considered . For stochastic fields , results are established in the almost-sure sense . The feasibility of having a flexible tradeoff between the oversampling rate ( sensor density ) and the analog-to-digital converter ( ADC ) precision , while achieving an exponential accuracy in the number of bits per Nyquist-interval per snapshot is demonstrated . This exposes an underlying `` conservation of bits '' principle : the bit-budget per Nyquist-interval per snapshot ( the rate ) can be distributed along the amplitude axis ( sensor-precision ) and space ( sensor density ) in an almost arbitrary discrete-valued manner , while retaining the same ( exponential ) distortion-rate characteristics . Achievable information scaling laws for field reconstruction over a bounded region are also derived : With N one-bit sensors per Nyquist-interval , $ \Theta ( \log N ) $ Nyquist-intervals , and total network bitrate $ R_ { net } = \Theta ( ( \log N ) ^2 ) $ ( per-sensor bitrate $ \Theta ( ( \log N ) /N ) $ ) , the maximum pointwise distortion goes to zero as $ D = O ( ( \log N ) ^2/N ) $ or $ D = O ( R_ { net } 2^ { -\beta \sqrt { R_ { net } } } ) $ . This is shown to be possible with only nearest-neighbor communication , distributed coding , and appropriate interpolation algorithms . For a fixed , nonzero target distortion , the number of fixed-precision sensors and the network rate needed is always finite .
0707.1151	cs.AR	Logic , Design & Organization of PTVD-SHAM ; A Parallel Time Varying & Data Super-helical Access Memory	This paper encompasses a super helical memory system 's design , 'Boolean logic & image-logic ' as a theoretical concept of an invention-model to 'store time-data ' in terms of anticipating the best memory location ever for data/time . A waterfall effect is deemed to assist the process of potential-difference output-switch into diverse logic states in quantum dot computational methods via utilizing coiled carbon nanotubes ( CCNTs ) and carbon nanotube field effect transistors ( CNFETs ) . A 'quantum confinement ' is thus derived for a flow of particles in a categorized quantum well substrate with a normalized capacitance rectifying high B-field flux into electromagnetic induction . Multi-access of coherent sequences of 'qubit addressing ' is gained in any magnitude as pre-defined for the orientation of array displacement . Briefly , Gaussian curvature of k < 0 is debated in aim of specifying the 2D electron gas characteristics in scenarios where data is stored in short intervals versus long ones e.g . when k ' > ( k < 0 ) for greater CCNT diameters , space-time continuum is folded by chance for the particle . This benefits from Maxwell-Lorentz theory in Minkowski 's space-time viewpoint alike to crystal oscillators for precise data timing purposes and radar systems e.g. , time varying self-clocking devices in diverse geographic locations . This application could also be optional for data depository versus extraction , in the best supercomputer system 's locations , autonomously . For best performance in minimizing current limiting mechanisms including electromigration , a multilevel metallization and implant process forming elevated sources/drains for the circuit 's staircase pyramidal construction , is discussed accordingly .
0707.1176	cs.CC cs.DM	Expressing an NP-Complete Problem as the Solvability of a Polynomial Equation	We demonstrate a polynomial approach to express the decision version of the directed Hamiltonian Cycle Problem ( HCP ) , which is NP-Complete , as the Solvability of a Polynomial Equation with a constant number of variables , within a bounded real space . We first introduce four new Theorems for a set of periodic Functions with irrational periods , based on which we then use a trigonometric substitution , to show how the HCP can be expressed as the Solvability of a single polynomial Equation with a constant number of variables . The feasible solution of each of these variables is bounded within two real numbers . We point out what future work is necessary to prove that P=NP .
0707.1193	cs.RO	Singular curves and cusp points in the joint space of 3-RPR parallel manipulators	This paper investigates the singular curves in two-dimensional slices of the joint space of a family of planar parallel manipulators . It focuses on special points , referred to as cusp points , which may appear on these curves . Cusp points play an important role in the kinematic behavior of parallel manipulators since they make possible a nonsingular change of assembly mode . The purpose of this study is twofold . First , it reviews an important previous work , which , to the authors ' knowledge , has never been exploited yet . Second , it determines the cusp points in any two-dimensional slice of the joint space . First results show that the number of cusp points may vary from zero to eight . This work finds applications in both design and trajectory planning .
0707.1241	cs.IT math.IT	Graph-Based Decoding in the Presence of ISI	We propose an approximation of maximum-likelihood detection in ISI channels based on linear programming or message passing . We convert the detection problem into a binary decoding problem , which can be easily combined with LDPC decoding . We show that , for a certain class of channels and in the absence of coding , the proposed technique provides the exact ML solution without an exponential complexity in the size of channel memory , while for some other channels , this method has a non-diminishing probability of failure as SNR increases . Some analysis is provided for the error events of the proposed technique under linear programming .
0707.1266	cs.LO	Building Decision Procedures in the Calculus of Inductive Constructions	It is commonly agreed that the success of future proof assistants will rely on their ability to incorporate computations within deduction in order to mimic the mathematician when replacing the proof of a proposition P by the proof of an equivalent proposition P ' obtained from P thanks to possibly complex calculations . In this paper , we investigate a new version of the calculus of inductive constructions which incorporates arbitrary decision procedures into deduction via the conversion rule of the calculus . The novelty of the problem in the context of the calculus of inductive constructions lies in the fact that the computation mechanism varies along proof-checking : goals are sent to the decision procedure together with the set of user hypotheses available from the current context . Our main result shows that this extension of the calculus of constructions does not compromise its main properties : confluence , subject reduction , strong normalization and consistency are all preserved .
0707.1288	cs.DB	Espaces de repr\'esentation multidimensionnels d\'edi\'es \`a la visualisation	In decision-support systems , the visual component is important for On Line Analysis Processing ( OLAP ) . In this paper , we propose a new approach that faces the visualization problem due to data sparsity . We use the results of a Multiple Correspondence Analysis ( MCA ) to reduce the negative effect of sparsity by organizing differently data cube cells . Our approach does not reduce sparsity , however it tries to build relevant representation spaces where facts are efficiently gathered . In order to evaluate our approach , we propose an homogeneity criterion based on geometric neighborhood of cells . The obtained experimental results have shown the efficiency of our method .
0707.1304	cs.DB	Un index de jointure pour les entrep\^ots de donn\'ees XML	XML data warehouses form an interesting basis for decision-support applications that exploit heterogeneous data from multiple sources . However , XML-native database systems currently bear limited performances and it is necessary to research ways to optimize them . In this paper , we propose a new index that is specifically adapted to the multidimensional architecture of XML warehouses and eliminates join operations , while preserving the information contained in the original warehouse . A theoretical study and experimental results demonstrate the efficiency of our index , even when queries are complex .
0707.1306	cs.DB	S\'election simultan\'ee d'index et de vues mat\'erialis\'ees	Indices and materialized views are physical structures that accelerate data access in data warehouses . However , these data structures generate some maintenance overhead . They also share the same storage space . The existing studies about index and materialized view selection consider these structures separately . In this paper , we adopt the opposite stance and couple index and materialized view selection to take into account the interactions between them and achieve an efficient storage space sharing . We develop cost models that evaluate the respective benefit of indexing and view materialization . These cost models are then exploited by a greedy algorithm to select a relevant configuration of indices and materialized views . Experimental results show that our strategy performs better than the independent selection of indices and materialized views .
