0704.3496	cs.DS cs.CC	Polynomial algorithms for protein similarity search for restricted mRNA structures	In this paper we consider the problem of computing an mRNA sequence of maximal similarity for a given mRNA of secondary structure constraints , introduced by Backofen et al . in [ BNS02 ] denoted as the MRSO problem . The problem is known to be NP-complete for planar associated implied structure graphs of vertex degree at most 3 . In [ BFHV05 ] a first polynomial dynamic programming algorithms for MRSO on implied structure graphs with maximum vertex degree 3 of bounded cut-width is shown . We give a simple but more general polynomial dynamic programming solution for the MRSO problem for associated implied structure graphs of bounded clique-width . Our result implies that MRSO is polynomial for graphs of bounded tree-width , co-graphs , $ P_4 $ -sparse graphs , and distance hereditary graphs . Further we conclude that the problem of comparing two solutions for MRSO is hard for the class of problems which can be solved in polynomial time with a number of parallel queries to an oracle in NP .
0704.3500	cs.DB	Une plate-forme dynamique pour l'\'evaluation des performances des bases de donn\'ees \`a objets	In object-oriented or object-relational databases such as multimedia databases or most XML databases , access patterns are not static , i.e. , applications do not always access the same objects in the same order repeatedly . However , this has been the way these databases and associated optimisation techniques such as clustering have been evaluated up to now . This paper opens up research regarding this issue by proposing a dynamic object evaluation framework ( DOEF ) . DOEF accomplishes access pattern change by defining configurable styles of change . It is a preliminary prototype that has been designed to be open and fully extensible . Though originally designed for the object-oriented model , it can also be used within the object-relational model with few adaptations . Furthermore , new access pattern change models can be added too . To illustrate the capabilities of DOEF , we conducted two different sets of experiments . In the first set of experiments , we used DOEF to compare the performances of four state of the art dynamic clustering algorithms . The results show that DOEF is effective at determining the adaptability of each dynamic clustering algorithm to changes in access pattern . They also led us to conclude that dynamic clustering algorithms can cope with moderate levels of access pattern change , but that performance rapidly degrades to be worse than no clustering when vigorous styles of access pattern change are applied . In the second set of experiments , we used DOEF to compare the performance of two different object stores : Platypus and SHORE . The use of DOEF exposed the poor swapping performance of Platypus .
0704.3501	cs.DB	Conception d'un banc d'essais d\'ecisionnel	We present in this paper a new benchmark for evaluating the performances of data warehouses . Benchmarking is useful either to system users for comparing the performances of different systems , or to system engineers for testing the effect of various design choices . While the TPC ( Transaction Processing Performance Council ) standard benchmarks address the first point , they are not tuneable enough to address the second one . Our Data Warehouse Engineering Benchmark ( DWEB ) allows to generate various ad-hoc synthetic data warehouses and workloads . DWEB is fully parameterized . However , two levels of parameterization keep it easy to tune . Since DWEB mainly meets engineering benchmarking needs , it is complimentary to the TPC standard benchmarks , and not a competitor . Finally , DWEB is implemented as a Java free software that can be interfaced with most existing relational database management systems .
0704.3515	cs.AI	Comparing Robustness of Pairwise and Multiclass Neural-Network Systems for Face Recognition	Noise , corruptions and variations in face images can seriously hurt the performance of face recognition systems . To make such systems robust , multiclass neuralnetwork classifiers capable of learning from noisy data have been suggested . However on large face data sets such systems can not provide the robustness at a high level . In this paper we explore a pairwise neural-network system as an alternative approach to improving the robustness of face recognition . In our experiments this approach is shown to outperform the multiclass neural-network system in terms of the predictive accuracy on the face images corrupted by noise .
0704.3520	cs.DB	Vers l'auto-administration des entrep\^ots de donn\'ees	With the wide development of databases in general and data warehouses in particular , it is important to reduce the tasks that a database administrator must perform manually . The idea of using data mining techniques to extract useful knowledge for administration from the data themselves has existed for some years . However , little research has been achieved . The aim of this study is to search for a way of extracting useful knowledge from stored data to automatically apply performance optimization techniques , and more particularly indexing techniques . We have designed a tool that extracts frequent itemsets from a given workload to compute an index configuration that helps optimizing data access time . The experiments we performed showed that the index configurations generated by our tool allowed performance gains of 15 % to 25 % on a test database and a test data warehouse .
0704.3536	cs.IT math.IT	$ \delta $ -sequences and Evaluation Codes defined by Plane Valuations at Infinity	We introduce the concept of $ \delta $ -sequence . A $ \delta $ -sequence $ \Delta $ generates a well-ordered semigroup $ S $ in $ \mathbb { Z } ^2 $ or $ \mathbb { R } $ . We show how to construct ( and compute parameters ) for the dual code of any evaluation code associated with a weight function defined by $ \Delta $ from the polynomial ring in two indeterminates to a semigroup $ S $ as above . We prove that this is a simple procedure which can be understood by considering a particular class of valuations of function fields of surfaces , called plane valuations at infinity . We also give algorithms to construct an unlimited number of $ \delta $ -sequences of the different existing types , and so this paper provides the tools to know and use a new large set of codes .
0704.3588	cs.IT math.IT	On Energy Efficient Hierarchical Cross-Layer Design : Joint Power Control and Routing for Ad Hoc Networks	In this paper , a hierarchical cross-layer design approach is proposed to increase energy efficiency in ad hoc networks through joint adaptation of nodes ' transmitting powers and route selection . The design maintains the advantages of the classic OSI model , while accounting for the cross-coupling between layers , through information sharing . The proposed joint power control and routing algorithm is shown to increase significantly the overall energy efficiency of the network , at the expense of a moderate increase in complexity . Performance enhancement of the joint design using multiuser detection is also investigated , and it is shown that the use of multiuser detection can increase the capacity of the ad hoc network significantly for a given level of energy consumption .
0704.3591	cs.IT math.IT	Capacity of a Class of Modulo-Sum Relay Channels	This paper characterizes the capacity of a class of modulo additive noise relay channels , in which the relay observes a corrupted version of the noise and has a separate channel to the destination . The capacity is shown to be strictly below the cut-set bound in general and achievable using a quantize-and-forward strategy at the relay . This result confirms a conjecture by Ahlswede and Han about the capacity of channels with rate limited state information at the destination for this particular class of channels .
0704.3635	cs.CV cs.IR	Rough Sets Computations to Impute Missing Data	Many techniques for handling missing data have been proposed in the literature . Most of these techniques are overly complex . This paper explores an imputation technique based on rough set computations . In this paper , characteristic relations are introduced to describe incompletely specified decision tables.It is shown that the basic rough set idea of lower and upper approximations for incompletely specified decision tables may be defined in a variety of different ways . Empirical results obtained using real data are given and they provide a valuable and promising insight to the problem of missing data . Missing data were predicted with an accuracy of up to 99 % .
0704.3643	cs.HC	Sabbath Day Home Automation : `` It 's Like Mixing Technology and Religion ''	We present a qualitative study of 20 American Orthodox Jewish families ' use of home automation for religious purposes . These lead users offer insight into real-life , long-term experience with home automation technologies . We discuss how automation was seen by participants to contribute to spiritual experience and how participants oriented to the use of automation as a religious custom . We also discuss the relationship of home automation to family life . We draw design implications for the broader population , including surrender of control as a design resource , home technologies that support long-term goals and lifestyle choices , and respite from technology .
0704.3644	cs.IT math.IT	Capacity Gain from Two-Transmitter and Two-Receiver Cooperation	Capacity improvement from transmitter and receiver cooperation is investigated in a two-transmitter , two-receiver network with phase fading and full channel state information available at all terminals . The transmitters cooperate by first exchanging messages over an orthogonal transmitter cooperation channel , then encoding jointly with dirty paper coding . The receivers cooperate by using Wyner-Ziv compress-and-forward over an analogous orthogonal receiver cooperation channel . To account for the cost of cooperation , the allocation of network power and bandwidth among the data and cooperation channels is studied . It is shown that transmitter cooperation outperforms receiver cooperation and improves capacity over non-cooperative transmission under most operating conditions when the cooperation channel is strong . However , a weak cooperation channel limits the transmitter cooperation rate ; in this case receiver cooperation is more advantageous . Transmitter-and-receiver cooperation offers sizable additional capacity gain over transmitter-only cooperation at low SNR , whereas at high SNR transmitter cooperation alone captures most of the cooperative capacity improvement .
0704.3646	cs.GT cs.CR cs.DC	Lower Bounds on Implementing Robust and Resilient Mediators	We consider games that have ( k , t ) -robust equilibria when played with a mediator , where an equilibrium is ( k , t ) -robust if it tolerates deviations by coalitions of size up to k and deviations by up to $ t $ players with unknown utilities . We prove lower bounds that match upper bounds on the ability to implement such mediators using cheap talk ( that is , just allowing communication among the players ) . The bounds depend on ( a ) the relationship between k , t , and n , the total number of players in the system ; ( b ) whether players know the exact utilities of other players ; ( c ) whether there are broadcast channels or just point-to-point channels ; ( d ) whether cryptography is available ; and ( e ) whether the game has a $ k+t ) -punishment strategy ; that is , a strategy that , if used by all but at most $ k+t $ players , guarantees that every player gets a worse outcome than they do with the equilibrium strategy .
0704.3647	cs.DL cs.CY cs.HC	Evaluating Personal Archiving Strategies for Internet-based Information	Internet-based personal digital belongings present different vulnerabilities than locally stored materials . We use responses to a survey of people who have recovered lost websites , in combination with supplementary interviews , to paint a fuller picture of current curatorial strategies and practices . We examine the types of personal , topical , and commercial websites that respondents have lost and the reasons they have lost this potentially valuable material . We further explore what they have tried to recover and how the loss influences their subsequent practices . We found that curation of personal digital materials in online stores bears some striking similarities to the curation of similar materials stored locally in that study participants continue to archive personal assets by relying on a combination of benign neglect , sporadic backups , and unsystematic file replication . However , we have also identified issues specific to Internet-based material : how risk is spread by distributing the files among multiple servers and services ; the circular reasoning participants use when they discuss the safety of their digital assets ; and the types of online material that are particularly vulnerable to loss . The study reveals ways in which expectations of permanence and notification are violated and situations in which benign neglect has far greater consequences for the long-term fate of important digital assets .
0704.3653	cs.DL cs.CY cs.HC	The Long Term Fate of Our Digital Belongings : Toward a Service Model for Personal Archives	We conducted a preliminary field study to understand the current state of personal digital archiving in practice . Our aim is to design a service for the long-term storage , preservation , and access of digital belongings by examining how personal archiving needs intersect with existing and emerging archiving technologies , best practices , and policies . Our findings not only confirmed that experienced home computer users are creating , receiving , and finding an increasing number of digital belongings , but also that they have already lost irreplaceable digital artifacts such as photos , creative efforts , and records . Although participants reported strategies such as backup and file replication for digital safekeeping , they were seldom able to implement them consistently . Four central archiving themes emerged from the data : ( 1 ) people find it difficult to evaluate the worth of accumulated materials ; ( 2 ) personal storage is highly distributed both on- and offline ; ( 3 ) people are experiencing magnified curatorial problems associated with managing files in the aggregate , creating appropriate metadata , and migrating materials to maintainable formats ; and ( 4 ) facilities for long-term access are not supported by the current desktop metaphor . Four environmental factors further complicate archiving in consumer settings : the pervasive influence of malware ; consumer reliance on ad hoc IT providers ; an accretion of minor system and registry inconsistencies ; and strong consumer beliefs about the incorruptibility of digital forms , the reliability of digital technologies , and the social vulnerability of networked storage .
