0709.2070	q-fin.PR physics.soc-ph	Understanding the volatility smile of options markets through microsimulation	In this work , we aim to gain a better understanding of the volatility smile observed in options markets through microsimulation ( MS ) . We adopt two types of active traders in our MS model : speculators and arbitrageurs , and call and put options on one underlying asset . Speculators make decisions based on their expectations of the asset price at the option expiration time . Arbitrageurs trade at different arbitrage opportunities such as violation of put-call parity . Difference in liquidity among options is also included . Notwithstanding its simplicity , our model can generate implied volatility ( IV ) curves similar to empirical observations . Our results suggest that the volatility smile is related to the competing effect of heterogeneous trading behavior and the impact of differential liquidity .
0709.2083	q-fin.ST physics.soc-ph	Economic dynamics with financial fragility and mean-field interaction : a model	Following the statistical mechanics methodology , firstly introduced in macroeconomics by Aoki [ 1996,2002 ] , we provide some insights to the well known works of Greenwald and Stiglitz [ 1990 , 1993 ] . Specifically , we reach analytically a closed form solution of their models overcoming the aggregation problem . The key idea is to represent the economy as an evolving complex system , composed by heterogeneous interacting agents , that can partitioned into a space of macroscopic states . This meso level of aggregation permits to adopt mean field interaction modeling and master equation techniques .
0709.2178	q-fin.ST physics.soc-ph	Long Memory and Volatility Clustering : is the empirical evidence consistent across stock markets ?	Long memory and volatility clustering are two stylized facts frequently related to financial markets . Traditionally , these phenomena have been studied based on conditionally heteroscedastic models like ARCH , GARCH , IGARCH and FIGARCH , inter alia . One advantage of these models is their ability to capture nonlinear dynamics . Another interesting manner to study the volatility phenomena is by using measures based on the concept of entropy . In this paper we investigate the long memory and volatility clustering for the SP 500 , NASDAQ 100 and Stoxx 50 indexes in order to compare the US and European Markets . Additionally , we compare the results from conditionally heteroscedastic models with those from the entropy measures . In the latter , we examine Shannon entropy , Renyi entropy and Tsallis entropy . The results corroborate the previous evidence of nonlinear dynamics in the time series considered .
0709.2200	q-fin.ST physics.data-an	Statistical Investigation of Connected Structures of Stock Networks in Financial Time Series	In this study , we have investigated factors of determination which can affect the connected structure of a stock network . The representative index for topological properties of a stock network is the number of links with other stocks . We used the multi-factor model , extensively acknowledged in financial literature . In the multi-factor model , common factors act as independent variables while returns of individual stocks act as dependent variables . We calculated the coefficient of determination , which represents the measurement value of the degree in which dependent variables are explained by independent variables . Therefore , we investigated the relationship between the number of links in the stock network and the coefficient of determination in the multi-factor model . We used individual stocks traded on the market indices of Korea , Japan , Canada , Italy and the UK . The results are as follows . We found that the mean coefficient of determination of stocks with a large number of links have higher values than those with a small number of links with other stocks . These results suggest that common factors are significantly deterministic factors to be taken into account when making a stock network . Furthermore , stocks with a large number of links to other stocks can be more affected by common factors .
