0709.0159	q-fin.ST physics.soc-ph	An empirical behavioral model of liquidity and volatility	We develop a behavioral model for liquidity and volatility based on empirical regularities in trading order flow in the London Stock Exchange . This can be viewed as a very simple agent based model in which all components of the model are validated against real data . Our empirical studies of order flow uncover several interesting regularities in the way trading orders are placed and cancelled . The resulting simple model of order flow is used to simulate price formation under a continuous double auction , and the statistical properties of the resulting simulated sequence of prices are compared to those of real data . The model is constructed using one stock ( AZN ) and tested on 24 other stocks . For low volatility , small tick size stocks ( called Group I ) the predictions are very good , but for stocks outside Group I they are not good . For Group I , the model predicts the correct magnitude and functional form of the distribution of the volatility and the bid-ask spread , without adjusting any parameters based on prices . This suggests that at least for Group I stocks , the volatility and heavy tails of prices are related to market microstructure effects , and supports the hypothesis that , at least on short time scales , the large fluctuations of absolute returns are well described by a power law with an exponent that varies from stock to stock .
0709.0232	q-fin.RM math.PR	Valuations and dynamic convex risk measures	This paper approaches the definition and properties of dynamic convex risk measures through the notion of a family of concave valuation operators satisfying certain simple and credible axioms . Exploring these in the simplest context of a finite time set and finite sample space , we find natural risk-transfer and time-consistency properties for a firm seeking to spread its risk across a group of subsidiaries .
0709.0281	q-fin.ST cond-mat.stat-mech	Detrended Cross-Correlation Analysis : A New Method for Analyzing Two Non-stationary Time Series	Here we propose a method , based on detrended covariance which we call detrended cross-correlation analysis ( DXA ) , to investigate power-law cross-correlations between different simultaneously-recorded time series in the presence of non-stationarity . We illustrate the method by selected examples from physics , physiology , and finance .
