0709.0810	q-fin.ST physics.soc-ph	A Comparative Study of Stochastic Volatility Models	The correlated stochastic volatility models constitute a natural extension of the Black and Scholes-Merton framework : here the volatility is not a constant , but a stochastic process correlated with the price log-return one . At present , several stochastic volatility models are discussed in the literature , differing in the dynamics attached to the volatility . The aim of the present work is to compare the most recent results about three popular models : the Vasicek , Heston and exponential Ornstein-Uhlenbeck models . We analyzed for each of them the theoretical results known in the literature ( volatility and return distribution , higher-order moments and different-time correlations ) in order to test their predictive effectiveness on the outcomes of original numerical simulations , paying particular attention to their ability to reproduce empirical statistical properties of prices . The numerical results demonstrate that these models can be implemented maintaining all their features , especially in view of financial applications like market risk management or option pricing . In order to critically compare the models , we also perform an empirical analysis of financial time series from the Italian stock market , showing the exponential Ornstein-Uhlenbeck model 's ability to capture the stylized facts of volatility and log-return probability distributions .
0709.0838	q-fin.ST cond-mat.stat-mech	Modeling long-range cross-correlations in two-component ARFIMA and FIARCH processes	We investigate how simultaneously recorded long-range power-law correlated multi-variate signals cross-correlate . To this end we introduce a two-component ARFIMA stochastic process and a two-component FIARCH process to generate coupled fractal signals with long-range power-law correlations which are at the same time long-range cross-correlated . We study how the degree of cross-correlations between these signals depends on the scaling exponents characterizing the fractal correlations in each signal and on the coupling between the signals . Our findings have relevance when studying parallel outputs of multiple-component of physical , physiological and social systems .
