0708.4095	q-fin.PR math.PR	$ L^2 $ -approximating pricing under restricted information	We consider the mean-variance hedging problem under partial information in the case where the flow of observable events does not contain the full information on the underlying asset price process . We introduce a martingale equation of a new type and characterize the optimal strategy in terms of the solution of this equation . We give relations between this equation and backward stochastic differential equations for the value process of the problem .
0708.4178	q-fin.ST physics.soc-ph	Relationship between degree of efficiency and prediction in stock price changes	This study investigates empirically whether the degree of stock market efficiency is related to the prediction power of future price change using the indices of twenty seven stock markets . Efficiency refers to weak-form efficient market hypothesis ( EMH ) in terms of the information of past price changes . The prediction power corresponds to the hit-rate , which is the rate of the consistency between the direction of actual price change and that of predicted one , calculated by the nearest neighbor prediction method ( NN method ) using the out-of-sample . In this manuscript , the Hurst exponent and the approximate entropy ( ApEn ) are used as the quantitative measurements of the degree of efficiency . The relationship between the Hurst exponent , reflecting the various time correlation property , and the ApEn value , reflecting the randomness in the time series , shows negative correlation . However , the average prediction power on the direction of future price change has the strongly positive correlation with the Hurst exponent , and the negative correlation with the ApEn . Therefore , the market index with less market efficiency has higher prediction power for future price change than one with higher market efficiency when we analyze the market using the past price change pattern . Furthermore , we show that the Hurst exponent , a measurement of the long-term memory property , provides more significant information in terms of prediction of future price changes than the ApEn and the NN method .
