0709.1530	q-fin.ST physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Application of spectral methods for high-frequency financial data to quantifying states of market participants	Empirical analysis of the foreign exchange market is conducted based on methods to quantify similarities among multi-dimensional time series with spectral distances introduced in [ A.-H. Sato , Physica A , 382 ( 2007 ) 258 -- 270 ] . As a result it is found that the similarities among currency pairs fluctuate with the rotation of the earth , and that the similarities among best quotation rates are associated with those among quotation frequencies . Furthermore it is shown that the Jensen-Shannon spectral divergence is proportional to a mean of the Kullback-Leibler spectral distance both empirically and numerically . It is confirmed that these spectral distances are connected with distributions for behavioral parameters of the market participants from numerical simulation . This concludes that spectral distances of representative quantities of financial markets are related into diversification of behavioral parameters of the market participants .
0709.1536	q-fin.ST physics.data-an	Influence of deterministic trend on the estimated parameters of GARCH ( 1,1 ) model	The log returns of financial time series are usually modeled by means of the stationary GARCH ( 1,1 ) stochastic process or its generalizations which can not properly describe the nonstationary deterministic components of the original series . We analyze the influence of deterministic trends on the GARCH ( 1,1 ) parameters using Monte Carlo simulations . The statistical ensembles contain numerically generated time series composed by GARCH ( 1,1 ) noise superposed on deterministic trends . The GARCH ( 1,1 ) parameters characteristic for financial time series longer than one year are not affected by the detrending errors . We also show that if the ARCH coefficient is greater than the GARCH coefficient , then the estimated GARCH ( 1,1 ) parameters depend on the number of monotonic parts of the trend and on the ratio between the trend and the noise amplitudes .
0709.1543	q-fin.GN cond-mat.stat-mech nlin.AO physics.soc-ph	Kinetic Exchange Models for Income and Wealth Distributions	Increasingly , a huge amount of statistics have been gathered which clearly indicates that income and wealth distributions in various countries or societies follow a robust pattern , close to the Gibbs distribution of energy in an ideal gas in equilibrium . However , it also deviates in the low income and more significantly for the high income ranges . Application of physics models provides illuminating ideas and understanding , complementing the observations .
0709.1589	q-fin.PR math.PR	American Options under Proportional Transaction Costs : Pricing , Hedging and Stopping Algorithms for Long and Short Positions	American options are studied in a general discrete market in the presence of proportional transaction costs , modelled as bid-ask spreads . Pricing algorithms and constructions of hedging strategies , stopping times and martingale representations are presented for short ( seller 's ) and long ( buyer 's ) positions in an American option with an arbitrary payoff . This general approach extends the special cases considered in the literature concerned primarily with computing the prices of American puts under transaction costs by relaxing any restrictions on the form of the payoff , the magnitude of the transaction costs or the discrete market model itself . The largely unexplored case of pricing , hedging and stopping for the American option buyer under transaction costs is also covered . The pricing algorithms are computationally efficient , growing only polynomially with the number of time steps in a recombinant tree model . The stopping times realising the ask ( seller 's ) and bid ( buyer 's ) option prices can differ from one another . The former is generally a so-called mixed ( randomised ) stopping time , whereas the latter is always a pure ( ordinary ) stopping time .
0709.1725	q-fin.ST cond-mat.stat-mech physics.soc-ph	Volatility return intervals analysis of the Japanese market	We investigate scaling and memory effects in return intervals between price volatilities above a certain threshold $ q $ for the Japanese stock market using daily and intraday data sets . We find that the distribution of return intervals can be approximated by a scaling function that depends only on the ratio between the return interval $ \tau $ and its mean $ < \tau > $ . We also find memory effects such that a large ( or small ) return interval follows a large ( or small ) interval by investigating the conditional distribution and mean return interval . The results are similar to previous studies of other markets and indicate that similar statistical features appear in different financial markets . We also compare our results between the period before and after the big crash at the end of 1989 . We find that scaling and memory effects of the return intervals show similar features although the statistical properties of the returns are different .
