0706.1454	q-fin.GN physics.soc-ph	Heterogeneity and Increasing Returns May Drive Socio-Economic Transitions	There are clear benefits associated with a particular consumer choice for many current markets . For example , as we consider here , some products might carry environmental or `green ' benefits . Some consumers might value these benefits while others do not . However , as evidenced by myriad failed attempts of environmental products to maintain even a niche market , such benefits do not necessarily outweigh the extra purchasing cost . The question we pose is , how can such an initially economically-disadvantaged green product evolve to hold the greater share of the market ? We present a simple mathematical model for the dynamics of product competition in a heterogeneous consumer population . Our model preassigns a hierarchy to the products , which designates the consumer choice when prices are comparable , while prices are dynamically rescaled to reflect increasing returns to scale . Our approach allows us to model many scenarios of technology substitution and provides a method for generalizing market forces . With this model , we begin to forecast irreversible trends associated with consumer dynamics as well as policies that could be made to influence transitions
0706.1460	q-fin.ST physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Uncertainty in the Fluctuations of the Price of Stocks	We report on a study of the Tehran Price Index ( TEPIX ) from 2001 to 2006 as an emerging market that has been affected by several political crises during the recent years , and analyze the non-Gaussian probability density function ( PDF ) of the log returns of the stocks ' prices . We show that while the average of the index did not fall very much over the time period of the study , its day-to-day fluctuations strongly increased due to the crises . Using an approach based on multiplicative processes with a detrending procedure , we study the scale-dependence of the non-Gaussian PDFs , and show that the temporal dependence of their tails indicates a gradual and systematic increase in the probability of the appearance of large increments in the returns on approaching distinct critical time scales over which the TEPIX has exhibited maximum uncertainty .
