0712.2684	q-fin.GN cs.MA nlin.AO physics.soc-ph	An Economic Model of Coupled Exponential Maps	In this work , an ensemble of economic interacting agents is considered . The agents are arranged in a linear array where only local couplings are allowed . The deterministic dynamics of each agent is given by a map . This map is expressed by two factors . The first one is a linear term that models the expansion of the agent 's economy and that is controlled by the { \it growth capacity parameter } . The second one is an inhibition exponential term that is regulated by the { \it local environmental pressure } . Depending on the parameter setting , the system can display Pareto or Boltzmann-Gibbs behavior in the asymptotic dynamical regime . The regions of parameter space where the system exhibits one of these two statistical behaviors are delimited . Other properties of the system , such as the mean wealth , the standard deviation and the Gini coefficient , are also calculated .
0712.2687	q-fin.TR physics.soc-ph	The value of information in financial markets : An agent-based simulation	We present results on simulations of a stock market with heterogeneous , cumulative information setup . We find a non-monotonic behaviour of traders' returns as a function of their information level . Particularly , the average informed agents underperform random traders ; only the most informed agents are able to beat the market . We also study the effect of a strategy updating mechanism , when traders have the possibility of using other pieces of information than the fundamental value . These results corroborate the latter ones : it is only for the most informed player that it is rewarding to stay fundamentalist . The simulations reproduce some stylized facts of tick-by-tick stock-exchange data and globally show informational efficiency .
0712.2771	q-fin.PM physics.soc-ph	Analysis of Kelly-optimal portfolios	We investigate the use of Kelly 's strategy in the construction of an optimal portfolio of assets . For lognormally distributed asset returns , we derive approximate analytical results for the optimal investment fractions in various settings . We show that when mean returns and volatilities of the assets are small and there is no risk-free asset , the Kelly-optimal portfolio lies on Markowitz Efficient Frontier . Since in the investigated case the Kelly approach forbids short positions and borrowing , often only a small fraction of the available assets is included in the Kelly-optimal portfolio . This phenomenon , that we call condensation , is studied analytically in various model scenarios .
