0710.4010	q-fin.ST nlin.AO nlin.CG	A stochastic theory for temporal fluctuations in self-organized critical systems	A stochastic theory for the toppling activity in sandpile models is developed , based on a simple mean-field assumption about the toppling process . The theory describes the process as an anti-persistent Gaussian walk , where the diffusion coefficient is proportional to the activity . It is formulated as a generalization of the It\^ { o } stochastic differential equation with an anti-persistent fractional Gaussian noise source . An essential element of the theory is re-scaling to obtain a proper thermodynamic limit , and it captures all temporal features of the toppling process obtained by numerical simulation of the Bak-Tang-Wiesenfeld sandpile in this limit .
0710.4106	q-fin.RM math.PR	Cash Sub-additive Risk Measures and Interest Rate Ambiguity	A new class of risk measures called cash sub-additive risk measures is introduced to assess the risk of future financial , nonfinancial and insurance positions . The debated cash additive axiom is relaxed into the cash sub additive axiom to preserve the original difference between the numeraire of the current reserve amounts and future positions . Consequently , cash sub-additive risk measures can model stochastic and/or ambiguous interest rates or defaultable contingent claims . Practical examples are presented and in such contexts cash additive risk measures can not be used . Several representations of the cash sub-additive risk measures are provided . The new risk measures are characterized by penalty functions defined on a set of sub-linear probability measures and can be represented using penalty functions associated with cash additive risk measures defined on some extended spaces . The issue of the optimal risk transfer is studied in the new framework using inf-convolution techniques . Examples of dynamic cash sub-additive risk measures are provided via BSDEs where the generator can locally depend on the level of the cash sub-additive risk measure .
