0710.2758	q-fin.PR math.PR	The fundamental theorem of asset pricing under proportional transaction costs	We extend the fundamental theorem of asset pricing to a model where the risky stock is subject to proportional transaction costs in the form of bid-ask spreads and the bank account has different interest rates for borrowing and lending . We show that such a model is free of arbitrage if and only if one can embed in it a friction-free model that is itself free of arbitrage , in the sense that there exists an artificial friction-free price for the stock between its bid and ask prices and an artificial interest rate between the borrowing and lending interest rates such that , if one discounts this stock price by this interest rate , then the resulting process is a martingale under some non-degenerate probability measure . Restricting ourselves to the simple case of a finite number of time steps and a finite number of possible outcomes for the stock price , the proof follows by combining classical arguments based on finite-dimensional separation theorems with duality results from linear optimisation .
0710.2775	q-fin.PR math.PR	Dam Rain and Cumulative Gain	We consider a financial contract that delivers a single cash flow given by the terminal value of a cumulative gains process . The problem of modelling and pricing such an asset and associated derivatives is important , for example , in the determination of optimal insurance claims reserve policies , and in the pricing of reinsurance contracts . In the insurance setting , the aggregate claims play the role of the cumulative gains , and the terminal cash flow represents the totality of the claims payable for the given accounting period . A similar example arises when we consider the accumulation of losses in a credit portfolio , and value a contract that pays an amount equal to the totality of the losses over a given time interval . An explicit expression for the value process is obtained . The price of an Arrow-Debreu security on the cumulative gains process is determined , and is used to obtain a closed-form expression for the price of a European-style option on the value of the asset . The results obtained make use of various remarkable properties of the gamma bridge process , and are applicable to a wide variety of financial products based on cumulative gains processes such as aggregate claims , credit portfolio losses , defined-benefit pension schemes , emissions , and rainfall .
0710.2792	q-fin.PR math.PR	Market completion using options	Mathematical models for financial asset prices which include , for example , stochastic volatility or jumps are incomplete in that derivative securities are generally not replicable by trading in the underlying . In earlier work ( 2004 ) the first author provided a geometric condition under which trading in the underlying and a finite number of vanilla options completes the market . We complement this result in several ways . First , we show that the geometric condition is not necessary and a weaker , necessary and sufficient , condition is presented . While this condition is generally not directly verifiable , we show that it simplifies to matrix non-degeneracy in a single point when the pricing functions are real analytic functions . In particular , any stochastic volatility model is then completed with an arbitrary European type option . Further , we show that adding path-dependent options such as a variance swap to the set of primary assets , instead of plain vanilla options , also completes the market .
0710.2876	q-fin.GN math.PR	Information , Inflation , and Interest	We propose a class of discrete-time stochastic models for the pricing of inflation-linked assets . The paper begins with an axiomatic scheme for asset pricing and interest rate theory in a discrete-time setting . The first axiom introduces a `` risk-free '' asset , and the second axiom determines the intertemporal pricing relations that hold for dividend-paying assets . The nominal and real pricing kernels , in terms of which the price index can be expressed , are then modelled by introducing a Sidrauski-type utility function depending on ( a ) the aggregate rate of consumption , and ( b ) the aggregate rate of real liquidity benefit conferred by the money supply . Consumption and money supply policies are chosen such that the expected joint utility obtained over a specified time horizon is maximised subject to a budget constraint that takes into account the `` value '' of the liquidity benefit associated with the money supply . For any choice of the bivariate utility function , the resulting model determines a relation between the rate of consumption , the price level , and the money supply . The model also produces explicit expressions for the real and nominal pricing kernels , and hence establishes a basis for the valuation of inflation-linked securities .
