0710.0745	q-fin.GN stat.AP	Mixing Kohonen Algorithm , Markov Switching Model and Detection of Multiple Change-Points : An Application to Monetary History	The present paper aims at locating the breakings of the integration process of an international system observed during about 50 years in the 19th century . A historical study could link them to special events , which operated as exogenous shocks on this process . The indicator of integration used is the spread between the highest and the lowest among the London , Hamburg and Paris gold-silver prices . Three algorithms are combined to study this integration : a periodization obtained with the SOM algorithm is confronted to the estimation of a two-regime Markov switching model , in order to give an interpretation of the changes of regime ; in the same time change-points are identified over the whole period providing a more precise interpretation of the various types of regulation .
0710.0753	q-fin.PR math.PR	Modelling Bonds & Credit Default Swaps using a Structural Model with Contagion	This paper develops a two-dimensional structural framework for valuing credit default swaps and corporate bonds in the presence of default contagion . Modelling the values of related firms as correlated geometric Brownian motions with exponential default barriers , analytical formulae are obtained for both credit default swap spreads and corporate bond yields . The credit dependence structure is influenced by both a longer-term correlation structure as well as by the possibility of default contagion . In this way , the model is able to generate a diverse range of shapes for the term structure of credit spreads using realistic values for input parameters .
0710.0802	q-fin.ST cond-mat.stat-mech physics.data-an	The Student ensemble of correlation matrices : eigenvalue spectrum and Kullback-Leibler entropy	We study a new ensemble of random correlation matrices related to multivariate Student ( or more generally elliptic ) random variables . We establish the exact density of states of empirical correlation matrices that generalizes the Marcenko-Pastur result . The comparison between the theoretical density of states in the Student case and empirical financial data is surprisingly good , even if we are still able to detect systematic deviations . Finally , we compute explicitely the Kullback-Leibler entropies of empirical Student matrices , which are found to be independent of the true correlation matrix , as in the Gaussian case . We provide numerically exact values for these Kullback-Leibler entropies .
