0706.0462	q-fin.PR math.OC math.PR	Financial equilibria in the semimartingale setting : complete markets and markets with withdrawal constraints	Existence of stochastic financial equilibria giving rise to semimartingale asset prices is established under a general class of assumptions . These equilibria are expressed in real terms and span complete markets or markets with withdrawal constraints.We deal with random endowment density streams which admit jumps and general time-dependent utility functions on which only regularity conditions are imposed . As an integral part of the proof of the main result , we establish a novel characterization of semimartingale functions .
0706.0468	q-fin.PM math.PR q-fin.PR	On the semimartingale property via bounded logarithmic utility	This paper provides a new version of the condition of Di Nunno et al . ( 2003 ) , Ankirchner and Imkeller ( 2005 ) and Biagini and \ { O } ksendal ( 2005 ) ensuring the semimartingale property for a large class of continuous stochastic processes . Unlike our predecessors , we base our modeling framework on the concept of portfolio proportions which yields a short self-contained proof of the main theorem , as well as a counterexample , showing that analogues of our results do not hold in the discontinuous setting .
0706.0474	q-fin.PM math.OC math.PR	Stability of utility-maximization in incomplete markets	The effectiveness of utility-maximization techniques for portfolio management relies on our ability to estimate correctly the parameters of the dynamics of the underlying financial assets . In the setting of complete or incomplete financial markets , we investigate whether small perturbations of the market coefficient processes lead to small changes in the agent 's optimal behavior derived from the solution of the related utility-maximization problems . Specifically , we identify the topologies on the parameter process space and the solution space under which utility-maximization is a continuous operation , and we provide a counterexample showing that our results are best possible , in a certain sense . A novel result about the structure of the solution of the utility-maximization problem where prices are modeled by continuous semimartingales is established as an offshoot of the proof of our central theorem .
0706.0478	q-fin.PM math.OC math.PR	Optimal Investment with an Unbounded Random Endowment and Utility-Based Pricing	This paper studies the problem of maximizing the expected utility of terminal wealth for a financial agent with an unbounded random endowment , and with a utility function which supports both positive and negative wealth . We prove the existence of an optimal trading strategy within a class of permissible strategies -- those strategies whose wealth process is a supermartingale under all pricing measures with finite relative entropy . We give necessary and sufficient conditions for the absence of utility-based arbitrage , and for the existence of a solution to the primal problem . We consider two utility-based methods which can be used to price contingent claims . Firstly we investigate marginal utility-based price processes ( MUBPP 's ) . We show that such processes can be characterized as local martingales under the normalized optimal dual measure for the utility maximizing investor . Finally , we present some new results on utility indifference prices , including continuity properties and volume asymptotics for the case of a general utility function , unbounded endowment and unbounded contingent claims .
0706.0480	q-fin.PM math.OC math.PR	Maximizing the Growth Rate under Risk Constraints	We investigate the ergodic problem of growth-rate maximization under a class of risk constraints in the context of incomplete , It\^ { o } -process models of financial markets with random ergodic coefficients . Including { \em value-at-risk } ( VaR ) , { \em tail-value-at-risk } ( TVaR ) , and { \em limited expected loss } ( LEL ) , these constraints can be both wealth-dependent ( relative ) and wealth-independent ( absolute ) . The optimal policy is shown to exist in an appropriate admissibility class , and can be obtained explicitly by uniform , state-dependent scaling down of the unconstrained ( Merton ) optimal portfolio . This implies that the risk-constrained wealth-growth optimizer locally behaves like a CRRA-investor , with the relative risk-aversion coefficient depending on the current values of the market coefficients .
0706.0482	q-fin.PM math.OC math.PR	Stability of the utility maximization problem with random endowment in incomplete markets	We perform a stability analysis for the utility maximization problem in a general semimartingale model where both liquid and illiquid assets ( random endowments ) are present . Small misspecifications of preferences ( as modeled via expected utility ) , as well as views of the world or the market model ( as modeled via subjective probabilities ) are considered . Simple sufficient conditions are given for the problem to be well-posed , in the sense the optimal wealth and the marginal utility-based prices are continuous functionals of preferences and probabilistic views .
