0708.0544	q-fin.PR physics.soc-ph	Perpetual American options within CTRW 's	Continuous-time random walks are a well suited tool for the description of market behaviour at the smallest scale : the tick-to-tick evolution . We will apply this kind of market model to the valuation of perpetual American options : derivatives with no maturity that can be exercised at any time . Our approach leads to option prices that fulfil financial formulas when canonical assumptions on the dynamics governing the process are made , but it is still suitable for more exotic market conditions .
0708.0562	q-fin.ST physics.soc-ph	Group dynamics of the Japanese market	We investigated the network structures of the Japanese stock market through the minimum spanning tree . We defined grouping coefficient to test the validity of conventional grouping by industrial categories , and found a decreasing in trend for the coefficient . This phenomenon supports the increasing external influences on the market due to the globalization . To reduce this influence , we used S & P500 index as the international market and removed its correlation with every stock . We found stronger grouping in this measurement , compared to the original analysis , which agrees with our assumption that the international market influences to the Japanese market .
0708.0588	q-fin.PM math.OC math.PR	Investment and Consumption without Commitment	In this paper , we investigate the Merton portfolio management problem in the context of non-exponential discounting . This gives rise to time-inconsistency of the decision-maker . If the decision-maker at time t=0 can commit his/her successors , he/she can choose the policy that is optimal from his/her point of view , and constrain the others to abide by it , although they do not see it as optimal for them . If there is no commitment mechanism , one must seek a subgame-perfect equilibrium strategy between the successive decision-makers . In the line of the earlier work by Ekeland and Lazrak we give a precise definition of equilibrium strategies in the context of the portfolio management problem , with finite horizon , we characterize it by a system of partial differential equations , and we show existence in the case when the utility is CRRA and the terminal time T is small . We also investigate the infinite-horizon case and we give two different explicit solutions in the case when the utility is CRRA ( in contrast with the case of exponential discount , where there is only one ) . Some of our results are proved under the assumption that the discount function h ( t ) is a linear combination of two exponentials , or is the product of an exponential by a linear function .
