0710.1729	q-fin.GN physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	The Grounds For Time Dependent Market Potentials From Dealers ' Dynamics	We apply the potential force estimation method to artificial time series of market price produced by a deterministic dealer model . We find that dealers' feedback of linear prediction of market price based on the latest mean price changes plays the central role in the market 's potential force . When markets are dominated by dealers with positive feedback the resulting potential force is repulsive , while the effect of negative feedback enhances the attractive potential force .
0710.1855	q-fin.PM physics.soc-ph	Divergent estimation error in portfolio optimization and in linear regression	The problem of estimation error in portfolio optimization is discussed , in the limit where the portfolio size N and the sample size T go to infinity such that their ratio is fixed . The estimation error strongly depends on the ratio N/T and diverges for a critical value of this parameter . This divergence is the manifestation of an algorithmic phase transition , it is accompanied by a number of critical phenomena , and displays universality . As the structure of a large number of multidimensional regression and modelling problems is very similar to portfolio optimization , the scope of the above observations extends far beyond finance , and covers a large number of problems in operations research , machine learning , bioinformatics , medical science , economics , and technology .
0710.1893	q-fin.ST physics.soc-ph	Quasistatically varying log-normal distribution in the middle scale region of Japanese land prices	Employing data on the assessed value of land in 1974 -- 2007 Japan , we exhibit a quasistatically varying log-normal distribution in the middle scale region . In the derivation , a Non-Gibrat 's law under the detailed quasi-balance is adopted together with two approximations . The resultant distribution is power-law with the varying exponent in the large scale region and the quasistatic log-normal distribution with the varying standard deviation in the middle scale region . In the distribution , not only the change of the exponent but also the change of the standard deviation depends on the parameter of the detailed quasi-balance . These results are consistently confirmed by the empirical data .
0710.1909	q-fin.TR math.OC	In which Financial Markets do Mutual Fund Theorems hold true ?	The Mutual Fund Theorem ( MFT ) is considered in a general semimartingale financial market S with a finite time horizon T , where agents maximize expected utility of terminal wealth . It is established that : 1 ) Let N be the wealth process of the num\'eraire portfolio ( i.e . the optimal portfolio for the log utility ) . If any path-independent option with maturity T written on the num\'eraire portfolio can be replicated by trading \emph { only } in N , then the ( MFT ) holds true for general utility functions , and the num\'eraire portfolio may serve as mutual fund . This generalizes Merton's classical result on Black-Scholes markets . Conversely , under a supplementary weak completeness assumption , we show that the validity of the ( MFT ) for general utility functions implies the same replicability property for options on the num\'eraire portfolio described above . 2 ) If for a given class of utility functions ( i.e . investors ) the ( MFT ) holds true in all complete Brownian financial markets S , then all investors use the same utility function U , which must be of HARA type . This is a result in the spirit of the classical work by Cass and Stiglitz .
