0708.4347	q-fin.ST physics.soc-ph	World currency exchange rate cross-correlations	World currency network constitutes one of the most complex structures that is associated with the contemporary civilization . On a way towards quantifying its characteristics we study the cross correlations in changes of the daily foreign exchange rates within the basket of 60 currencies in the period December 1998 -- May 2005 . Such a dynamics turns out to predominantly involve one outstanding eigenvalue of the correlation matrix . The magnitude of this eigenvalue depends however crucially on which currency is used as a base currency for the remaining ones . Most prominent it looks from the perspective of a peripheral currency . This largest eigenvalue is seen to systematically decrease and thus the structure of correlations becomes more heterogeneous , when more significant currencies are used as reference . An extreme case in this later respect is the USD in the period considered . Besides providing further insight into subtle nature of complexity , these observations point to a formal procedure that in general can be used for practical purposes of measuring the relative currencies significance on various time horizons .
0708.4359	q-fin.GN physics.soc-ph	On the Topological Properties of the World Trade Web : A Weighted Network Analysis	This paper studies the topological properties of the World Trade Web ( WTW ) and its evolution over time by employing a weighted network analysis . We show that the WTW , viewed as a weighted network , displays statistical features that are very different from those obtained by using a traditional binary-network approach . In particular , we find that : ( i ) the majority of existing links are associated to weak trade relationships ; ( ii ) the weighted WTW is only weakly disassortative ; ( iii ) countries holding more intense trade relationships are more clustered .
0708.4376	q-fin.ST stat.AP stat.ME	Fast estimation of multivariate stochastic volatility	In this paper we develop a Bayesian procedure for estimating multivariate stochastic volatility ( MSV ) using state space models . A multiplicative model based on inverted Wishart and multivariate singular beta distributions is proposed for the evolution of the volatility , and a flexible sequential volatility updating is employed . Being computationally fast , the resulting estimation procedure is particularly suitable for on-line forecasting . Three performance measures are discussed in the context of model selection : the log-likelihood criterion , the mean of standardized one-step forecast errors , and sequential Bayes factors . Finally , the proposed methods are applied to a data set comprising eight exchange rates vis-a-vis the US dollar .
