0704.1976	q-fin.PR math.PR math.ST stat.TH	Information-Based Asset Pricing	A new framework for asset price dynamics is introduced in which the concept of noisy information about future cash flows is used to derive the price processes . In this framework an asset is defined by its cash-flow structure . Each cash flow is modelled by a random variable that can be expressed as a function of a collection of independent random variables called market factors . With each such `` X-factor '' we associate a market information process , the values of which are accessible to market agents . Each information process is a sum of two terms ; one contains true information about the value of the market factor ; the other represents `` noise '' . The noise term is modelled by an independent Brownian bridge . The market filtration is assumed to be that generated by the aggregate of the independent information processes . The price of an asset is given by the expectation of the discounted cash flows in the risk-neutral measure , conditional on the information provided by the market filtration . When the cash flows are the dividend payments associated with equities , an explicit model is obtained for the share-price , and the prices of options on dividend-paying assets are derived . Remarkably , the resulting formula for the price of a European call option is of the Black-Scholes-Merton type . The information-based framework also generates a natural explanation for the origin of stochastic volatility .
0704.2003	q-fin.ST physics.soc-ph	Scaling laws of strategic behaviour and size heterogeneity in agent dynamics	The dynamics of many socioeconomic systems is determined by the decision making process of agents . The decision process depends on agent's characteristics , such as preferences , risk aversion , behavioral biases , etc.. In addition , in some systems the size of agents can be highly heterogeneous leading to very different impacts of agents on the system dynamics . The large size of some agents poses challenging problems to agents who want to control their impact , either by forcing the system in a given direction or by hiding their intentionality . Here we consider the financial market as a model system , and we study empirically how agents strategically adjust the properties of large orders in order to meet their preference and minimize their impact . We quantify this strategic behavior by detecting scaling relations of allometric nature between the variables characterizing the trading activity of different institutions . We observe power law distributions in the investment time horizon , in the number of transactions needed to execute a large order and in the traded value exchanged by large institutions and we show that heterogeneity of agents is a key ingredient for the emergence of some aggregate properties characterizing this complex system .
