0704.0567	q-fin.PR math.PR	Yield Curve Shapes and the Asymptotic Short Rate Distribution in Affine One-Factor Models	We consider a model for interest rates , where the short rate is given by a time-homogenous , one-dimensional affine process in the sense of Duffie , Filipovic and Schachermayer . We show that in such a model yield curves can only be normal , inverse or humped ( i.e . endowed with a single local maximum ) . Each case can be characterized by simple conditions on the present short rate . We give conditions under which the short rate process will converge to a limit distribution and describe the limit distribution in terms of its cumulant generating function . We apply our results to the Vasicek model , the CIR model , a CIR model with added jumps and a model of Ornstein-Uhlenbeck type .
0704.0589	q-fin.GN physics.soc-ph q-fin.ST	Analysis of the real estate market in Las Vegas : Bubble , seasonal patterns , and prediction of the CSW indexes	We analyze 27 house price indexes of Las Vegas from Jun . 1983 to Mar . 2005 , corresponding to 27 different zip codes . These analyses confirm the existence of a real-estate bubble , defined as a price acceleration faster than exponential , which is found however to be confined to a rather limited time interval in the recent past from approximately 2003 to mid-2004 and has progressively transformed into a more normal growth rate comparable to pre-bubble levels in 2005 . There has been no bubble till 2002 except for a medium-sized surge in 1990 . In addition , we have identified a strong yearly periodicity which provides a good potential for fine-tuned prediction from month to month . A monthly monitoring using a model that we have developed could confirm , by testing the intra-year structure , if indeed the market has returned to `` normal '' or if more turbulence is expected ahead . We predict the evolution of the indexes one year ahead , which is validated with new data up to Sep. 2006 . The present analysis demonstrates the existence of very significant variations at the local scale , in the sense that the bubble in Las Vegas seems to have preceded the more global USA bubble and has ended approximately two years earlier ( mid 2004 for Las Vegas compared with mid-2006 for the whole of the USA ) .
