0712.3350	q-fin.TR physics.soc-ph q-fin.GN	Market Model with Heterogeneous Buyers	In market modeling , one often treats buyers as a homogeneous group . In this paper we consider buyers with heterogeneous preferences and products available in many variants . Such a framework allows us to successfully model various market phenomena . In particular , we investigate how is the vendor 's behavior influenced by the amount of available information and by the presence of correlations in the system .
0712.3363	q-fin.RM math.PR	Incorporating exchange rate risk into PDs and asset correlations	Intuitively , the default risk of a single borrower is higher when her or his assets and debt are denominated in different currencies . Additionally , the default dependence of borrowers with assets and debt in different currencies should be stronger than in the one-currency case . By combining well-known models by Merton ( 1974 ) , Garman and Kohlhagen ( 1983 ) , and Vasicek ( 2002 ) we develop simple representations of PDs and asset correlations that take into account exchange rate risk . From these results , consistency conditions can be derived that link the changes in PD and asset correlation and do not require knowledge of hard-to-estimate parameters like asset value volatility .
0712.3428	q-fin.TR math.PR	On Financial Markets Based on Telegraph Processes	The paper develops a new class of financial market models . These models are based on generalized telegraph processes : Markov random flows with alternating velocities and jumps occurring when the velocities are switching . While such markets may admit an arbitrage opportunity , the model under consideration is arbitrage-free and complete if directions of jumps in stock prices are in a certain correspondence with their velocity and interest rate behaviour . An analog of the Black-Scholes fundamental differential equation is derived , but , in contrast with the Black-Scholes model , this equation is hyperbolic . Explicit formulas for prices of European options are obtained using perfect and quantile hedging .
0712.3485	q-fin.PR math.PR	Smart expansion and fast calibration for jump diffusion	Using Malliavin calculus techniques , we derive an analytical formula for the price of European options , for any model including local volatility and Poisson jump process . We show that the accuracy of the formula depends on the smoothness of the payoff function . Our approach relies on an asymptotic expansion related to small diffusion and small jump frequency/size . Our formula has excellent accuracy ( the error on implied Black-Scholes volatilities for call option is smaller than 2 bp for various strikes and maturities ) . Additionally , model calibration becomes very rapid .
0712.3537	q-fin.ST math.PR q-fin.RM	Arbitrage free cointegrated models in gas and oil future markets	In this article we present a continuous time model for natural gas and crude oil future prices . Its main feature is the possibility to link both energies in the long term and in the short term . For each energy , the future returns are represented as the sum of volatility functions driven by motions . Under the risk neutral probability , the motions of both energies are correlated Brownian motions while under the historical probability , they are cointegrated by a Vectorial Error Correction Model . Our approach is equivalent to defining the market price of risk . This model is free of arbitrage : thus , it can be used for risk management as well for option pricing issues . Calibration on European market data and numerical simulations illustrate well its behavior .
0712.3611	q-fin.TR physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Effects of diversification among assets in an agent-based market model	We extend to the multi-asset case the framework of a discrete time model of a single asset financial market developed in Ghoulmie et al ( 2005 ) . In particular , we focus on adaptive agents with threshold behavior allocating their resources among two assets . We explore numerically the effect of this diversification as an additional source of complexity in the financial market and we discuss its destabilizing role . We also point out the relevance of these studies for financial decision making .
