0709.4093	q-fin.GN physics.soc-ph	A Brief History of Economics : An Outsider 's Account	A dangerously brief history of the developments of the main ideas in economics , as observed by a physicist , is given . This was published in 'Econophysics of Stock and Other Markets ' , Eds . A. Chatterjee , B. K. Chakrabarti , New Economic Windows Series , Springer , Milan , 2006 , pp~219-224 .
0709.4096	q-fin.GN physics.soc-ph	Quantum Auctions : Facts and Myths	Quantum game theory , whatever opinions may be held due to its abstract physical formalism , have already found various applications even outside the orthodox physics domain . In this paper we introduce the concept of a quantum auction , its advantages and drawbacks . Then we describe the models that have already been put forward . A general model involves Wigner formalism and infinite dimensional Hilbert spaces - we envisage that the implementation might not be an easy task . But a restricted model advocated by the Hewlett-Packard group seems to be much easier to implement . Simulations involving humans have already been performed . We will focus on problems related to combinatorial auctions and technical assumptions that are made . Quantum approach offers at least two important developments . Powerful quantum algorithms for finding solutions would extend the range of possible applications . Quantum strategies , being qubits , can be teleported but are immune from cloning - therefore extreme privacy of agent 's activity could in principle be guaranteed . Then we point out some key problem that have to be solved before commercial use would be possible . With present technology , optical networks , single photon sources and detectors seems to be sufficient for experimental realization in the near future . We conclude by describing potential customers , estimating the potential market size and possible timing .
0709.4242	q-fin.TR physics.comp-ph	Rational Expectations , psychology and inductive learning via moving thresholds	This work suggests modifications to a previously introduced class of heterogeneous agent models that allow for the inclusion of different types of agent motivations and behaviours in a unified way . The agents operate within a highly simplified environment where they are only able to be long or short one unit of the asset . The price of the asset is influenced by both an external information stream and the demand of the agents . The current strategy of each agent is defined by a pair of moving thresholds straddling the current price . When the price crosses either of the thresholds for a particular agent , that agent switches position and a new pair of thresholds is generated . Different kinds of threshold motion correspond to different sources of motivation , running the gamut from purely rational information-processing , through rational ( but often undesirable ) behaviour induced by perverse incentives and moral hazards , to purely psychological effects . As with the previous class of models , the fact that the simplest model of this kind precisely conforms to the Efficient Market Hypothesis allows causal relationships to be established between properties at the agent level and violations of EMH price statistics at the global level .
