0704.2115	q-fin.ST cond-mat.other physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Uncovering the Internal Structure of the Indian Financial Market : Cross-correlation behavior in the NSE	The cross-correlations between price fluctuations of 201 frequently traded stocks in the National Stock Exchange ( NSE ) of India are analyzed in this paper . We use daily closing prices for the period 1996-2006 , which coincides with the period of rapid transformation of the market following liberalization . The eigenvalue distribution of the cross-correlation matrix , $ \mathbf { C } $ , of NSE is found to be similar to that of developed markets , such as the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) : the majority of eigenvalues fall within the bounds expected for a random matrix constructed from mutually uncorrelated time series . Of the few largest eigenvalues that deviate from the bulk , the largest is identified with market-wide movements . The intermediate eigenvalues that occur between the largest and the bulk have been associated in NYSE with specific business sectors with strong intra-group interactions . However , in the Indian market , these deviating eigenvalues are comparatively very few and lie much closer to the bulk . We propose that this is because of the relative lack of distinct sector identity in the market , with the movement of stocks dominantly influenced by the overall market trend . This is shown by explicit construction of the interaction network in the market , first by generating the minimum spanning tree from the unfiltered correlation matrix , and later , using an improved method of generating the graph after filtering out the market mode and random effects from the data . Both methods show , compared to developed markets , the relative absence of clusters of co-moving stocks that belong to the same business sector . This is consistent with the general belief that emerging markets tend to be more correlated than developed markets .
0704.2244	q-fin.PM math.OC math.PR q-fin.RM	Proving Regularity of the Minimal Probability of Ruin via a Game of Stopping and Control	We reveal an interesting convex duality relationship between two problems : ( a ) minimizing the probability of lifetime ruin when the rate of consumption is stochastic and when the individual can invest in a Black-Scholes financial market ; ( b ) a controller-and-stopper problem , in which the controller controls the drift and volatility of a process in order to maximize a running reward based on that process , and the stopper chooses the time to stop the running reward and rewards the controller a final amount at that time . Our primary goal is to show that the minimal probability of ruin , whose stochastic representation does not have a classical form as does the utility maximization problem ( i.e. , the objective 's dependence on the initial values of the state variables is implicit ) , is the unique classical solution of its Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman ( HJB ) equation , which is a non-linear boundary-value problem . We establish our goal by exploiting the convex duality relationship between ( a ) and ( b ) .
