0709.4355	q-fin.GN physics.soc-ph	Agent Simulation of Chain Bankruptcy	We have conducted an agent-based simulation of chain bankruptcy . The propagation of credit risk on a network , i.e. , chain bankruptcy , is the key to nderstanding largesized bankruptcies . In our model , decrease of revenue by the loss of accounts payable is modeled by an interaction term , and bankruptcy is defined as a capital deficit . Model parameters were estimated using financial data for 1,077 listed Japanese firms . Simulations of chain bankruptcy on the real transaction network consisting of those 1,077 firms were made with the estimated model parameters . Given an initial bankrupt firm , a list of chain bankrupt firms was obtained . This model can be used to detect high-risk links in a transaction network , for the management of chain bankruptcy .
0709.4358	q-fin.PM physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Projective Market Model Approach to AHP Decision-Making	In this paper we describe market in projective geometry language and give definition of a matrix of market rate , which is related to the matrix rate of return and the matrix of judgements in the Analytic Hierarchy Process ( AHP ) . We use these observations to extend the AHP model to projective geometry formalism and generalise it to intransitive case . We give financial interpretations of such generalised model and propose its simplification . The unification of the AHP model and projective aspect of portfolio theory suggests a wide spectrum of new applications such extended model .
0709.4361	q-fin.ST physics.data-an	Interest rates mapping	The present study deals with the analysis and mapping of Swiss franc interest rates . Interest rates depend on time and maturity , defining term structure of the interest rate curves ( IRC ) . In the present study IRC are considered in a two-dimensional feature space - time and maturity . Geostatistical models and machine learning algorithms ( multilayer perceptron and Support Vector Machines ) were applied to produce interest rate maps . IR maps can be used for the visualisation and patterns perception purposes , to develop and to explore economical hypotheses , to produce dynamic asses-liability simulations and for the financial risk assessments . The feasibility of an application of interest rates mapping approach for the IRC forecasting is considered as well .
0709.4467	q-fin.PM math.NA math.OC math.PR	A Convex Stochastic Optimization Problem Arising from Portfolio Selection	A continuous-time financial portfolio selection model with expected utility maximization typically boils down to solving a ( static ) convex stochastic optimization problem in terms of the terminal wealth , with a budget constraint . In literature the latter is solved by assuming { \it a priori } that the problem is well-posed ( i.e. , the supremum value is finite ) and a Lagrange multiplier exists ( and as a consequence the optimal solution is attainable ) . In this paper it is first shown , via various counter-examples , neither of these two assumptions needs to hold , and an optimal solution does not necessarily exist . These anomalies in turn have important interpretations in and impacts on the portfolio selection modeling and solutions . Relations among the non-existence of the Lagrange multiplier , the ill-posedness of the problem , and the non-attainability of an optimal solution are then investigated . Finally , explicit and easily verifiable conditions are derived which lead to finding the unique optimal solution .
