0704.0664	q-fin.ST physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Stock market return distributions : from past to present	We show that recent stock market fluctuations are characterized by the cumulative distributions whose tails on short , minute time scales exhibit power scaling with the scaling index alpha > 3 and this index tends to increase quickly with decreasing sampling frequency . Our study is based on high-frequency recordings of the S & P500 , DAX and WIG20 indices over the interval May 2004 - May 2006 . Our findings suggest that dynamics of the contemporary market may differ from the one observed in the past . This effect indicates a constantly increasing efficiency of world markets .
0704.0745	q-fin.CP math.PR	Weak and Strong Taylor methods for numerical solutions of stochastic differential equations	We apply results of Malliavin-Thalmaier-Watanabe for strong and weak Taylor expansions of solutions of perturbed stochastic differential equations ( SDEs ) . In particular , we work out weight expressions for the Taylor coefficients of the expansion . The results are applied to LIBOR market models in order to deal with the typical stochastic drift and with stochastic volatility . In contrast to other accurate methods like numerical schemes for the full SDE , we obtain easily tractable expressions for accurate pricing . In particular , we present an easily tractable alternative to `` freezing the drift '' in LIBOR market models , which has an accuracy similar to the full numerical scheme . Numerical examples underline the results .
0704.0773	q-fin.ST cond-mat.other physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Collective behavior of stock price movements in an emerging market	To investigate the universality of the structure of interactions in different markets , we analyze the cross-correlation matrix C of stock price fluctuations in the National Stock Exchange ( NSE ) of India . We find that this emerging market exhibits strong correlations in the movement of stock prices compared to developed markets , such as the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) . This is shown to be due to the dominant influence of a common market mode on the stock prices . By comparison , interactions between related stocks , e.g. , those belonging to the same business sector , are much weaker . This lack of distinct sector identity in emerging markets is explicitly shown by reconstructing the network of mutually interacting stocks . Spectral analysis of C for NSE reveals that , the few largest eigenvalues deviate from the bulk of the spectrum predicted by random matrix theory , but they are far fewer in number compared to , e.g. , NYSE . We show this to be due to the relative weakness of intra-sector interactions between stocks , compared to the market mode , by modeling stock price dynamics with a two-factor model . Our results suggest that the emergence of an internal structure comprising multiple groups of strongly coupled components is a signature of market development .
