0712.2932	q-bio.PE	Uniqueness , intractability and exact algorithms : reflections on level-k phylogenetic networks	Phylogenetic networks provide a way to describe and visualize evolutionary histories that have undergone so-called reticulate evolutionary events such as recombination , hybridization or horizontal gene transfer . The level k of a network determines how non-treelike the evolution can be , with level-0 networks being trees . We study the problem of constructing level-k phylogenetic networks from triplets , i.e . phylogenetic trees for three leaves ( taxa ) . We give , for each k , a level-k network that is uniquely defined by its triplets . We demonstrate the applicability of this result by using it to prove that ( 1 ) for all k of at least one it is NP-hard to construct a level-k network consistent with all input triplets , and ( 2 ) for all k it is NP-hard to construct a level-k network consistent with a maximum number of input triplets , even when the input is dense . As a response to this intractability we give an exact algorithm for constructing level-1 networks consistent with a maximum number of input triplets .
0712.2981	q-bio.SC q-bio.BM	Oncoprotein metastasis disjoined	As the past decade barely dawned , a fundamentally novel view of cancer relating to signal transduction through intracellular hormones/growth factors and their subunits began to unfold . Further along , it gained additional substance with the advent of the interdisciplinary fields of particle biology and peptide strings which explain ( onco ) protein dynamics in spacetime , for instance insulin-driven sub- and trans-cellular carcinogenesis , by physical principles . Here , this new understanding is expanded to introduce the concept of `` oncoprotein metastasis '' preceding cancer cell spread and , thereby , a particular emphasis is placed on its potential role in the emergence of the pre-metastatic niche . Consistent with this perception , yet unlike currently advocated treatments that target cancer cells only , future antineoplastic strategies should aim to mimic natural tumor suppressors as well as involve both ( morphologically ) normal and malignant cells . If validated in human patients with advanced cancer disease , its otherwise frequently lethal course may be halted and reversed just in time .
0712.3020	q-bio.MN q-bio.BM q-bio.QM q-bio.SC	Operating Regimes of Signaling Cycles : Statics , Dynamics , and Noise Filtering	A ubiquitous building block of signaling pathways is a cycle of covalent modification ( e.g. , phosphorylation and dephosphorylation in MAPK cascades ) . Our paper explores the kind of information processing and filtering that can be accomplished by this simple biochemical circuit . Signaling cycles are particularly known for exhibiting a highly sigmoidal ( ultrasensitive ) input-output characteristic in a certain steady-state regime . Here we systematically study the cycle 's steady-state behavior and its response to time-varying stimuli . We demonstrate that the cycle can actually operate in four different regimes , each with its specific input-output characteristics . These results are obtained using the total quasi-steady-state approximation , which is more generally valid than the typically used Michaelis-Menten approximation for enzymatic reactions . We invoke experimental data that suggests the possibility of signaling cycles operating in one of the new regimes . We then consider the cycle 's dynamic behavior , which has so far been relatively neglected . We demonstrate that the intrinsic architecture of the cycles makes them act - in all four regimes - as tunable low-pass filters , filtering out high-frequency fluctuations or noise in signals and environmental cues . Moreover , the cutoff frequency can be adjusted by the cell . Numerical simulations show that our analytical results hold well even for noise of large amplitude . We suggest that noise filtering and tunability make signaling cycles versatile components of more elaborate cell signaling pathways .
0712.3042	q-bio.BM cond-mat.soft physics.bio-ph	Dynamic force spectroscopy on multiple bonds : experiments and model	We probe the dynamic strength of multiple biotin-streptavidin adhesion bonds under linear loading using the biomembrane force probe setup for dynamic force spectroscopy . Measured rupture force histograms are compared to results from a master equation model for the stochastic dynamics of bond rupture under load . This allows us to extract the distribution of the number of initially closed bonds . We also extract the molecular parameters of the adhesion bonds , in good agreement with earlier results from single bond experiments . Our analysis shows that the peaks in the measured histograms are not simple multiples of the single bond values , but follow from a superposition procedure which generates different peak positions .
