0711.3088	q-bio.PE	Quantifying the transmission potential of pandemic influenza	This article reviews quantitative methods to estimate the basic reproduction number of pandemic influenza , a key threshold quantity to help determine the intensity of interventions required to control the disease . Although it is difficult to assess the transmission potential of a probable future pandemic , historical epidemiologic data is readily available from previous pandemics , and as a reference quantity for future pandemic planning , mathematical and statistical analyses of historical data are crucial . In particular , because many historical records tend to document only the temporal distribution of cases or deaths ( i.e . epidemic curve ) , our review focuses on methods to maximize the utility of time-evolution data and to clarify the detailed mechanisms of the spread of influenza . First , we highlight structured epidemic models and their parameter estimation method which can quantify the detailed disease dynamics including those we can not observe directly . Duration-structured epidemic systems are subsequently presented , offering firm understanding of the definition of the basic and effective reproduction numbers . When the initial growth phase of an epidemic is investigated , the distribution of the generation time is key statistical information to appropriately estimate the transmission potential using the intrinsic growth rate . Applications of stochastic processes are also highlighted to estimate the transmission potential using the similar data . Critically important characteristics of influenza data are subsequently summarized , followed by our conclusions to suggest potential future methodological improvements .
0711.3249	q-bio.PE	The Effect of a Random Drift on Mixed and Pure Strategies in the Snowdrift Game	The replicator dynamics of players choosing either mixed or pure strategies are usually regarded as equivalent , as long as strategies are played with identical frequencies . In this paper we show that a population of pure strategists can be invaded by mixed strategists in any two-player game with equilibrium coexistence upon the addition of an arbitrarily small amount of noise in the replication process .
0711.3253	q-bio.PE	The Effect of Sensory Blind Zones on Milling Behavior in a Dynamic Self-Propelled Particle Model	Emergent pattern formation in self-propelled particle ( SPP ) systems is extensively studied because it addresses a range of swarming phenomena which occur without leadership . Here we present a dynamic SPP model in which a sensory blind zone is introduced into each particle 's zone of interaction . Using numerical simulations we discovered that the degradation of milling patterns with increasing blind zone ranges undergoes two distinct transitions , including a new , spatially nonhomogeneous transition that involves cessation of particles ' motion caused by broken symmetries in their interaction fields . Our results also show the necessity of nearly complete panoramic sensory ability for milling behavior to emerge in dynamic SPP models , suggesting a possible relationship between collective behavior and sensory systems of biological organisms .
