0704.2964	q-bio.BM q-bio.QM	Fourier Analysis of Biological Evolution : Concept of Selection Moment	Secondary structure elements of many protein families exhibit differential conservation on their opposing faces . Amphipathic helices and beta-sheets by definition possess this property , and play crucial functional roles . This type of evolutionary trajectory of a protein family is usually critical to the functions of the protein family , as well as in creating functions within subfamilies . That is , differential conservation maintains properties of a protein structure related to its orientation , and that are important in packing , recognition , and catalysis . Here I define and formulate a new concept , called the selection moment , that detects this evolutionary process in protein sequences . A treatment of its various applications is detailed .
0704.3005	q-bio.NC cond-mat.dis-nn	A balanced memory network	A fundamental problem in neuroscience is understanding how working memory -- the ability to store information at intermediate timescales , like 10s of seconds -- is implemented in realistic neuronal networks . The most likely candidate mechanism is the attractor network , and a great deal of effort has gone toward investigating it theoretically . Yet , despite almost a quarter century of intense work , attractor networks are not fully understood . In particular , there are still two unanswered questions . First , how is it that attractor networks exhibit irregular firing , as is observed experimentally during working memory tasks ? And second , how many memories can be stored under biologically realistic conditions ? Here we answer both questions by studying an attractor neural network in which inhibition and excitation balance each other . Using mean field analysis , we derive a three-variable description of attractor networks . From this description it follows that irregular firing can exist only if the number of neurons involved in a memory is large . The same mean field analysis also shows that the number of memories that can be stored in a network scales with the number of excitatory connections , a result that has been suggested for simple models but never shown for realistic ones . Both of these predictions are verified using simulations with large networks of spiking neurons .
0704.3049	q-bio.QM	Extracting falsifiable predictions from sloppy models	Successful predictions are among the most compelling validations of any model . Extracting falsifiable predictions from nonlinear multiparameter models is complicated by the fact that such models are commonly sloppy , possessing sensitivities to different parameter combinations that range over many decades . Here we discuss how sloppiness affects the sorts of data that best constrain model predictions , makes linear uncertainty approximations dangerous , and introduces computational difficulties in Monte-Carlo uncertainty analysis . We also present a useful test problem and suggest refinements to the standards by which models are communicated .
0704.3071	q-bio.QM	Converting genetic network oscillations into somite spatial pattern	In most vertebrate species , the body axis is generated by the formation of repeated transient structures called somites . This spatial periodicity in somitogenesis has been related to the temporally sustained oscillations in certain mRNAs and their associated gene products in the cells forming the presomatic mesoderm . The mechanism underlying these oscillations have been identified as due to the delays involved in the synthesis of mRNA and translation into protein molecules [ J. Lewis , Current Biol . { \bf 13 } , 1398 ( 2003 ) ] . In addition , in the zebrafish embryo intercellular Notch signalling couples these oscillators and a longitudinal positional information signal in the form of an Fgf8 gradient exists that could be used to transform these coupled temporal oscillations into the observed spatial periodicity of somites . Here we consider a simple model based on this known biology and study its consequences for somitogenesis . Comparison is made with the known properties of somite formation in the zebrafish embryo . We also study the effects of localized Fgf8 perturbations on somite patterning .
