0706.0406	q-bio.PE cond-mat.stat-mech	Evolutionary dynamics of the most populated genotype on rugged fitness landscapes	We consider an asexual population evolving on rugged fitness landscapes which are defined on the multi-dimensional genotypic space and have many local optima . We track the most populated genotype as it changes when the population jumps from a fitness peak to a better one during the process of adaptation . This is done using the dynamics of the shell model which is a simplified version of the quasispecies model for infinite populations and standard Wright-Fisher dynamics for large finite populations . We show that the population fraction of a genotype obtained within the quasispecies model and the shell model match for fit genotypes and at short times , but the dynamics of the two models are identical for questions related to the most populated genotype . We calculate exactly several properties of the jumps in infinite populations some of which were obtained numerically in previous works . We also present our preliminary simulation results for finite populations . In particular , we measure the jump distribution in time and find that it decays as $ t^ { -2 } $ as in the quasispecies problem .
0706.0418	q-bio.PE	Immune System -- Tumor Efficiency Rate as a new Oncological Index for Radiotherapy Treatment Optimization	A dynamical system model for tumor -- immune system interaction together with a method to mimic radiation therapy are proposed . A large population of virtual patients is simulated following an ideal radiation treatment . A characteristic parameter , the Immune System -- Tumor Efficiency Rate ( ISTER ) , is introduced . ISTER dependence of treatment success and other features is studied . Statistical results allow us to give a patient classification scheme . Radiotherapy treatment biological effective dose ( BED ) is thus optimized based on the patient physical condition , following the ALARA ( As Low As Reasonably Achievable ) criterion .
