0705.4062	q-bio.BM q-bio.PE	The Hypercube of Life : How Protein Stability Imposes Limits on Organism Complexity and Speed of Molecular Evolution	Classical population genetics a priori assigns fitness to alleles without considering molecular or functional properties of proteins that these alleles encode . Here we study population dynamics in a model where fitness can be inferred from physical properties of proteins under a physiological assumption that loss of stability of any protein encoded by an essential gene confers a lethal phenotype . Accumulation of mutations in organisms containing Gamma genes can then be represented as diffusion within the Gamma dimensional hypercube with adsorbing boundaries which are determined , in each dimension , by loss of a protein stability and , at higher stability , by lack of protein sequences . Solving the diffusion equation whose parameters are derived from the data on point mutations in proteins , we determine a universal distribution of protein stabilities , in agreement with existing data . The theory provides a fundamental relation between mutation rate , maximal genome size and thermodynamic response of proteins to point mutations . It establishes a universal speed limit on rate of molecular evolution by predicting that populations go extinct ( via lethal mutagenesis ) when mutation rate exceeds approximately 6 mutations per essential part of genome per replication for mesophilic organisms and 1 to 2 mutations per genome per replication for thermophilic ones . Further , our results suggest that in absence of error correction , modern RNA viruses and primordial genomes must necessarily be very short . Several RNA viruses function close to the evolutionary speed limit while error correction mechanisms used by DNA viruses and non-mutant strains of bacteria featuring various genome lengths and mutation rates have brought these organisms universally about 1000 fold below the natural speed limit .
0705.4079	q-bio.PE q-bio.MN	Molecular Clock on a Neutral Network	The number of fixed mutations accumulated in an evolving population often displays a variance that is significantly larger than the mean ( the overdispersed molecular clock ) . By examining a generic evolutionary process on a neutral network of high-fitness genotypes , we establish a formalism for computing all cumulants of the full probability distribution of accumulated mutations in terms of graph properties of the neutral network , and use the formalism to prove overdispersion of the molecular clock . We further show that significant overdispersion arises naturally in evolution when the neutral network is highly sparse , exhibits large global fluctuations in neutrality , and small local fluctuations in neutrality . The results are also relevant for elucidating the topological structure of a neutral network from empirical measurements of the substitution process .
0705.4084	q-bio.MN	Comment on `` Regularizing capacity of metabolic networks ''	In a recent paper , Marr , Muller-Linow and Hutt [ Phys . Rev . E 75 , 041917 ( 2007 ) ] investigate an artificial dynamic system on metabolic networks . They find a less complex time evolution of this dynamic system in real networks , compared to networks of reference models . The authors argue that this suggests that metabolic network structure is a major factor behind the stability of biochemical steady states . We reanalyze the same kind of data using a dynamic system modeling actual reaction kinetics . The conclusions about stability , from our analysis , are inconsistent with those of Marr et al . We argue that this issue calls for a more detailed type of modeling .
