0712.2654	q-bio.PE cond-mat.stat-mech physics.bio-ph	Extinction risk and structure of a food web model	We investigate in detail the model of a trophic web proposed by Amaral and Meyer [ Phys . Rev . Lett . 82 , 652 ( 1999 ) ] . We focused on small-size systems that are relevant for real biological food webs and for which the fluctuations are playing an important role . We show , using Monte Carlo simulations , that such webs can be non-viable , leading to extinction of all species in small and/or weakly coupled systems . Estimations of the extinction times and survival chances are also given . We show that before the extinction the fraction of highly-connected species ( `` omnivores '' ) is increasing . Viable food webs exhibit a pyramidal structure , where the density of occupied niches is higher at lower trophic levels , and moreover the occupations of adjacent levels are closely correlated . We also demonstrate that the distribution of the lengths of food chains has an exponential character and changes weakly with the parameters of the model . On the contrary , the distribution of avalanche sizes of the extinct species depends strongly on the connectedness of the web . For rather loosely connected systems we recover the power-law type of behavior with the same exponent as found in earlier studies , while for densely-connected webs the distribution is not of a power-law type .
0712.2758	q-bio.OT	Induction level determines signature of gene expression noise in cellular systems	Noise in gene expression , either due to inherent stochasticity or to varying inter- and intracellular environment , can generate significant cell-to-cell variability of protein levels in clonal populations . We present a theoretical framework , based on stochastic processes , to quantify the different sources of gene expression noise taking cell division explicitly into account . Analytical , time-dependent solutions for the noise contributions arising from the major steps involved in protein synthesis are derived . The analysis shows that the induction level of the activator or transcription factor is crucial for the characteristic signature of the dominant source of gene expression noise and thus bridges the gap between seemingly contradictory experimental results . Furthermore , on the basis of experimentally measured cell distributions , our simulations suggest that transcription factor binding and promoter activation can be modelled independently of each other with sufficient accuracy .
0712.2854	q-bio.NC	Perception and recognition in a neural network theory in which neurons exhibit hysteresis	A neural network theory of visual perception and recognition is presented . Information flows both from the retina to the brain and from the brain to the retina . A report that when a scene is perceived 50 retinal cells are much more active than any of the other retinal cells is ascribed significance in the theory . The theory involves neurons that exhibit hysteresis , without the need for any changes in synaptic connection strengths during learning . The fact that the brain is able to recognize faces and other objects very rapidly is discussed in the context of the theory . The theory can be epitomized as `` We see with our eyes and remember with our brains '' .
