0707.2656	q-bio.BM q-bio.MN	Nanosilica mops up host lipids and fights baculovirus : a B. mori model	Malaria and other parasites , including virus often induce an increase in host lipids which the invaders use to their own advantage . We obtained encouraging results in our investigations on bird malaria with a new approach namely the use of nanosilica to mop up excess host lipids . While this project is continuing we have investigated another , simpler system namely silkworms which suffer from a deadly baculovirus , BmNPV . This virus decimates the infected population within 24 hours or so and no known antibiotic antidote or genetically resistant strain of silkworm3 exists . We report here a partial success , which is worth following up . Our rationale , we believe , has a broad and interdisciplinary appeal , for , this nanosilica treatment might be used together with other arsenals on all sorts of virus which take advantage of enhanced host lipids . It has not escaped our notice that Ebola and HIV also belong to this category . Nanoparticles are being preferentially harnessed , because they offer a greater surface area , circulate more easily and in lepidopteran system4 they are removed within 24 hours from the body . Lawry surmised , on cogent theoretical grounds that particles significantly smaller than micron order would be less harmful in the hemocoele . Furthermore , Hui-peng et al . pointed out that lipase treatment , the only viable option for controlling BmNPV interferes in hormonal balance and can not be applied to pre molting stage .
0707.2658	q-bio.BM q-bio.MN	Nanosilica mop up host lipids and fights baculovirus	Various types of surface functionalized nanosilica ( 50-60 nm size with 3-10 nm inner pore size range ) have been used to kill insect pests by sucking up cuticular lipids and breaking the water barrier . We have also utilized nanosilica for mopping up host lipids induced by the malarial parasite , P. gallinaceum in poultry birds ; VLDL cholesterol and serum triglycerides are brought back to the normal level with a concomitant check in parasite growth . While this work continues , we have explored another more convenient system , silkworm ( Bombyx mori ) that is frequently decimated by a baculovirus , NPV for which no antidote is known so far . Here , too , viral infection enhances host lipids . Eight different types of nanosilica were injected in the virus infected silkworm ( batches of 10 worms ) after ensuring 100 % survival up to cocoon formation in control larvae ( injected with the same volume of ethanol , the medium of nanosilica ) . Of these 8 , AL60102 and AL60106 , have the most marked effect on infected silkworm , both as prophylactic and pharmaceutical agents . Normal larvae injected with these nanosilica survive up to cocoon formation .
0707.2659	q-bio.MN q-bio.BM	Control of rodent sleeping sickness disease by surface functionalized amorphous nanosilica	Wild animals , pets , zoo animals and mammals of veterinary importance heavily suffer from trypanosomiasis . Drugs with serious side effects are currently mainstay of therapies used by veterinarians . Trypanosomiasis is caused by Trypanosoma sp . leading to sleeping sickness in humans . Surface modified ( hydrophobic and lipophilic ) amorphous nanoporous silica molecules could be effectively used as therapeutic drug for combating trypanosomiasis . The amorphous nanosilica was developed by top-down approach using volcanic soil derived silica ( Advasan ; 50- 60 nm size with 3-10 nm inner pore size range ) and diatomaceous earth ( FS ; 60-80 nm size with 3-5 nm inner pore size range ) as source materials . According to WHO and USDA standards amorphous silica has long been used as feed additives for several veterinary industries and considered to be safe for human consumption . The basic mechanism of action of these nanosilica molecules is mediated by the physical absorption of HDL components in the lipophilic nanopores of nanosilica . This reduces the supply of the host derived cholesterol , thus limiting the growth of the Trypanosoma sp . in vivo .
0707.2739	q-bio.MN q-bio.GN	On Cycles in the Transcription Network of Saccharomyces cerevisiae	We investigate the cycles in the transcription network of S. cerevisiae . Unlike a similar network of E. coli , it contains many cycles . We characterize properties of these cycles and their place in the regulatory mechanism of the cell . Almost all cycles in the transcription network of S. cerevisiae are contained in a single strongly connected component , which we call LSCC ( L for `` largest '' ) , except for a single cycle of two transcription factors . Among different physiological conditions , cell cycle has the most significant relationship with LSCC , as the set of 64 transcription interactions that are active in all phases of the cell cycle has overlap of 27 with the interactions of LSCC ( of which there are 49 ) . Conversely , if we remove the interactions that are active in all phases of the cell cycle ( fewer than 1 % of the total ) , the LSCC would have only three nodes and 5 edges , 4 of which are active only in the stress response subnetwork . LSCC has a special place in the topology of the network and it can be used to define a natural hierarchy in the network ; in every physiological subnetwork LSCC plays a pivotal role . Apart from those well-defined conditions , the transcription network of S. cerevisiae is devoid of cycles . It was observed that two conditions that were studied and that have no cycles of their own are exogenous : diauxic shift and DNA repair , while cell cycle , sporulation are endogenous .
