0704.0615	q-bio.PE	Parsimony via concensus	The parsimony score of a character on a tree equals the number of state changes required to fit that character onto the tree . We show that for unordered , reversible characters this score equals the number of tree rearrangements required to fit the tree onto the character . We discuss implications of this connection for the debate over the use of consensus trees or total evidence , and show how it provides a link between incongruence of characters and recombination .
0704.0634	q-bio.BM q-bio.QM	A Finite Element framework for computation of protein normal modes and mechanical response	A coarse-grained computational procedure based on the Finite Element Method is proposed to calculate the normal modes and mechanical response of proteins and their supramolecular assemblies . Motivated by the elastic network model , proteins are modeled as homogeneous isotropic elastic solids with volume defined by their solvent-excluded surface . The discretized Finite Element representation is obtained using a surface simplification algorithm that facilitates the generation of models of arbitrary prescribed spatial resolution . The procedure is applied to compute the normal modes of a mutant of T4 phage lysozyme and of filamentous actin , as well as the critical Euler buckling load of the latter when subject to axial compression . Results compare favorably with all-atom normal mode analysis , the Rotation Translation Blocks procedure , and experiment . The proposed methodology establishes a computational framework for the calculation of protein mechanical response that facilitates the incorporation of specific atomic-level interactions into the model , including aqueous-electrolyte-mediated electrostatic effects . The procedure is equally applicable to proteins with known atomic coordinates as it is to electron density maps of proteins , protein complexes , and supramolecular assemblies of unknown atomic structure .
0704.0648	q-bio.NC	Behavioral response to strong aversive stimuli : A neurodynamical model	In this paper a theoretical model of functioning of a neural circuit during a behavioral response has been proposed . A neural circuit can be thought of as a directed multigraph whose each vertex is a neuron and each edge is a synapse . It has been assumed in this paper that the behavior of such circuits is manifested through the collective behavior of neurons belonging to that circuit . Behavioral information of each neuron is contained in the coefficients of the fast Fourier transform ( FFT ) over the output spike train . Those coefficients form a vector in a multidimensional vector space . Behavioral dynamics of a neuronal network in response to strong aversive stimuli has been studied in a vector space in which a suitable pseudometric has been defined . The neurodynamical model of network behavior has been formulated in terms of existing memory , synaptic plasticity and feelings . The model has an analogy in classical electrostatics , by which the notion of force and potential energy has been introduced . Since the model takes input from each neuron in a network and produces a behavior as the output , it would be extremely difficult or may even be impossible to implement . But with the help of the model a possible explanation for an hitherto unexplained neurological observation in human brain has been offered . The model is compatible with a recent model of sequential behavioral dynamics . The model is based on electrophysiology , but its relevance to hemodynamics has been outlined .
