0708.1781	q-bio.TO	Effects of pyruvate administration on infarct volume and neurological deficits following permanent focal cerebral ischemia in rats	Recent experimental evidences indicate that pyruvate , the final metabolite of glycolysis , has a remarkable protective effect against different types of brain injury . The purpose of this study was to assess the neuroprotective effect and the neurological outcome after pyruvate administration in a model of ischemic stroke induced by permanent middle cerebral artery occlusion ( pMCAO ) in rats . Three doses of pyruvate ( 250 , 500 and 1000 mg/kg , i.p . ) or vehicle were administered intraperitoneally 30 min after pMCAO . In other set of experiments , pyruvate was given either before , immediately after ischemia or in a long-term administration paradigm . Functional outcome , mortality and infarct volume were determined 24 h after stroke . Even when the lowest doses of pyruvate reduced mortality and neurological deficits , no concomitant reduction in infarct volume was observed . The highest dose of pyruvate increased cortical infarction by 27 % when administered 30 min after pMCAO . In addition , when pyruvate was given before pMCAO , a significant increase in neurological deficits was noticed . Surprisingly , on the contrary of what was found in the case of transient global ischemia , present findings do not support a great neuroprotective role for pyruvate in permanent focal cerebral ischemia , suggesting two distinct mechanisms involved in the effects of this glycolytic metabolite in the ischemic brain .
0708.1794	q-bio.NC q-bio.GN	Systems level circuit model of C. elegans undulatory locomotion : mathematical modeling and molecular genetics	To establish the relationship between locomotory behavior and dynamics of neural circuits in the nematode C. elegans we combined molecular and theoretical approaches . In particular , we quantitatively analyzed the motion of C. elegans with defective synaptic GABA and acetylcholine transmission , defective muscle calcium signaling , and defective muscles and cuticle structures , and compared the data with our systems level circuit model . The major experimental findings are : ( i ) anterior-to-posterior gradients of body bending flex for almost all strains both for forward and backward motion , and for neuronal mutants , also analogous weak gradients of undulatory frequency , ( ii ) existence of some form of neuromuscular ( stretch receptor ) feedback , ( iii ) invariance of neuromuscular wavelength , ( iv ) biphasic dependence of frequency on synaptic signaling , and ( v ) decrease of frequency with increase of the muscle time constant . Based on ( i ) we hypothesize that the Central Pattern Generator ( CPG ) is located in the head both for forward and backward motion . Points ( i ) and ( ii ) are the starting assumptions for our theoretical model , whose dynamical patterns are qualitatively insensitive to the details of the CPG design if stretch receptor feedback is sufficiently strong and slow . The model reveals that stretch receptor coupling in the body wall is critical for generation of the neuromuscular wave . Our model agrees with our behavioral data ( iii ) , ( iv ) , and ( v ) , and with other pertinent published data , e.g. , that frequency is an increasing function of muscle gap-junction coupling .
