0708.3098	q-bio.GN	CompostBin : A DNA composition-based algorithm for binning environmental shotgun reads	A major hindrance to studies of microbial diversity has been that the vast majority of microbes can not be cultured in the laboratory and thus are not amenable to traditional methods of characterization . Environmental shotgun sequencing ( ESS ) overcomes this hurdle by sequencing the DNA from the organisms present in a microbial community . The interpretation of this metagenomic data can be greatly facilitated by associating every sequence read with its source organism . We report the development of CompostBin , a DNA composition-based algorithm for analyzing metagenomic sequence reads and distributing them into taxon-specific bins . Unlike previous methods that seek to bin assembled contigs and often require training on known reference genomes , CompostBin has the ability to accurately bin raw sequence reads without need for assembly or training . It applies principal component analysis to project the data into an informative lower-dimensional space , and then uses the normalized cut clustering algorithm on this filtered data set to classify sequences into taxon-specific bins . We demonstrate the algorithm 's accuracy on a variety of simulated data sets and on one metagenomic data set with known species assignments . CompostBin is a work in progress , with several refinements of the algorithm planned for the future .
0708.3103	q-bio.PE	Computer simulations on the sympatric speciation modes for the Midas cichlid species complex	Cichlid fishes are one of the best model system for the study of evolution of the species . Inspired by them , in this paper we simulated the splitting of a single species into two separate ones via random mutations , with both populations living together in sympatry , sharing the same habitat . We study the ecological , mating and genetic conditions needed to reproduce the polychromatism and polymorphism of three species of the Midas Cichlid species complex . Our results show two scenarios for the A. Citrinellus speciation process , one with and the other without disruptive natural selection . In the first scenario , the ecological and genetic conditions are sufficient to create two new species , while in the second the mating and genetic conditions must be synchronized in order to control the velocity of genetic drift .
