0709.0778	q-bio.MN	Modular co-evolution of metabolic networks	The architecture of biological networks has been reported to exhibit high level of modularity , and to some extent , topological modules of networks overlap with known functional modules . However , how the modular topology of the molecular network affects the evolution of its member proteins remains unclear . In this work , the functional and evolutionary modularity of Homo sapiens ( H. sapiens ) metabolic network were investigated from a topological point of view . Network decomposition shows that the metabolic network is organized in a highly modular core-periphery way , in which the core modules are tightly linked together and perform basic metabolism functions , whereas the periphery modules only interact with few modules and accomplish relatively independent and specialized functions . Moreover , over half of the modules exhibit co-evolutionary feature and belong to specific evolutionary ages . Peripheral modules tend to evolve more cohesively and faster than core modules do . The correlation between functional , evolutionary and topological modularity suggests that the evolutionary history and functional requirements of metabolic systems have been imprinted in the architecture of metabolic networks . Such systems level analysis could demonstrate how the evolution of genes may be placed in a genome-scale network context , giving a novel perspective on molecular evolution .
0709.0823	q-bio.MN nlin.CG	Reply to ''Comment on 'Regularizing Capacity of Metabolic Networks ' ''	In a recent paper [ C. Marr , M. Mueller-Linow , and M.-T. Huett , Phys . Rev . E 75 , 041917 ( 2007 ) ] we discuss the pronounced potential of real metabolic network topologies , compared to randomized counterparts , to regularize complex binary dynamics . In their comment [ P. Holme and M. Huss , arXiv:0705.4084v1 ] , Holme and Huss criticize our approach and repeat our study with more realistic dynamics , where stylized reaction kinetics are implemented on sets of pairwise reactions . The authors find no dynamic difference between the reaction sets recreated from the metabolic networks and randomized counterparts . We reproduce the author 's observation and find that their algorithm leads to a dynamical fragmentation and thus eliminates the topological information contained in the graphs . Hence , their approach can not rule out a connection between the topology of metabolic networks and the ubiquity of steady states .
