0704.2474	q-bio.BM	Observation of Multiple folding Pathways of beta-hairpin Trpzip2 from Independent Continuous Folding Trajectories	We report 10 successfully folding events of trpzip2 by molecular dynamics simulation . It is found that the trizip2 can fold into its native state through different zipper pathways , depending on the ways of forming hydrophobic core . We also find a very fast non-zipper pathway . This indicates that there may be no inconsistencies in the current pictures of beta-hairpin folding mechanisms . These pathways occur with different probabilities . zip-out is the most probable one . This may explain the recent experiment that the turn formation is the rate-limiting step for beta-hairpin folding .
0704.2547	q-bio.BM cond-mat.stat-mech	Inferring DNA sequences from mechanical unzipping data : the large-bandwidth case	The complementary strands of DNA molecules can be separated when stretched apart by a force ; the unzipping signal is correlated to the base content of the sequence but is affected by thermal and instrumental noise . We consider here the ideal case where opening events are known to a very good time resolution ( very large bandwidth ) , and study how the sequence can be reconstructed from the unzipping data . Our approach relies on the use of statistical Bayesian inference and of Viterbi decoding algorithm . Performances are studied numerically on Monte Carlo generated data , and analytically . We show how multiple unzippings of the same molecule may be exploited to improve the quality of the prediction , and calculate analytically the number of required unzippings as a function of the bandwidth , the sequence content , the elasticity parameters of the unzipped strands .
0704.2554	q-bio.PE	A tree without leaves	The puzzle presented by the famous stumps of Gilboa , New York , finds a solution in the discovery of two fossil specimens that allow the entire structure of these early trees to be reconstructed .
0704.2649	q-bio.PE	Hedging our bets : the expected contribution of species to future phylogenetic diversity	If predictions for species extinctions hold , then the `tree of life ' today may be quite different to that in ( say ) 100 years . We describe a technique to quantify how much each species is likely to contribute to future biodiversity , as measured by its expected contribution to phylogenetic diversity . Our approach considers all possible scenarios for the set of species that will be extant at some future time , and weights them according to their likelihood under an independent ( but not identical ) distribution on species extinctions . Although the number of extinction scenarios can typically be very large , we show that there is a simple algorithm that will quickly compute this index . The method is implemented and applied to the prosimian primates as a test case , and the associated species ranking is compared to a related measure ( the `Shapley index ' ) . We describe indices for rooted and unrooted trees , and a modification that also includes the focal taxon 's probability of extinction , making it directly comparable to some new conservation metrics .
