0711.1522	q-bio.MN	Chaotic Gene Regulatory Networks Can Be Robust Against Mutations and Noise	Robustness to mutations and noise has been shown to evolve through stabilizing selection for optimal phenotypes in model gene regulatory networks . The ability to evolve robust mutants is known to depend on the network architecture . How do the dynamical properties and state-space structures of networks with high and low robustness differ ? Does selection operate on the global dynamical behavior of the networks ? What kind of state-space structures are favored by selection ? We provide damage propagation analysis and an extensive statistical analysis of state spaces of these model networks to show that the change in their dynamical properties due to stabilizing selection for optimal phenotypes is minor . Most notably , the networks that are most robust to both mutations and noise are highly chaotic . Certain properties of chaotic networks , such as being able to produce large attractor basins , can be useful for maintaining a stable gene-expression pattern . Our findings indicate that conventional measures of stability , such as the damage-propagation rate , do not provide much information about robustness to mutations or noise in model gene regulatory networks .
0711.1568	q-bio.BM	A global view of drug-therapy interactions	Network science is already making an impact on the study of complex systems and offers a promising variety of tools to understand their formation and evolution ( 1-4 ) in many disparate fields from large communication networks ( 5,6 ) , transportation infrastructures ( 7 ) and social communities ( 8,9 ) to biological systems ( 1,10,11 ) . Even though new highthroughput technologies have rapidly been generating large amounts of genomic data , drug design has not followed the same development , and it is still complicated and expensive to develop new single-target drugs . Nevertheless , recent approaches suggest that multi-target drug design combined with a network-dependent approach and large-scale systems-oriented strategies ( 12-14 ) create a promising framework to combat complex multigenetic disorders like cancer or diabetes . Here , we investigate the human network corresponding to the interactions between all US approved drugs and human therapies , defined by known drug-therapy relationships . Our results show that the key paths in this network are shorter than three steps , indicating that distant therapies are separated by a surprisingly low number of chemical compounds . We also identify a sub-network composed by drugs with high centrality measures ( 15 ) , which represent the structural back-bone of the drug-therapy system and act as hubs routing information between distant parts of the network . These findings provide for the first time a global map of the largescale organization of all known drugs and associated therapies , bringing new insights on possible strategies for future drug development . Special attention should be given to drugs which combine the two properties of ( a ) having a high centrality value and ( b ) acting on multiple targets .
