0709.1189	q-bio.OT	Effect of THz-radiation on Behavior of Male Mice	Effect of terahertz radiation ( 3.6 THz , 81.5 mkm,15 mV ) on some behavioral patterns of intact mice has been investigated . In home cage mice demonstrated avoidance of laser ray and enhanced replacement activity in free behavior . Animals irradiated during 30 minutes manifested an increased level of anxiety , which was evaluated in the plus maze test on the day following the radiation .
0709.1195	q-bio.PE q-bio.CB	Selective advantage for sexual reproduction with random haploid fusion	This paper develops a simplified set of models describing asexual and sexual replication in unicel- lular diploid organisms . The models assume organisms whose genomes consist of two chromosomes , where each chromosome is assumed to be functional if it is equal to some master sequence $ \sigma_0 $ , and non-functional otherwise . The first-order growth rate constant , or fitness , of an organism , is determined by whether it has zero , one , or two functional chromosomes in its genome . For a population replicating asexually , a given cell replicates both of its chromosomes , and splits its genetic material evenly between the two cells . For a population replicating sexually , a given cell first divides into two haploids , which enter a haploid pool , fuse into diploids , and then divide via the normal mitotic process . Haploid fusion is modeled as a second-order rate process . When the cost for sex is small , as measured by the ratio of the characteristic haploid fusion time to the characteristic growth time , we find that sexual replication with random haploid fusion leads to a greater mean fitness for the population than a purely asexual strategy . However , independently of the cost for sex , we find that sexual replication with a selective mating strategy leads to a higher mean fitness than the random mating strategy . This result is based on the assumption that a selective mating strategy does not have any additional time or energy costs over the random mating strategy , an assumption that is discussed in the paper . The results of this paper are consistent with previous studies suggesting that sex is favored at intermediate mutation rates , for slowly replicating organisms , and at high population densities .
