0710.2235	q-bio.BM	Proteins in a shear flow	The conformational dynamics of a single protein molecule in a shear flow is investigated using Brownian dynamics simulations . A structure-based coarse grained model of a protein is used . We consider two proteins , ubiquitin and integrin , and find that at moderate shear rates they unfold through a sequence of metastable states - a pattern which is distinct from a smooth unraveling found in homopolymers . Full unfolding occurs only at very large shear rates . Furthermore , the hydrodynamic interactions between the amino acids are shown to hinder the shear flow unfolding . The characteristics of the unfolding process depend on whether a protein is anchored or not , and if it is , on the choice of an anchoring point .
0710.2301	q-bio.NC physics.bio-ph	Auto and crosscorrelograms for the spike response of LIF neurons with slow synapses	An analytical description of the response properties of simple but realistic neuron models in the presence of noise is still lacking . We determine completely up to the second order the firing statistics of a single and a pair of leaky integrate-and-fire neurons ( LIFs ) receiving some common slowly filtered white noise . In particular , the auto- and cross-correlation functions of the output spike trains of pairs of cells are obtained from an improvement of the adiabatic approximation introduced in \cite { Mor+04 } . These two functions define the firing variability and firing synchronization between neurons , and are of much importance for understanding neuron communication .
0710.2342	q-bio.NC physics.bio-ph	Theory of input spike auto- and cross-correlations and their effect on the response of spiking neurons	Spike correlations between neurons are ubiquitous in the cortex , but their role is at present not understood . Here we describe the firing response of a leaky integrate-and-fire neuron ( LIF ) when it receives a temporarily correlated input generated by presynaptic correlated neuronal populations . Input correlations are characterized in terms of the firing rates , Fano factors , correlation coefficients and correlation timescale of the neurons driving the target neuron . We show that the sum of the presynaptic spike trains can not be well described by a Poisson process . Solutions of the output firing rate are found in the limit of short and long correlation time scales .
