0711.2179	q-bio.PE	Studies in the physics of evolution : creation , formation , destruction	The concept of ( auto ) catalytic systems has become a cornerstone in understanding evolutionary processes in various fields . The common ground is the observation that for the production of new species/goods/ideas/elements etc . the pre-existence of specific other elements is a necessary condition . In previous work some of us showed that the dynamics of the catalytic network equation can be understood in terms of topological recurrence relations paving a path towards the analytic tractability of notoriously high dimensional evolution equations . We apply this philosophy to studies in socio-physics , bio-diversity and massive events of creation and destruction in technological and biological networks . Cascading events , triggered by small exogenous fluctuations , lead to dynamics strongly resembling the qualitative picture of Schumpeterian economic evolution . Further we show that this new methodology allows to mathematically treat a variant of the threshold voter-model of opinion formation on networks . For fixed topology we find distinct phases of mixed opinions and consensus .
0711.2208	q-bio.MN cond-mat.soft	One Hub-One Process : A Tool Based View on Regulatory Network Topology	The relationship between the regulatory design and the functionality of molecular networks is a key issue in biology . Modules and motifs have been associated to various cellular processes , thereby providing anecdotal evidence for performance based localization on molecular networks . To quantify structure-function relationship we investigate similarities of proteins which are close in the regulatory network of the yeast Saccharomyces Cerevisiae . We find that the topology of the regulatory network show weak remnants of its history of network reorganizations , but strong features of co-regulated proteins associated to similar tasks . This suggests that local topological features of regulatory networks , including broad degree distributions , emerge as an implicit result of matching a number of needed processes to a finite toolbox of proteins .
0711.2227	q-bio.CB q-bio.SC	Dynamic states of cells adhering in shear flow : from slipping to rolling	Motivated by rolling adhesion of white blood cells in the vasculature , we study how cells move in linear shear flow above a wall to which they can adhere via specific receptor-ligand bonds . Our computer simulations are based on a Langevin equation accounting for hydrodynamic interactions , thermal fluctuations and adhesive interactions . In contrast to earlier approaches , our model not only includes stochastic rules for the formation and rupture of bonds , but also fully resolves both receptor and ligand positions . We identify five different dynamic states of motion in regard to the translational and angular velocities of the cell . The transitions between the different states are mapped out in a dynamic state diagram as a function of the rates for bond formation and rupture . For example , as the cell starts to adhere under the action of bonds , its translational and angular velocities become synchronized and the dynamic state changes from slipping to rolling . We also investigate the effect of non-molecular parameters . In particular , we find that an increase in viscosity of the medium leads to a characteristic expansion of the region of stable rolling to the expense of the region of firm adhesion , but not to the expense of the regions of free or transient motion . Our results can be used in an inverse approach to determine single bond parameters from flow chamber data on rolling adhesion .
