0711.1010	q-bio.BM	Nature of protein family signatures : Insights from singular value analysis of position-specific scoring matrices	Position-specific scoring matrices ( PSSMs ) are useful for detecting weak homology in protein sequence analysis , and they are thought to contain some essential signatures of the protein families . In order to elucidate what kind of ingredients constitute such family-specific signatures , we apply singular value decomposition to a set of PSSMs and examine the properties of dominant right and left singular vectors . The first right singular vectors were correlated with various amino acid indices including relative mutability , amino acid composition in protein interior , hydropathy , or turn propensity , depending on proteins . A significant correlation between the first left singular vector and a measure of site conservation was observed . It is shown that the contribution of the first singular component to the PSSMs act to disfavor potentially but falsely functionally important residues at conserved sites . The second right singular vectors were highly correlated with hydrophobicity scales , and the corresponding left singular vectors with contact numbers of protein structures . It is suggested that sequence alignment with a PSSM is essentially equivalent to threading supplemented with functional information . The presented method may be used to separate functionally important sites from structurally important ones , and thus it may be a useful tool for predicting protein functions .
0711.1012	q-bio.BM	Similarity search for local protein structures at atomic resolution by exploiting a database management system	A method to search for local structural similarities in proteins at atomic resolution is presented . It is demonstrated that a huge amount of structural data can be handled within a reasonable CPU time by using a conventional relational database management system with appropriate indexing of geometric data . This method , which we call geometric indexing , can enumerate ligand binding sites that are structurally similar to sub-structures of a query protein among more than 160,000 possible candidates within a few hours of CPU time on an ordinary desktop computer . After detecting a set of high scoring ligand binding sites by the geometric indexing search , structural alignments at atomic resolution are constructed by iteratively applying the Hungarian algorithm , and the statistical significance of the final score is estimated from an empirical model based on a gamma distribution . Applications of this method to several protein structures clearly shows that significant similarities can be detected between local structures of non-homologous as well as homologous proteins .
0711.1069	q-bio.BM q-bio.QM	Numerical analysis of solitons profiles in a composite model for DNA to rsion dynamics	We present the results of our numerical analysis of a `` composite '' model of DNA which generalizes a well-known elementary torsional model of Yakushevich by allowing bases to move independently from the backbone . The model shares with the Yakushevich model many features and results but it represents an improvement from both the conceptual and the phenomenological point of view . It provides a more realistic description of DNA and possibly a justification for the use of models which consider the DNA chain as uniform . It shows that the existence of solitons is a generic feature of the underlying nonlinear dynamics and is to a large extent independent of the detailed modelling of DNA . As opposite to the Yakushevich model , where it is needed to use an unphysical value for the torsion in order to induce the correct velocity of sound , the model we consider supports solitonic solutions , qualitatively and quantitatively very similar to the Yakushevich solitons , in a fully realistic range of all the physical parameters characterizing the DNA .
0711.1141	q-bio.QM q-bio.SC	Transcriptional pulsing and consequent stochasticity in gene expression	Transcriptional pulsing has been observed in both prokaryotes and eukaryotes and plays a crucial role in cell to cell variability of protein and mRNA numbers . The issue is how the time constants associated with episodes of transcriptional bursting impact cellular mRNA and protein distributions and reciprocally , to what extent experimentally observed distributions can be attributed to transcriptional pulsing . We address these questions by investigating the exact time-dependent solution of the Master equation for a transcriptional pulsing model of mRNA distributions . We find a plethora of results : we show that , among others , bimodal and long-tailed ( power law ) distributions occur in the steady state as the rate constants are varied over biologically significant time scales . Since steady state distributions may not be reached experimentally we present results for the time evolution of the distributions . Because cellular behavior is essentially determined by proteins , we investigate the effect of the different mRNA distributions on the corresponding protein distributions . We delineate the regimes of rate constants for which the protein distribution mimics the mRNA distribution and those for which the protein distribution deviates significantly from the mRNA distribution .
0711.1193	q-bio.OT	Imposition of Different Optimizing Object with Non-Linear Constraints on Flux Sampling and Elimination of Free Futile Pathways	Constraint-based modeling has been widely used on metabolic networks analysis , such as biosynthetic prediction and flux optimization . The linear constraints , like mass conservation constraint , reversibility constraint , biological capacity constraint , can be imposed on linear algorithms . However , recently a non-linear constraint based on the second thermodynamic law , known as `` loop law '' , has emerged and challenged the existing algorithms . Proven to be unfeasible with linear solutions , this non-linear constraint has been successfully imposed on the sampling process . In this place , Monte - Carlo sampling with Metropolis criterion and Simulated Annealing has been introduced to optimize the Biomass synthesis of genome scale metabolic network of Helicobacter pylori ( iIT341 GSM / GPR ) under mass conservation constraint , biological capacity constraint , and thermodynamic constraints including reversibility and `` loop law '' . The sampling method has also been employed to optimize a non-linear objective function , the Biomass synthetic rate , which is unified by the total income number of reducible electrons . To verify whether a sample contains internal loops , an automatic solution has been developed based on solving a set of inequalities . In addition , a new type of pathway has been proposed here , the Futile Pathway , which has three properties : 1 ) its mass flow could be self-balanced ; 2 ) it has exchange reactions ; 3 ) it is independent to the biomass synthesis . To eliminate the fluxes of the Futile Pathways in the sampling results , a linear programming based method has been suggested and the results have showed improved correlations among the reaction fluxes in the pathways related to Biomass synthesis .
