0709.2762	q-bio.NC	Biomimetic Space-Variant Sampling in a Vision Prosthesis Improves the User 's Skill in a Localization Task	In this experiment , we test the hypothesis of whether a 'retina-like ' space variant sampling pattern can improve the efficiency of a visual prosthesis . Subjects wearing a visuo-auditory substitution system were tested for their ability to point at visual targets . The test group ( space-variant sampling ) , performed significantly better than the control group ( uniform sampling ) . The pointing accuracy was enhanced , as was the speed to find the target . Surprisingly , the time spanned to complete the training was also reduced , suggesting that this space-variant sampling scheme facilitates the mastering of sensorimotor contingencies .
0709.2824	q-bio.MN q-bio.GN	Pseudo-Random Fluctuations , Stochastic Cooperativity and Burstiness in Dynamically Unstable High-Dimensional Biochemical Networks	The goal of this paper is to outline a scenario of emerging stochasticity in high-dimensional highly nonlinear systems , such as genetic regulatory networks ( GRN ) . We focus attention on the fact that in such systems confluence of all the factors necessary for gene expression is a comparatively rare event , and only massive redundancy makes such events sufficiently frequent . An immediate consequence of this rareness is burstiness in mRNA and protein copy numbers , a well known experimentally observed effect . We introduce the concept of stochastic cooperativity and show that this phenomenon is a natural consequence of high dimensionality coupled with highly nonlinearity of a dynamical system . In mathematical terms , burstiness is associated with heavy-tailed probability distributions of stochastic processes describing the dynamics of the system . The sequence of stochastic cooperativity events allows for transition from continuous deterministic dynamics expressed in terms of ordinary differential equations ( ODE ) to discrete stochastic dynamics expressed in terms of Langevin and Fokker-Plank equations . We demonstrate also that high-dimensional nonlinear systems , even in the absence of explicit mechanisms for suppressing inherent instability , may nevertheless reside in a state of stationary pseudo-random fluctuations which for all practical purposes may be regarded as stochastic process . This type of stochastic behavior is an inherent property of such systems and requires neither an external random force , nor highly specialized conditions of bistability .
0709.2890	q-bio.PE	Using invariants for phylogenetic tree construction	Phylogenetic invariants are certain polynomials in the joint probability distribution of a Markov model on a phylogenetic tree . Such polynomials are of theoretical interest in the field of algebraic statistics and they are also of practical interest -- they can be used to construct phylogenetic trees . This paper is a self-contained introduction to the algebraic , statistical , and computational challenges involved in the practical use of phylogenetic invariants . We survey the relevant literature and provide some partial answers and many open problems .
