0706.1611	q-bio.NC q-bio.PE	Calcium and synaptic dynamics underlying reverberatory activity in neuronal networks	Persistent activity is postulated to drive neural network plasticity and learning . To investigate its underlying cellular mechanisms , we developed a biophysically tractable model that explains the emergence , sustenance , and eventual termination of short-term persistent activity . Using the model , we reproduced the features of reverberating activity that were observed in small ( 50-100 cells ) networks of cultured hippocampal neurons , such as the appearance of polysynaptic current clusters , the typical inter-cluster intervals , the typical duration of reverberation , and the response to changes in extra-cellular ionic composition . The model relies on action potential-triggered residual presynaptic calcium , which we suggest plays an important role in sustaining reverberations . We show that reverberatory activity is maintained by enhanced asynchronous transmitter release from pre-synaptic terminals , which in itself depends on the dynamics of residual presynaptic calcium . Hence , asynchronous release , rather than being a `` synaptic noise '' , can play an important role in network dynamics . Additionally , we found that a fast timescale synaptic depression is responsible for oscillatory network activation during reverberations , whereas the onset of a slow timescale depression leads to the termination of reverberation . The simplicity of our model enabled a number of predictions that were confirmed by additional analyses of experimental manipulations .
0706.1748	q-bio.SC q-bio.BM	Crystal Irradiation Stimulation of Enzyme Reactivity : An Explanation	In 1968 , Sorin Comorosan first reported a phenomenon wherein irradiation of the substrate of an enzyme reaction , in the crystalline state , for a specific number of seconds could lead to an enhanced aqueous solution reaction rate for the enzyme ( up to 30 % ) . Dependence on crystal irradiation time was found to be oscillatory with a fixed period . The basis for this unusual phenomenon has remained a mystery . Previously unreported experimental results are presented which demonstrate , for the LDH / pyruvate reaction , that the identity of the crystalline material irradiated is , largely , inconsequential . It is proposed here that the irradiation procedure drives oscillatory reactions involving atmospheric gases adsorbed on the crystals and that these photoproducts , or related dark-reaction species , when dissolved , function as enzyme cofactors .
0706.1754	q-bio.BM	Protein structure prediction by an iterative search method	We demonstrate a new algorithm for finding protein conformations that minimize a non-bonded energy function . The new algorithm , called the difference map , seeks to find an atomic configuration that is simultaneously in two constraint spaces . The first constraint space is the space of atomic configurations that have a valid peptide geometry , while the second is the space of configurations that have a non-bonded energy below a given target . These two constraint spaces are used to define a deterministic dynamical system , whose fixed points produce atomic configurations in the intersection of the two constraint spaces . The rate at which the difference map produces low energy protein conformations is compared with that of a contemporary search algorithm , parallel tempering . The results indicate the difference map finds low energy protein conformations at a significantly higher rate then parallel tempering .
