0712.4216	q-bio.QM	Offdiagonal complexity : A computationally quick network complexity measure . Application to protein networks and cell division	Many complex biological , social , and economical networks show topologies drastically differing from random graphs . But , what is a complex network , i.e.\ how can one quantify the complexity of a graph ? Here the Offdiagonal Complexity ( OdC ) , a new , and computationally cheap , measure of complexity is defined , based on the node-node link cross-distribution , whose nondiagonal elements characterize the graph structure beyond link distribution , cluster coefficient and average path length . The OdC apporach is applied to the { \sl Helicobacter pylori } protein interaction network and randomly rewired surrogates thereof . In addition , OdC is used to characterize the spatial complexity of cell aggregates . We investigate the earliest embryo development states of Caenorhabditis elegans . The development states of the premorphogenetic phase are represented by symmetric binary-valued cell connection matrices with dimension growing from 4 to 385 . These matrices can be interpreted as adjacency matrix of an undirected graph , or network . The OdC approach allows to describe quantitatively the complexity of the cell aggregate geometry .
0712.4219	q-bio.PE	On the optimality of the standard genetic code : the role of stop codons	The genetic code markup is the assignment of stop codons . The standard genetic code markup ensures the maximum possible stability of genetic information with respect to two fault classes : frameshift and nonsense mutations . There are only 528 ( about 1,3 % of total number ) optimal markups in the set of markups having 3 stop codons . Among the sets of markups with 1,2 , ... ,8 stop codons , the standard case having 3 stop codons has maximum absolute number of optimal markups .
0712.4224	q-bio.PE physics.soc-ph q-bio.QM	Drift reversal in asymmetric coevolutionary conflicts : Influence of microscopic processes and population size	The coevolutionary dynamics in finite populations currently is investigated in a wide range of disciplines , as chemical catalysis , biological evolution , social and economic systems . The dynamics of those systems can be formulated within the unifying framework of evolutionary game theory . However it is not a priori clear which mathematical description is appropriate when populations are not infinitely large . Whereas the replicator equation approach describes the infinite population size limit by deterministic differential equations , in finite populations the dynamics is inherently stochastic which can lead to new effects . Recently , an explicit mean-field description in the form of a Fokker-Planck equation was derived for frequency-dependent selection in finite populations based on microscopic processes . In asymmetric conflicts between two populations with a cyclic dominance , a finite-size dependent drift reversal was demonstrated , depending on the underlying microscopic process of the evolutionary update . Cyclic dynamics appears widely in biological coevolution , be it within a homogeneous population , or be it between disjunct populations as female and male . Here explicit analytic address is given and the average drift is calculated for the frequency-dependent Moran process and for different pairwise comparison processes . It is explicitely shown that the drift reversal can not occur if the process relies on payoff differences between pairs of individuals . Further , also a linear comparison with the average payoff does not lead to a drift towards the internal fixed point . Hence the nonlinear comparison function of the frequency-dependent Moran process , together with its usage of nonlocal information via the average payoff , is the essential part of the mechanism .
0712.4275	q-bio.QM q-bio.OT	Information retrieval from a phoneme time series database	Developing fast and efficient algorithms for retrieval of objects to a given user query is an area of active research . The present study investigates retrieval of time series objects from a phoneme database to a given user pattern or query . The proposed method maps the one-dimensional time series retrieval into a sequence retrieval problem by partitioning the multi-dimensional phase-space using k-means clustering . The problem of whole sequence as well as subsequence matching is considered . Robustness of the proposed technique is investigated on phoneme time series corrupted with additive white Gaussian noise . The shortcoming of classical power-spectral techniques for time series retrieval is also discussed .
