0711.4476	q-bio.MN q-bio.QM	Reaction coordinates for the flipping of genetic switches	We present a detailed analysis , based on the Forward Flux Sampling ( FFS ) simulation method , of the switching dynamics and stability of two models of genetic toggle switches , consisting of two mutually-repressing genes encoding transcription factors ( TFs ) ; in one model ( the exclusive switch ) , they mutually exclude each other 's binding , while in the other model ( general switch ) the two transcription factors can bind simultaneously to the shared operator region . We assess the role of two pairs of reactions that influence the stability of these switches : TF-TF homodimerisation and TF-DNA association/dissociation . We factorise the flipping rate k into the product of the probability rho ( q* ) of finding the system at the dividing surface ( separatrix ) between the two stable states , and a kinetic prefactor R. In the case of the exclusive switch , the rate of TF-operator binding affects both rho ( q* ) and R , while the rate of TF dimerisation affects only R. In the case of the general switch both TF-operator binding and TF dimerisation affect k , R and rho ( q* ) . To elucidate this , we analyse the transition state ensemble ( TSE ) . For the exclusive switch , varying the rate of TF-operator binding can drastically change the pathway of switching , while changing the rate of dimerisation changes the switching rate without altering the mechanism . The switching pathways of the general switch are highly robust to changes in the rate constants of both TF-operator and TF-TF binding , even though these rate constants do affect the flipping rate ; this feature is unique for non-equilibrium systems .
0711.4504	q-bio.QM q-bio.BM	Anomalous fluctuations in sliding motion of cytoskeletal filament driven by molecular motors : Model simulations	It has been found in in vitro experiments that cytoskeletal filaments driven by molecular motors show finite diffusion in sliding motion even in the long filament limit [ Y. Imafuku et al. , Biophys . J . 70 ( 1996 ) 878-886 ; N. Noda et al. , Biophys . 1 ( 2005 ) 45-53 ] . This anomalous fluctuation can be an evidence for cooperativity among the motors in action because fluctuation should be averaged out for a long filament if the action of each motor is independent . In order to understand the nature of the fluctuation in molecular motors , we perform numerical simulations and analyse velocity correlation in three existing models that are known to show some kind of cooperativity and/or large diffusion coefficient , i.e . Sekimoto-Tawada model [ K. Sekimoto and K. Tawada , Phys . Rev . Lett . 75 ( 1995 ) 180 ] , Prost model [ J. Prost et al. , Phys . Rev . Lett . 72 ( 1994 ) 2652 ] , and Duke model [ T. Duke , Proc . Natl . Acad . Sci . USA , 96 ( 1999 ) 2770 ] . It is shown that Prost model and Duke model do not give a finite diffusion in the long filament limit in spite of collective action of motors . On the other hand , Sekimoto-Tawada model has been shown to give the diffusion coefficient that is independent of filament length , but it comes from the long time correlation whose time scale is proportional to filament length , and our simulations show that such a long correlation time conflicts with the experimental time scales . We conclude that none of the three models do not represent experimental findings . In order to explain the observed anomalous diffusion , we have to seek for the mechanism that should allow both the amplitude and the time scale of the velocity correlation to be independent of the filament length .
0711.4512	q-bio.QM q-bio.MN	Eliminating fast reactions in stochastic simulations of biochemical networks : a bistable genetic switch	In many stochastic simulations of biochemical reaction networks , it is desirable to `` coarse-grain '' the reaction set , removing fast reactions while retaining the correct system dynamics . Various coarse-graining methods have been proposed , but it remains unclear which methods are reliable and which reactions can safely be eliminated . We address these issues for a model gene regulatory network that is particularly sensitive to dynamical fluctuations : a bistable genetic switch . We remove protein-DNA and/or protein-protein association-dissociation reactions from the reaction set , using various coarse-graining strategies . We determine the effects on the steady-state probability distribution function and on the rate of fluctuation-driven switch flipping transitions . We find that protein-protein interactions may be safely eliminated from the reaction set , but protein-DNA interactions may not . We also find that it is important to use the chemical master equation rather than macroscopic rate equations to compute effective propensity functions for the coarse-grained reactions .
