0705.4427	q-bio.PE	Simulation of Demographic Change in Palestinian Territories	Mortality , birth rates and retirement play a major role in demographic changes . In most cases , mortality rates decreased in the past century without noticeable decrease in fertility rates , this leads to a significant increase in population growth . In many poor countries like Palestinian territories the number of births has fallen and the life expectancy increased . In this article we concentrate on measuring , analyzing and extrapolating the age structure in Palestine a few decades ago into future . A Fortran program has been designed and used for the simulation and analysis of our statistical data . This study of demographic change in Palestine has shown that Palestinians will have in future problems as the strongest age cohorts are the above-60-year olds . We therefore recommend the increase of both the retirement age and women employment .
0705.4429	q-bio.OT q-bio.QM	A successive sub-grouping method for multiple sequence alignments analysis	A novel approach to protein multiple sequence alignment is discussed : substantially this method counterparts with substitution matrix based methods ( like Blosum or PAM based methods ) , and implies a more deterministic approach to chemical/physical sub-grouping of amino acids . Amino acids ( aa ) are divided into sub-groups with successive derivations , that result in a clustering based on the considered property . The properties can be user defined or chosen between default schemes , like those used in the analysis described here . Starting from an initial set of the 20 naturally occurring amino acids , they are successively divided on the basis of their polarity/hydrophobic index , with increasing resolution up to four level of subdivision . Other schemes of subdivision are possible : in this thesis work it was employed also a scheme based on physical/structural properties ( solvent exposure , lateral chain mobility and secondary structure tendency ) , that have been compared to the chemical scheme with testing purposes . In the method described in this chapter , the total score for each position in the alignment accounts for different degree of similarity between amino acids . The scoring value result form the contribution of each level of selectivity for every individual property considered . Simply the method ( called M_Al ) analyse the n sequence alignment position per position and assigns a score which have contributes by aa identity plus a composed valuation of the chemical or of the structural affinity between the n aligned amino acids . This method has been implemented in a series of programs written in python language ; these programs have been tested in some biological cases , with benchmark purposes .
