0711.4208	q-bio.QM	Towards Structural Classification of Proteins based on Contact Map Overlap	A multitude of measures have been proposed to quantify the similarity between protein 3-D structure . Among these measures , contact map overlap ( CMO ) maximization deserved sustained attention during past decade because it offers a fine estimation of the natural homology relation between proteins . Despite this large involvement of the bioinformatics and computer science community , the performance of known algorithms remains modest . Due to the complexity of the problem , they got stuck on relatively small instances and are not applicable for large scale comparison . This paper offers a clear improvement over past methods in this respect . We present a new integer programming model for CMO and propose an exact B & B algorithm with bounds computed by solving Lagrangian relaxation . The efficiency of the approach is demonstrated on a popular small benchmark ( Skolnick set , 40 domains ) . On this set our algorithm significantly outperforms the best existing exact algorithms , and yet provides lower and upper bounds of better quality . Some hard CMO instances have been solved for the first time and within reasonable time limits . From the values of the running time and the relative gap ( relative difference between upper and lower bounds ) , we obtained the right classification for this test . These encouraging result led us to design a harder benchmark to better assess the classification capability of our approach . We constructed a large scale set of 300 protein domains ( a subset of ASTRAL database ) that we have called Proteus 300 . Using the relative gap of any of the 44850 couples as a similarity measure , we obtained a classification in very good agreement with SCOP . Our algorithm provides thus a powerful classification tool for large structure databases .
0711.4262	q-bio.QM q-bio.SC	Toward a quantitative analysis of virus and plasmid trafficking in cells	Intracellular transport of DNA carriers is a fundamental step of gene delivery . We present here a theoretical approach to study generically a single virus or DNA particle trafficking in a cell cytoplasm . Cellular trafficking has been studied experimentally mostly at the macroscopic level , but very little has been done so far at the microscopic level . We present here a physical model to account for certain aspects of cellular organization , starting with the observation that a viral particle trajectory consists of epochs of pure diffusion and epochs of active transport along microtubules . We define a general degradation rate to describe the limitations of the delivery of plasmid or viral particles to the nucleus imposed by various types of direct and indirect hydrolysis activity inside the cytoplasm . Following a homogenization procedure , which consists of replacing the switching dynamics by a single steady state stochastic description , not only can we study the spatio-temporal dynamics of moving objects in the cytosol , but also estimate the probability and the mean time to go from the cell membrane to a nuclear pore . Computational simulations confirm that our model can be used to analyze and interpret viral trajectories and estimate quantitatively the success of nuclear delivery .
0711.4344	q-bio.BM	DNA duplex cage structures with icosahedral symmetry	A construction method for duplex cage structures with icosahedral sym- metry made out of single-stranded DNA molecules is presented and applied to an icosidodecahedral cage . It is shown via a mixture of analytic and computer techniques that there exist realisations of this graph in terms of two circular DNA molecules . These blueprints for the organisation of a cage structure with a noncrystallographic symmetry may assist in the design of containers made from DNA for applications in nanotechnology .
0711.4498	q-bio.CB q-bio.QM q-bio.TO	Flow-correlated dilution of a regular network leads to a percolating network during tumor induced angiogenesis	We study a simplified stochastic model for the vascularization of a growing tumor , incorporating the formation of new blood vessels at the tumor periphery as well as their regression in the tumor center . The resulting morphology of the tumor vasculature differs drastically from the original one . We demonstrate that the probabilistic vessel collapse has to be correlated with the blood shear force in order to yield percolating network structures . The resulting tumor vasculature displays fractal properties . Fractal dimension , microvascular density ( MVD ) , blood flow and shear force has been computed for a wide range of parameters .
