0708.2594	q-bio.NC	Molecular Aspect of Annelid Neuroendocrine system	Hormonal processes along with enzymatic processing similar to that found in vertebrates occur in annelids . Amino acid sequence determination of annelids precursor gene products reveals the presence of the respective peptides that exhibit high sequence identity to their mammalian counterparts . Furthermore , these neuropeptides exert similar physiological function in annelids than the ones found in vertebrates . In this respect , the high conservation in course of evolution of these molecules families reflects their importance . Nevertheless , some specific neuropeptides to annelids or invertebrates have also been in these animals .
0708.2647	q-bio.PE cond-mat.stat-mech	Mirror symmetry breaking as a problem in dynamical critical phenomena	The critical properties of the Frank model of spontaneous chiral synthesis are discussed by applying results from the field theoretic renormalization group ( RG ) . The long time and long wavelength features of this microscopic reaction scheme belong to the same universality class as multi-colored directed percolation processes . Thus , the following RG fixed points ( FP ) govern the critical dynamics of the Frank model for d < 4 : one unstable FP that corresponds to complete decoupling between the two enantiomers , a saddle-point that corresponds to symmetric interspecies coupling , and two stable FPs that individually correspond to unidirectional couplings between the two chiral molecules . These latter two FPs are associated with the breakdown of mirror or chiral symmetry . In this simplified model of molecular synthesis , homochirality is a natural consequence of the intrinsic reaction noise in the critical regime , which corresponds to extremely dilute chemical systems .
0708.2707	q-bio.MN cond-mat.dis-nn nlin.AO physics.bio-ph	Learning and innovative elements of strategy adoption rules expand cooperative network topologies	Cooperation plays a key role in the evolution of complex systems . However , the level of cooperation extensively varies with the topology of agent networks in the widely used models of repeated games . Here we show that cooperation remains rather stable by applying the reinforcement learning strategy adoption rule , Q-learning on a variety of random , regular , small-word , scale-free and modular network models in repeated , multi-agent Prisoners Dilemma and Hawk-Dove games . Furthermore , we found that using the above model systems other long-term learning strategy adoption rules also promote cooperation , while introducing a low level of noise ( as a model of innovation ) to the strategy adoption rules makes the level of cooperation less dependent on the actual network topology . Our results demonstrate that long-term learning and random elements in the strategy adoption rules , when acting together , extend the range of network topologies enabling the development of cooperation at a wider range of costs and temptations . These results suggest that a balanced duo of learning and innovation may help to preserve cooperation during the re-organization of real-world networks , and may play a prominent role in the evolution of self-organizing , complex systems .
