0710.3258	q-bio.PE	Worst-case optimal approximation algorithms for maximizing triplet consistency within phylogenetic networks	This article concerns the following question arising in computational evolutionary biology . For a given subclass of phylogenetic networks , what is the maximum value of 0 < = p < = 1 such that for every input set T of rooted triplets , there exists some network N ( T ) from the subclass such that at least p|T| of the triplets are consistent with N ( T ) ? Here we prove that the set containing all triplets ( the full triplet set ) in some sense defines p , and moreover that any network N achieving fraction p ' for the full triplet set can be converted in polynomial time into an isomorphic network N ' ( T ) achieving > = p ' for an arbitrary triplet set T. We demonstrate the power of this result for the field of phylogenetics by giving worst-case optimal algorithms for level-1 phylogenetic networks ( a much-studied extension of phylogenetic trees ) , improving considerably upon the 5/12 fraction obtained recently by Jansson , Nguyen and Sung . For level-2 phylogenetic networks we show that p > = 0.61 . We note that all the results in this article also apply to weighted triplet sets .
0710.3278	q-bio.PE	Package models and the information crisis of prebiotic evolution	The coexistence between different types of templates has been the choice solution to the information crisis of prebiotic evolution , triggered by the finding that a single RNA-like template can not carry enough information to code for any useful replicase . In principle , confining $ d $ distinct templates of length $ L $ in a package or protocell , whose survival depends on the coexistence of the templates it holds in , could resolve this crisis provided that $ d $ is made sufficiently large . Here we review the prototypical package model of Niesert et al . 1981 which guarantees the greatest possible region of viability of the protocell population , and show that this model , and hence the entire package approach , does not resolve the information crisis . This is so because to secure survival the total information content of the protocell , $ Ld $ , must tend to a constant value that depends only on the spontaneous error rate per nucleotide of the template replication mechanism . As a result , an increase of $ d $ must be followed by a decrease of $ L $ to ensure the protocell viability , so that the net information gain is null .
0710.3420	q-bio.PE	Time Evolution of Disease Spread on Networks with Degree Heterogeneity	Two crucial elements facilitate the understanding and control of communicable disease spread within a social setting . These components are , the underlying contact structure among individuals that determines the pattern of disease transmission ; and the evolution of this pattern over time . Mathematical models of infectious diseases , which are in principle analytically tractable , use two general approaches to incorporate these elements . The first approach , generally known as compartmental modeling , addresses the time evolution of disease spread at the expense of simplifying the pattern of transmission . On the other hand , the second approach uses network theory to incorporate detailed information pertaining to the underlying contact structure among individuals . However , while providing accurate estimates on the final size of outbreaks/epidemics , this approach , in its current formalism , disregards the progression of time during outbreaks . So far , the only alternative that enables the integration of both aspects of disease spread simultaneously has been to abandon the analytical approach and rely on computer simulations . We offer a new analytical framework based on percolation theory , which incorporates both the complexity of contact network structure and the time progression of disease spread . Furthermore , we demonstrate that this framework is equally effective on finite- and `` infinite '' -size networks . Application of this formalism is not limited to disease spread ; it can be equally applied to similar percolation phenomena on networks in other areas in science and technology .
0710.3421	q-bio.MN	Modular model building	Mathematical models are increasingly used in both academia and the pharmaceutical industry to understand how phenotypes emerge from systems of molecular interactions . However , their current construction as monolithic sets of equations presents a fundamental barrier to progress . Overcoming this requires modularity , enabling sub-systems to be specified independently and combined incrementally , and abstraction , enabling general properties to be specified independently of specific instances . These in turn require models to be represented as programs rather than as datatypes . Programmable modularity and abstraction enables libraries of modules to be created for generic biological processes , which can be instantiated and re-used repeatedly in different contexts with different components . We have developed a computational infrastructure to support this . We show here why these capabilities are needed , what is required to implement them and what can be accomplished with them that could not be done previously .
