0704.3619	q-bio.NC physics.soc-ph	Predicting the connectivity of primate cortical networks from topological and spatial node properties	The organization of the connectivity between mammalian cortical areas has become a major subject of study , because of its important role in scaffolding the macroscopic aspects of animal behavior and intelligence . In this study we present a computational reconstruction approach to the problem of network organization , by considering the topological and spatial features of each area in the primate cerebral cortex as subsidy for the reconstruction of the global cortical network connectivity . Starting with all areas being disconnected , pairs of areas with similar sets of features are linked together , in an attempt to recover the original network structure . Inferring primate cortical connectivity from the properties of the nodes , remarkably good reconstructions of the global network organization could be obtained , with the topological features allowing slightly superior accuracy to the spatial ones . Analogous reconstruction attempts for the C. elegans neuronal network resulted in substantially poorer recovery , indicating that cortical area interconnections are relatively stronger related to the considered topological and spatial properties than neuronal projections in the nematode . The close relationship between area-based features and global connectivity may hint on developmental rules and constraints for cortical networks . Particularly , differences between the predictions from topological and spatial properties , together with the poorer recovery resulting from spatial properties , indicate that the organization of cortical networks is not entirely determined by spatial constraints .
0704.3639	q-bio.SC cond-mat.stat-mech	Fundamental Limits to Position Determination by Concentration Gradients	Position determination in biological systems is often achieved through protein concentration gradients . Measuring the local concentration of such a protein with a spatially-varying distribution allows the measurement of position within the system . In order for these systems to work effectively , position determination must be robust to noise . Here , we calculate fundamental limits to the precision of position determination by concentration gradients due to unavoidable biochemical noise perturbing the gradients . We focus on gradient proteins with first order reaction kinetics . Systems of this type have been experimentally characterised in both developmental and cell biology settings . For a single gradient we show that , through time-averaging , great precision can potentially be achieved even with very low protein copy numbers . As a second example , we investigate the ability of a system with oppositely directed gradients to find its centre . With this mechanism , positional precision close to the centre improves more slowly with increasing averaging time , and so longer averaging times or higher copy numbers are required for high precision . For both single and double gradients , we demonstrate the existence of optimal length scales for the gradients , where precision is maximized , as well as analyzing how precision depends on the size of the concentration measuring apparatus . Our results provide fundamental constraints on the positional precision supplied by concentration gradients in various contexts , including both in developmental biology and also within a single cell .
0704.3640	q-bio.QM cond-mat.dis-nn math.DS nlin.CD	Linked by Loops : Network Structure and Switch Integration in Complex Dynamical Systems	Simple nonlinear dynamical systems with multiple stable stationary states are often taken as models for switchlike biological systems . This paper considers the interaction of multiple such simple multistable systems when they are embedded together into a larger dynamical `` supersystem . '' Attention is focused on the network structure of the resulting set of coupled differential equations , and the consequences of this structure on the propensity of the embedded switches to act independently versus cooperatively . Specifically , it is argued that both larger average and larger variance of the node degree distribution lead to increased switch independence . Given the frequency of empirical observations of high variance degree distributions ( e.g. , power-law ) in biological networks , it is suggested that the results presented here may aid in identifying switch-integrating subnetworks as comparatively homogenous , low-degree , substructures . Potential applications to ecological problems such as the relationship of stability and complexity are also briefly discussed .
