0707.0245	q-bio.NC	Relating Neural Dynamics to Neural Coding	We demonstrate that two key theoretical objects used widely in Computational Neuroscience , the phase-resetting curve ( PRC ) from dynamics and the spike triggered average ( STA ) from statistical analysis , are closely related under a wide range of stimulus conditions . We prove that the STA is proportional to the derivative of the PRC . We compare these analytic results to numerical calculations for the Hodgkin-Huxley neuron and we apply the method to neurons in the olfactory bulb of mice . This observation allows us to relate the stimulus-response properties of a neuron to its dynamics , bridging the gap between dynamical and information theoretic approaches to understanding brain computations and facilitating the interpretation of changes in channels and other cellular properties as influencing the representation of stimuli .
0707.0309	q-bio.NC cond-mat.dis-nn cond-mat.stat-mech nlin.CG physics.bio-ph	Dynamic range of hypercubic stochastic excitable media	We study the response properties of d-dimensional hypercubic excitable networks to a stochastic stimulus . Each site , modelled either by a three-state stochastic susceptible-infected-recovered-susceptible system or by the probabilistic Greenberg-Hastings cellular automaton , is continuously and independently stimulated by an external Poisson rate h. The response function ( mean density of active sites rho versus h ) is obtained via simulations ( for d=1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ) and mean field approximations at the single-site and pair levels ( for all d ) . In any dimension , the dynamic range of the response function is maximized precisely at the nonequilibrium phase transition to self-sustained activity , in agreement with a reasoning recently proposed . Moreover , the maximum dynamic range attained at a given dimension d is a decreasing function of d .
0707.0329	q-bio.PE	Expected Anomalies in the Fossil Record	The problem of intermediates in the fossil record has been frequently discussed ever since Darwin . The extent of `gaps ' ( missing transitional stages ) has been used to argue against gradual evolution from a common ancestor . Traditionally , gaps have often been explained by the improbability of fossilization and the discontinuous selection of found fossils . Here we take an analytical approach and demonstrate why , under certain sampling conditions , we may not expect intermediates to be found . Using a simple null model , we show mathematically that the question of whether a taxon sampled from some time in the past is likely to be morphologically intermediate to other samples ( dated earlier and later ) depends on the shape and dimensions of the underlying phylogenetic tree that connects the taxa , and the times from which the fossils are sampled .
