0705.1548	q-bio.OT	Dimensionality and dynamics in the behavior of C. elegans	A major challenge in analyzing animal behavior is to discover some underlying simplicity in complex motor actions . Here we show that the space of shapes adopted by the nematode C. elegans is surprisingly low dimensional , with just four dimensions accounting for 95 % of the shape variance , and we partially reconstruct `` equations of motion '' for the dynamics in this space . These dynamics have multiple attractors , and we find that the worm visits these in a rapid and almost completely deterministic response to weak thermal stimuli . Stimulus-dependent correlations among the different modes suggest that one can generate more reliable behaviors by synchronizing stimuli to the state of the worm in shape space . We confirm this prediction , effectively `` steering '' the worm in real time .
0705.1656	q-bio.GN	Chromatin Folding in Relation to Human Genome Function	Three-dimensional ( 3D ) chromatin structure is closely related to genome function , in particular transcription . However , the folding path of the chromatin fiber in the interphase nucleus is unknown . Here , we systematically measured the 3D physical distance between pairwise labeled genomic positions in gene-dense , highly transcribed domains and gene-poor less active areas on chromosomes 1 and 11 in G1 nuclei of human primary fibroblasts , using fluorescence in situ hybridization . Interpretation of our results and those published by others , based on polymer physics , shows that the folding of the chromatin fiber can be described as a polymer in a globular state ( GS ) , maintained by intra-polymer attractive interactions that counteract self-avoidance forces . The GS polymer model is able to describe chromatin folding in as well the highly expressed domains as the lowly expressed ones , indicating that they differ in Kuhn length and chromatin compaction . Each type of genomic domain constitutes an ensemble of relatively compact globular folding states , resulting in a considerable cellto- cell variation between otherwise identical cells . We present evidence for different polymer folding regimes of the chromatin fiber on the length scale of a few mega base pairs and on that of complete chromosome arms ( several tens of Mb ) . Our results present a novel view on the folding of the chromatin fiber in interphase and open the possibility to explore the nature of the intra-chromatin fiber interactions .
