0707.3606	q-bio.BM cond-mat.soft	How a protein searches for its specific site on DNA : the role of intersegment transfer	Proteins are known to locate their specific targets on DNA up to two orders of magnitude faster than predicted by the Smoluchowski three-dimensional diffusion rate . One of the mechanisms proposed to resolve this discrepancy is termed `` intersegment transfer '' . Many proteins have two DNA binding sites and can transfer from one DNA segment to another without dissociation to water . We calculate the target search rate for such proteins in a dense globular DNA , taking into account intersegment transfer working in conjunction with DNA motion and protein sliding along DNA . We show that intersegment transfer plays a very important role in cases where the protein spends most of its time adsorbed on DNA .
0707.3642	q-bio.OT q-bio.QM	Mutual information in random Boolean models of regulatory networks	The amount of mutual information contained in time series of two elements gives a measure of how well their activities are coordinated . In a large , complex network of interacting elements , such as a genetic regulatory network within a cell , the average of the mutual information over all pairs < I > is a global measure of how well the system can coordinate its internal dynamics . We study this average pairwise mutual information in random Boolean networks ( RBNs ) as a function of the distribution of Boolean rules implemented at each element , assuming that the links in the network are randomly placed . Efficient numerical methods for calculating < I > show that as the number of network nodes N approaches infinity , the quantity N < I > exhibits a discontinuity at parameter values corresponding to critical RBNs . For finite systems it peaks near the critical value , but slightly in the disordered regime for typical parameter variations . The source of high values of N < I > is the indirect correlations between pairs of elements from different long chains with a common starting point . The contribution from pairs that are directly linked approaches zero for critical networks and peaks deep in the disordered regime .
