0705.1389	q-bio.MN q-bio.QM	Effects of the DNA state fluctuation on single-cell dynamics of self-regulating gene	A dynamical mean-field theory is developed to analyze stochastic single-cell dynamics of gene expression . By explicitly taking account of nonequilibrium and nonadiabatic features of the DNA state fluctuation , two-time correlation functions and response functions of single-cell dynamics are derived . The method is applied to a self-regulating gene to predict a rich variety of dynamical phenomena such as anomalous increase of relaxation time and oscillatory decay of correlations . Effective `` temperature '' defined as the ratio of the correlation to the response in the protein number is small when the DNA state change is frequent , while it grows large when the DNA state change is infrequent , indicating the strong enhancement of noise in the latter case .
0705.1445	q-bio.SC q-bio.CB	Multipolar Reactive DPD : A Novel Tool for Spatially Resolved Systems Biology	This article reports about a novel extension of dissipative particle dynamics ( DPD ) that allows the study of the collective dynamics of complex chemical and structural systems in a spatially resolved manner with a combinatorially complex variety of different system constituents . We show that introducing multipolar interactions between particles leads to extended membrane structures emerging in a self-organized manner and exhibiting both the necessary mechanical stability for transport and fluidity so as to provide a two-dimensional self-organizing dynamic reaction environment for kinetic studies in the context of cell biology . We further show that the emergent dynamics of extended membrane bound objects is in accordance with scaling laws imposed by physics .
0705.1460	q-bio.PE q-bio.OT	Evolving inductive generalization via genetic self-assembly	We propose that genetic encoding of self-assembling components greatly enhances the evolution of complex systems and provides an efficient platform for inductive generalization , i.e . the inductive derivation of a solution to a problem with a potentially infinite number of instances from a limited set of test examples . We exemplify this in simulations by evolving scalable circuitry for several problems . One of them , digital multiplication , has been intensively studied in recent years , where hitherto the evolutionary design of only specific small multipliers was achieved . The fact that this and other problems can be solved in full generality employing self-assembly sheds light on the evolutionary role of self-assembly in biology and is of relevance for the design of complex systems in nano- and bionanotechnology .
0705.1490	q-bio.BM q-bio.QM	A three-state prediction of single point mutations on protein stability changes	A basic question of protein structural studies is to which extent mutations affect the stability . This question may be addressed starting from sequence and/or from structure . In proteomics and genomics studies prediction of protein stability free energy change ( DDG ) upon single point mutation may also help the annotation process . The experimental SSG values are affected by uncertainty as measured by standard deviations . Most of the DDG values are nearly zero ( about 32 % of the DDG data set ranges from -0.5 to 0.5 Kcal/mol ) and both the value and sign of DDG may be either positive or negative for the same mutation blurring the relationship among mutations and expected DDG value . In order to overcome this problem we describe a new predictor that discriminates between 3 mutation classes : destabilizing mutations ( DDG < -0.5 Kcal/mol ) , stabilizing mutations ( DDG > 0.5 Kcal/mol ) and neutral mutations ( -0.5 < =DDG < =0.5 Kcal/mol ) . In this paper a support vector machine starting from the protein sequence or structure discriminates between stabilizing , destabilizing and neutral mutations . We rank all the possible substitutions according to a three state classification system and show that the overall accuracy of our predictor is as high as 52 % when performed starting from sequence information and 58 % when the protein structure is available , with a mean value correlation coefficient of 0.30 and 0.39 , respectively . These values are about 20 points per cent higher than those of a random predictor .
0705.1523	q-bio.PE cond-mat.dis-nn cond-mat.stat-mech	Statistical mechanics and stability of a model eco-system	We study a model ecosystem by means of dynamical techniques from disordered systems theory . The model describes a set of species subject to competitive interactions through a background of resources , which they feed upon . Additionally direct competitive or co-operative interaction between species may occur through a random coupling matrix . We compute the order parameters of the system in a fixed point regime , and identify the onset of instability and compute the phase diagram . We focus on the effects of variability of resources , direct interaction between species , co-operation pressure and dilution on the stability and the diversity of the ecosystem . It is shown that resources can be exploited optimally only in absence of co-operation pressure or direct interaction between species .
0705.1535	q-bio.QM	Visual Data Mining of Genomic Databases by Immersive Graph-Based Exploration	Biologists are leading current research on genome characterization ( sequencing , alignment , transcription ) , providing a huge quantity of raw data about many genome organisms . Extracting knowledge from this raw data is an important process for biologists , using usually data mining approaches . However , it is difficult to deals with these genomic information using actual bioinformatics data mining tools , because data are heterogeneous , huge in quantity and geographically distributed . In this paper , we present a new approach between data mining and virtual reality visualization , called visual data mining . Indeed Virtual Reality becomes ripe , with efficient display devices and intuitive interaction in an immersive context . Moreover , biologists use to work with 3D representation of their molecules , but in a desktop context . We present a software solution , Genome3DExplorer , which addresses the problem of genomic data visualization , of scene management and interaction . This solution is based on a well-adapted graphical and interaction paradigm , where local and global topological characteristics of data are easily visible , on the contrary to traditional genomic database browsers , always focused on the zoom and details level .
