0705.3724	q-bio.PE cond-mat.stat-mech nlin.PS q-bio.OT	Resonance and frequency-locking phenomena in spatially extended phytoplankton-zooplankton system with additive noise and periodic forces	In this paper , we present a spatial version of phytoplankton-zooplankton model that includes some important factors such as external periodic forces , noise , and diffusion processes . The spatially extended phytoplankton-zooplankton system is from the original study by Scheffer [ M Scheffer , Fish and nutrients interplay determines algal biomass : a minimal model , Oikos \textbf { 62 } ( 1991 ) 271-282 ] . Our results show that the spatially extended system exhibit a resonant patterns and frequency-locking phenomena . The system also shows that the noise and the external periodic forces play a constructive role in the Scheffer 's model : first , the noise can enhance the oscillation of phytoplankton species ' density and format a large clusters in the space when the noise intensity is within certain interval . Second , the external periodic forces can induce 4:1 and 1:1 frequency-locking and spatially homogeneous oscillation phenomena to appear . Finally , the resonant patterns are observed in the system when the spatial noises and external periodic forces are both turned on . Moreover , we found that the 4:1 frequency-locking transform into 1:1 frequency-locking when the noise intensity increased . In addition to elucidating our results outside the domain of Turing instability , we provide further analysis of Turing linear stability with the help of the numerical calculation by using the Maple software . Significantly , oscillations are enhanced in the system when the noise term presents . These results indicate that the oceanic plankton bloom may partly due to interplay between the stochastic factors and external forces instead of deterministic factors . These results also may help us to understand the effects arising from undeniable subject to random fluctuations in oceanic plankton bloom .
0705.3759	q-bio.NC	A modified cable formalism for modeling neuronal membranes at high frequencies	Intracellular recordings of cortical neurons in vivo display intense subthreshold membrane potential ( Vm ) activity . The power spectral density ( PSD ) of the Vm displays a power-law structure at high frequencies ( > 50 Hz ) with a slope of about -2.5 . This type of frequency scaling can not be accounted for by traditional models , as either single-compartment models or models based on reconstructed cell morphologies display a frequency scaling with a slope close to -4 . This slope is due to the fact that the membrane resistance is '' short-circuited '' by the capacitance for high frequencies , a situation which may not be realistic . Here , we integrate non-ideal capacitors in cable equations to reflect the fact that the capacitance can not be charged instantaneously . We show that the resulting `` non-ideal '' cable model can be solved analytically using Fourier transforms . Numerical simulations using a ball-and-stick model yield membrane potential activity with similar frequency scaling as in the experiments . We also discuss the consequences of using non-ideal capacitors on other cellular properties such as the transmission of high frequencies , which is boosted in non-ideal cables , or voltage attenuation in dendrites . These results suggest that cable equations based on non-ideal capacitors should be used to capture the behavior of neuronal membranes at high frequencies .
0705.3869	q-bio.BM q-bio.PE	A first-principles model of early evolution : Emergence of gene families , species and preferred protein folds	In this work we develop a microscopic physical model of early evolution , where phenotype , organism life expectancy , is directly related to genotype , the stability of its proteins in their native conformations which can be determined exactly in the model . Simulating the model on a computer , we consistently observe the Big Bang scenario whereby exponential population growth ensues as soon as favorable sequence-structure combinations ( precursors of stable proteins ) are discovered . Upon that , random diversity of the structural space abruptly collapses into a small set of preferred proteins . We observe that protein folds remain stable and abundant in the population at time scales much greater than mutation or organism lifetime , and the distribution of the lifetimes of dominant folds in a population approximately follows a power law . The separation of evolutionary time scales between discovery of new folds and generation of new sequences gives rise to emergence of protein families and superfamilies whose sizes are power-law distributed , closely matching the same distributions for real proteins . On the population level we observe emergence of species , subpopulations which carry similar genomes . Further we present a simple theory that relates stability of evolving proteins to the sizes of emerging genomes . Together , these results provide a microscopic first principles picture of how first gene families developed in the course of early evolution
