0710.2739	q-bio.PE	The look-ahead effect of phenotypic mutations	The evolution of complex molecular traits such as disulphide bridges often requires multiple mutations . The intermediate steps in such evolutionary trajectories are likely to be selectively neutral or deleterious . Therefore , large populations and long times may be required to evolve such traits . We propose that errors in transcription and translation may allow selection for the intermediate mutations if the final trait provides a large enough selective advantage . We test this hypothesis using a population based model of protein evolution . If an individual acquires one of two mutations needed for a novel trait , the second mutation can be introduced into the phenotype due to transcription and translation errors . If the novel trait is advantageous enough , the allele with only one mutation will spread through the population , even though the gene sequence does not yet code for the complete trait . The first mutation then has a higher frequency than expected without phenotypic mutations giving the second mutation a higher probability of fixation . Thus , errors allow protein sequences to ''look-ahead '' for a more direct path to a complex trait .
0710.2808	q-bio.QM	Identification of specificity determining residues in enzymes using environment specific substitution tables	Environment specific substitution tables have been used effectively for distinguishing structural and functional constraints on proteins and thereby identify their active sites ( Chelliah et al . ( 2004 ) ) . This work explores whether a similar approach can be used to identify specificity determining residues ( SDRs ) responsible for cofactor dependence , substrate specificity or subtle catalytic variations . We combine structure-sequence information and functional annotation from various data sources to create structural alignments for homologous enzymes and functional partitions therein . We develop a scoring procedure to predict SDRs and assess their accuracy using information from bound specific ligands and published literature .
