0709.1874	q-bio.PE	A two-phase approach for detecting recombination in nucleotide sequences	Genetic recombination can produce heterogeneous phylogenetic histories within a set of homologous genes . Delineating recombination events is important in the study of molecular evolution , as inference of such events provides a clearer picture of the phylogenetic relationships among different gene sequences or genomes . Nevertheless , detecting recombination events can be a daunting task , as the performance of different recombinationdetecting approaches can vary , depending on evolutionary events that take place after recombination . We recently evaluated the effects of postrecombination events on the prediction accuracy of recombination-detecting approaches using simulated nucleotide sequence data . The main conclusion , supported by other studies , is that one should not depend on a single method when searching for recombination events . In this paper , we introduce a two-phase strategy , applying three statistical measures to detect the occurrence of recombination events , and a Bayesian phylogenetic approach in delineating breakpoints of such events in nucleotide sequences . We evaluate the performance of these approaches using simulated data , and demonstrate the applicability of this strategy to empirical data . The two-phase strategy proves to be time-efficient when applied to large datasets , and yields high-confidence results .
0709.1916	q-bio.PE cond-mat.stat-mech	Interaction Ruling Animal Collective Behaviour Depends on Topological rather than Metric Distance : Evidence from a Field Study	Numerical models indicate that collective animal behaviour may emerge from simple local rules of interaction among the individuals . However , very little is known about the nature of such interaction , so that models and theories mostly rely on aprioristic assumptions . By reconstructing the three-dimensional position of individual birds in airborne flocks of few thousands members , we prove that the interaction does not depend on the metric distance , as most current models and theories assume , but rather on the topological distance . In fact , we discover that each bird interacts on average with a fixed number of neighbours ( six-seven ) , rather than with all neighbours within a fixed metric distance . We argue that a topological interaction is indispensable to maintain flock 's cohesion against the large density changes caused by external perturbations , typically predation . We support this hypothesis by numerical simulations , showing that a topological interaction grants significantly higher cohesion of the aggregation compared to a standard metric one .
0709.1947	q-bio.NC	Extreme Synergy in a Retinal Code : Spatiotemporal Correlations Enable Rapid Image Reconstruction	Over the brief time intervals available for processing retinal output , roughly 50 to 300 msec , the number of extra spikes generated by individual ganglion cells can be quite variable . Here , computer-generated spike trains were used to investigate how signal/noise might be improved by utilizing spatiotemporal correlations among retinal neurons responding to large , contiguous stimuli . Realistic correlations were produced by modulating the instantaneous firing probabilities of all stimulated neurons by a common oscillatory input whose amplitude and temporal structure were consistent with experimentally measured field potentials and correlograms . Whereas previous studies have typically measured synergy between pairs of ganglion cells examined one at a time , or alternatively have employed optimized linear filters to decode activity across larger populations , the present study investigated a distributed , non-linear encoding strategy by using Principal Components Analysis ( PCA ) to reconstruct simple visual stimuli from up to one million oscillatory pairwise correlations extracted on single trials from massively-parallel spike trains as short as 25 msec in duration . By integrating signals across retinal neighborhoods commensurate in size to classical antagonistic surrounds , the first principal component of the pairwise correlation matrix yielded dramatic improvements in signal/noise without sacrificing fine spatial detail . These results demonstrate how local intensity information can distributed across hundreds of neurons linked by a common , stimulus-dependent oscillatory modulation , a strategy that might have evolved to minimize the number of spikes required to support rapid image reconstruction .
