0710.4398	q-bio.GN cond-mat.stat-mech	Thermodynamics of DNA loops with long-range correlated structural disorder	We study the influence of a structural disorder on the thermodynamical properties of 2D-elastic chains submitted to mechanical/topological constraint as loops . The disorder is introduced via a spontaneous curvature whose distribution along the chain presents either no correlation or long-range correlations ( LRC ) . The equilibrium properties of the one-loop system are derived numerically and analytically for weak disorder . LRC are shown to favor the formation of small loop , larger the LRC , smaller the loop size . We use the mean first passage time formalism to show that the typical short time loop dynamics is superdiffusive in the presence of LRC . Potential biological implications on nucleosome positioning and dynamics in eukaryotic chromatin are discussed .
0710.4475	q-bio.BM	Twist solitons in complex macromolecules : from DNA to polyethylene	DNA torsion dynamics is essential in the transcription process ; simple models for it have been proposed by several authors , in particular Yakushevich ( Y model ) . These are strongly related to models of DNA separation dynamics such as the one first proposed by Peyrard and Bishop ( and developed by Dauxois , Barbi , Cocco and Monasson among others ) , but support topological solitons . We recently developed a `` composite '' version of the Y model , in which the sugar-phosphate group and the base are described by separate degrees of freedom . This at the same time fits experimental data better than the simple Y model , and shows dynamical phenomena , which are of interest beyond DNA dynamics . Of particular relevance are the mechanism for selecting the speed of solitons by tuning the physical parameters of the non linear medium and the hierarchal separation of the relevant degrees of freedom in `` master '' and `` slave '' . These mechanisms apply not only do DNA , but also to more general macromolecules , as we show concretely by considering polyethylene .
0710.4481	q-bio.QM q-bio.MN	Structure Learning in Nested Effects Models	Nested Effects Models ( NEMs ) are a class of graphical models introduced to analyze the results of gene perturbation screens . NEMs explore noisy subset relations between the high-dimensional outputs of phenotyping studies , e.g . the effects showing in gene expression profiles or as morphological features of the perturbed cell . In this paper we expand the statistical basis of NEMs in four directions : First , we derive a new formula for the likelihood function of a NEM , which generalizes previous results for binary data . Second , we prove model identifiability under mild assumptions . Third , we show that the new formulation of the likelihood allows to efficiently traverse model space . Fourth , we incorporate prior knowledge and an automated variable selection criterion to decrease the influence of noise in the data .
