0712.3240	q-bio.PE	Adaptive mutation of biochemical reaction constants : Fisher's geometrical model without pleiotropy	The distribution of fitness effects of adaptive mutations remains poorly understood , both empirically and theoretically . We study this distribution using a version of Fisher 's geometrical model without pleiotropy , such that each mutation affects only a single trait . We are motivated by the notion of an organism 's chemotype , the set of biochemical reaction constants that govern its molecular constituents . From physical considerations , we expect the chemotype to be of high dimension and to exhibit very little pleiotropy . Our model generically predicts striking cusps in the distribution of the fitness effects of arising and fixed mutations . It further predicts that a single element of the chemotype should comprise all mutations at the high-fitness ends of these distributions . Using extreme value theory , we show that the two cusps with the highest fitnesses are typically well-separated , even when the chemotype possesses thousands of elements ; this suggests a means to observe these cusps experimentally . More broadly , our work demonstrates that new insights into evolution can arise from the chemotype perspective , a perspective between the genotype and the phenotype .
0712.3304	q-bio.PE q-bio.GN	A comparison of sexual and asexual replication strategies in a simplified model based on the yeast life cycle	This paper develops simplified mathematical models describing the mutation-selection balance for the asexual and sexual replication pathways in { \it Saccharomyces cerevisiae } . We assume diploid genomes consisting of two chromosomes , and we assume that each chromosome is functional if and only if its base sequence is identical to some master sequence . The growth and replication of the yeast cells is modeled as a first-order process , with first-order growth rate constants that are determined by whether a given genome consists of zero , one , or two functional chromosomes . In the asexual pathway , we assume that a given diploid cell divides into two diploids . In the sexual pathway , we assume that a given diploid cell divides into two diploids , each of which then divide into two haploids . The resulting four haploids enter a haploid pool , where they grow and replicate until they meet another haploid with which to fuse . When the cost for sex is low , we find that the selective mating strategy leads to the highest mean fitness of the population , when compared to all of the other strategies . We also show that , at low to intermediate replication fidelities , sexual replication with random mating has a higher mean fitness than asexual replication , as long as the cost for sex is low . This is consistent with previous work suggesting that sexual replication is advantageous at high population densities , low replication rates , and intermediate replication fidelities . The results of this paper also suggest that { \it S. cerevisiae } switches from asexual to sexual replication when stressed , because stressful growth conditions provide an opportunity for the yeast to clear out deleterious mutations from their genomes .
