0711.3503	q-bio.PE math-ph math.MP q-bio.QM	Markov invariants , plethysms , and phylogenetics ( the long version )	We explore model based techniques of phylogenetic tree inference exercising Markov invariants . Markov invariants are group invariant polynomials and are distinct from what is known in the literature as phylogenetic invariants , although we establish a commonality in some special cases . We show that the simplest Markov invariant forms the foundation of the Log-Det distance measure . We take as our primary tool group representation theory , and show that it provides a general framework for analysing Markov processes on trees . From this algebraic perspective , the inherent symmetries of these processes become apparent , and focusing on plethysms , we are able to define Markov invariants and give existence proofs . We give an explicit technique for constructing the invariants , valid for any number of character states and taxa . For phylogenetic trees with three and four leaves , we demonstrate that the corresponding Markov invariants can be fruitfully exploited in applied phylogenetic studies .
0711.3580	q-bio.QM cs.NE q-bio.GN	An evolutionary model with Turing machines	The development of a large non-coding fraction in eukaryotic DNA and the phenomenon of the code-bloat in the field of evolutionary computations show a striking similarity . This seems to suggest that ( in the presence of mechanisms of code growth ) the evolution of a complex code ca n't be attained without maintaining a large inactive fraction . To test this hypothesis we performed computer simulations of an evolutionary toy model for Turing machines , studying the relations among fitness and coding/non-coding ratio while varying mutation and code growth rates . The results suggest that , in our model , having a large reservoir of non-coding states constitutes a great ( long term ) evolutionary advantage .
0711.3628	q-bio.PE cs.CE	A Perl Package and an Alignment Tool for Phylogenetic Networks	Phylogenetic networks are a generalization of phylogenetic trees that allow for the representation of evolutionary events acting at the population level , like recombination between genes , hybridization between lineages , and lateral gene transfer . While most phylogenetics tools implement a wide range of algorithms on phylogenetic trees , there exist only a few applications to work with phylogenetic networks , and there are no open-source libraries either . In order to improve this situation , we have developed a Perl package that relies on the BioPerl bundle and implements many algorithms on phylogenetic networks . We have also developed a Java applet that makes use of the aforementioned Perl package and allows the user to make simple experiments with phylogenetic networks without having to develop a program or Perl script by herself . The Perl package has been accepted as part of the BioPerl bundle . It can be downloaded from http : //dmi.uib.es/~gcardona/BioInfo/Bio-PhyloNetwork.tgz . The web-based application is available at http : //dmi.uib.es/~gcardona/BioInfo/ . The Perl package includes full documentation of all its features .
