0710.3944	q-bio.BM	Crystallographic modelling of protein loops and their heterogeneity with Rappertk	Background . All-atom crystallographic refinement of proteins is a laborious manually driven procedure , as a result of which , alternative and multiconformer interpretations are not routinely investigated . Results . We describe efficient loop sampling procedures in Rappertk and demonstrate that single loops in proteins can be automatically and accurately modelled with few positional restraints . Loops constructed with a composite CNS/Rappertk protocol consistently have better Rfree than those with CNS alone . This approach is extended to a more realistic scenario where there are often large positional uncertainties in loops along with small imperfections in the secondary structural framework . Both ensemble and collection methods are used to estimate the structural heterogeneity of loop regions . Conclusion . Apart from benchmarking Rappertk for the all-atom protein refinement task , this work also demonstrates its utility in both aspects of loop modelling - building a single conformer and estimating structural heterogeneity the loops can exhibit .
0710.3948	q-bio.BM	RNA sampling and crystallographic refinement using Rappertk	Background . Dramatic increases in RNA structural data have made it possible to recognize its conformational preferences much better than a decade ago . This has created an opportunity to use discrete restraint-based conformational sampling for modelling RNA and automating its crystallographic refinement . Results . All-atom sampling of entire RNA chains , termini and loops is achieved using the Richardson RNA backbone rotamer library and an unbiased distribution for glycosidic dihedral angle . Sampling behaviour of Rappertk on a diverse dataset of RNA chains under varying spatial restraints is benchmarked . The iterative composite crystallographic refinement protocol developed here is demonstrated to outperform CNS-only refinement on parts of tRNA ( Asp ) structure . Conclusion . This work opens exciting possibilities for further work in RNA modelling and crystallography .
