0711.0700	q-bio.PE	Three phases in the evolution of the standard genetic code : how translation could get started	A primordial genetic code is proposed , having only four codons assigned , GGC meaning glycine , GAC meaning aspartate/glutamate , GCC meaning alanine-like and GUC meaning valine-like . Pathways of ambiguity reduction enlarged the codon repertoire with CUC meaning leucine , AUC meaning isoleucine , ACC meaning threonine-like and GAG meaning glutamate . Introduction of UNN anticodons , in a next episode of code evolution in which nonsense elimination was the leading theme , introduced a family box structure superposed on the original mirror structure . Finally , growth rate was the leading theme during the remaining repertoire expansion , explaining the ordered phylogenetic pattern of aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases . The special role of natural aptamers in the process is high-lighted , and the error robustness characteristics of the code are shown to have evolved by way of a stepwise , restricted enlargement of the tRNA repertoire , instead of by an exhaustive selection process testing myriads of codes .
0711.0715	q-bio.QM	Inherent flexibility and protein function : the open/closed conformational transition of the N-terminal domain of calmodulin	The key to understanding a protein 's function often lies in its conformational dynamics . We develop a coarse-grained variational model to investigate the interplay between structural transitions , conformational flexibility and function of N-terminal calmodulin ( nCaM ) domain . In this model , two energy basins corresponding to the `` closed '' apo conformation and `` open '' holo conformation of nCaM domain are connected by a uniform interpolation parameter . The resulting detailed transition route from our model is largely consistent with the recently proposed EF $ \beta $ -scaffold mechanism in EF-hand family proteins . We find that the N-terminal part in calcium binding loops I and II shows higher flexibility than the C-terminal part which form this EF $ \beta $ -scaffold structure . The structural transition of binding loops I and II are compared in detail . Our model predicts that binding loop II , with higher flexibility and early structural change than binding loop I , dominates the conformational transition in nCaM domain .
0711.0796	q-bio.TO	Modeling the variability of shapes of a human placenta	While it is well-understood what a normal human placenta should look like , a deviation from the norm can take many possible shapes . In this paper we propose a mechanism for this variability based on the change in the structure of the vascular tree .
