0712.3332	q-bio.PE q-bio.QM	Extreme genetic code optimality from a molecular dynamics calculation of amino acid polar requirement	A molecular dynamics calculation of the amino acid polar requirement is presented and used to score the canonical genetic code . Monte Carlo simulation shows that this computational polar requirement has been optimized by the canonical genetic code more than any previously-known measure . These results strongly support the idea that the genetic code evolved from a communal state of life prior to the root of the modern ribosomal tree of life .
0712.3383	q-bio.QM q-bio.SC	Effective Motion of a Virus Trafficking Inside a Biological Cell	Virus trafficking is fundamental for infection success and plasmid cytosolic trafficking is a key step of gene delivery . Based on the main physical properties of the cellular transport machinery such as microtubules , motor proteins , our goal here is to derive a mathematical model to study cytoplasmic trafficking . Because experimental results reveal that both active and passive movement are necessary for a virus to reach the cell nucleus , by taking into account the complex interactions of the virus with the microtubules , we derive here an estimate of the mean time a virus reaches the nucleus . In particular , we present a mathematical procedure in which the complex viral movement , oscillating between pure diffusion and a deterministic movement along microtubules , can be approximated by a steady state stochastic equation with a constant effective drift . An explicit expression for the drift amplitude is given as a function of the real drift , the density of microtubules and other physical parameters . The present approach can be used to model viral trafficking inside the cytoplasm , which is a fundamental step of viral infection , leading to viral replication and in some cases to cell damage .
0712.3396	q-bio.PE math.AP	On an age and spatially structured population model for Proteus Mirabilis swarm-colony development	Proteus mirabilis are bacteria that make strikingly regular spatial-temporal patterns on agar surfaces . In this paper we investigate a mathematical model that has been shown to display these structures when solved numerically . The model consists of an ordinary differential equation coupled with a partial differential equation involving a first-order hyperbolic aging term together with nonlinear degenerate diffusion . The system is shown to admit global weak solutions .
0712.3467	q-bio.BM	The search kinetics of a target inside the cell nucleus	The mean time required by a transcription factor ( TF ) or an enzyme to find a target in the nucleus is of prime importance for the initialization of transcription , gene activation or the start of DNA repair . We obtain new estimates for the mean search time when the TF or enzyme , confined to the cell nucleus , can switch from a one dimensional motion along the DNA and a free Brownian regime inside the crowded nucleus . We give analytical expressions for the mean time the particle stays bound to the DNA , $ \tau_ { DNA } $ , and the mean time it diffuses freely , $ \tau_ { free } $ . Contrary to previous results but in agreement with experimental data , we find a factor $ \tau_ { DNA } \approx 3.7 \tau_ { free } $ for the Lac-I TF . The formula obtained for the time required to bind to a target site is found to be coherent with observed data . We also conclude that a higher DNA density leads to a more efficient search process .
0712.3494	q-bio.BM physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph physics.data-an q-bio.QM	Modelling background intensity in Affymetrix Genechips	DNA microarrays are devices that are able , in principle , to detect and quantify the presence of specific nucleic acid sequences in complex biological mixtures . The measurement consists in detecting fluorescence signals from several spots on the microarray surface onto which different probe sequences are grafted . One of the problems of the data analysis is that the signal contains a noisy background component due to non-specific binding . This paper presents a physical model for background estimation in Affymetrix Genechips . It combines two different approaches . The first is based on the sequence composition , specifically its sequence dependent hybridization affinity . The second is based on the strong correlation of intensities from locations which are the physical neighbors of a specific spot on the chip . Both effects are incorporated in a background functional which contains 24 free parameters , fixed by minimization on a training data set . In all data analyzed the sequence specific parameters , obtained by minimization , are found to strongly correlate with empirically determined stacking free energies for RNA/DNA hybridization in solution . Moreover , there is an overall agreement with experimental background data and we show that the physics-based model proposed in this paper performs on average better than purely statistical approaches for background calculations . The model thus provides an interesting alternative method for background subtraction schemes in Affymetrix Genechips .
0712.3569	q-bio.MN q-bio.GN	MicroRNA Systems Biology	Recently , microRNAs ( miRNAs ) have emerged as central posttranscriptional regulators of gene expression . miRNAs regulate many key biological processes , including cell growth , death , development and differentiation . This discovery is challenging the central dogma of molecular biology . Genes are working together by forming cellular networks . It has become an emerging concept that miRNAs could intertwine with cellular networks to exert their function . Thus , it is essential to understand how miRNAs take part in cellular processes at a systems-level . In this review , I will first introduce basic knowledge of miRNAs and their relations to heart disaeses and cancer , highlight recently dicovered functions such as filtering out gene expression noise by miRNAs . I will aslo introduce basic concepts of cellular networks and interpret their biological meaning in such a way that the network concepts are digested in a biological context and are understandable for biologists . Finally , I will summarize the most recent progress in understanding of miRNA biology at a systems-level : the principles of miRNA regulation of the major cellular networks including signaling , metabolic , protein interaction and gene regulatory networks . A common miRNA regulatory principle is emerging : miRNAs preferentially regulated the genes that have high regulation complexity . In addition , miRNAs preferentially regulate positive regulatory motifs , highly connected scaffolds and the most network downstream components of cellular signaling networks , while miRNAs selectively regulate the genes which have specific network structural features on metabolic networks .
