0712.2398	q-bio.BM	Structural motifs of biomolecules	Biomolecular structures are assemblies of emergent anisotropic building modules such as uniaxial helices or biaxial strands . We provide an approach to understanding a marginally compact phase of matter that is occupied by proteins and DNA . This phase , which is in some respects analogous to the liquid crystal phase for chain molecules , stabilizes a range of shapes that can be obtained by sequence-independent interactions occurring intra- and intermolecularly between polymeric molecules . We present a singularityfree self-interaction for a tube in the continuum limit and show that this results in the tube being positioned in the marginally compact phase . Our work provides a unified framework for understanding the building blocks of biomolecules .
0712.2405	q-bio.BM q-bio.GN	Identification of DNA-binding protein target sequences by physical effective energy functions . Free energy analysis of lambda repressor-DNA complexes	Specific binding of proteins to DNA is one of the most common ways in which gene expression is controlled . Although general rules for the DNA-protein recognition can be derived , the ambiguous and complex nature of this mechanism precludes a simple recognition code , therefore the prediction of DNA target sequences is not straightforward . DNA-protein interactions can be studied using computational methods which can complement the current experimental methods and offer some advantages . In the present work we use physical effective potentials to evaluate the DNA-protein binding affinities for the lambda repressor-DNA complex for which structural and thermodynamic experimental data are available . The effect of conformational sampling by Molecular Dynamics simulations on the computed binding energy is assessed ; results show that this effect is in general negative and the reproducibility of the experimental values decreases with the increase of simulation time considered . The free energy of binding for non-specific complexes agrees with earlier theoretical suggestions . Moreover , as a results of these analyses , we propose a protocol for the prediction of DNA-binding target sequences . The possibility of searching regulatory elements within the bacteriophage-lambda genome using this protocol is explored . Our analysis shows good prediction capabilities , even in the absence of any thermodynamic data and information on the naturally recognized sequence . This study supports the conclusion that physics-based methods can offer a completely complementary methodology to sequence-based methods for the identification of DNA-binding protein target sequences .
0712.2437	q-bio.QM cond-mat.dis-nn q-bio.NC	Faster solutions of the inverse pairwise Ising problem	Recent work has shown that probabilistic models based on pairwise interactions-in the simplest case , the Ising model-provide surprisingly accurate descriptions of experiments on real biological networks ranging from neurons to genes . Finding these models requires us to solve an inverse problem : given experimentally measured expectation values , what are the parameters of the underlying Hamiltonian ? This problem sits at the intersection of statistical physics and machine learning , and we suggest that more efficient solutions are possible by merging ideas from the two fields . We use a combination of recent coordinate descent algorithms with an adaptation of the histogram Monte Carlo method , and implement these techniques to take advantage of the sparseness found in data on real neurons . The resulting algorithm learns the parameters of an Ising model describing a network of forty neurons within a few minutes . This opens the possibility of analyzing much larger data sets now emerging , and thus testing hypotheses about the collective behaviors of these networks .
