0711.0283	q-bio.CB nlin.PS	Contraction-induced cluster formation in cardiac cell culture	Evolution of the spatial arrangement of cells in a primary culture of cardiac tissue derived from newborn rats was studied experimentally over extended period . It was found that cells attract each other spontaneously to form a clustered structure over the timescale of several days . These clusters exhibit spontaneous rhythmic contraction and have been confirmed to consist of cardiac muscle cells . Addition of a contraction inhibitor ( 2,3-butanedione-2-monoxime ) to the culture medium resulted in the inhibition of both the spontaneous contractions exhibited by the cells as well as the formation of clusters . Furthermore , the formation of clusters is suppressed when high concentrations of collagen are used for coating the substratum to which the cells adhere . From these experimental observations , it was deduced that the cells are mechanically stressed by the tension associated with repeated contractions and that this results in the cells becoming compact and attracting each other , finally resulting in the formation of clusters . This process can be interpreted as modulation of a cellular network by the activity associated with contraction , which could be employed to control cellular networks by modifying the dynamics associated with the contractions in cardiac tissue culture .
0711.0409	q-bio.NC q-bio.QM	Dynamic Moment Analysis of the Extracellular Electric Field of a Biologically Realistic Spiking Neuron	Based upon the membrane currents generated by an action potential in a biologically realistic model of a pyramidal , hippocampal cell within rat CA1 , we perform a moment expansion of the extracellular field potential . We decompose the potential into both inverse and classical moments and show that this method is a rapid and efficient way to calculate the extracellular field both near and far from the cell body . The action potential gives rise to a large quadrupole moment that contributes to the extracellular field up to distances of almost 1 cm . This method will serve as a starting point in connecting the microscopic generation of electric fields at the level of neurons to macroscopic observables such as the local field potential .
