0710.0383	q-bio.PE cond-mat.stat-mech physics.bio-ph q-bio.QM	Noise and Correlations in a Spatial Population Model with Cyclic Competition	Noise and spatial degrees of freedom characterize most ecosystems . Some aspects of their influence on the coevolution of populations with cyclic interspecies competition have been demonstrated in recent experiments [ e.g . B. Kerr et al. , Nature { \bf 418 } , 171 ( 2002 ) ] . To reach a better theoretical understanding of these phenomena , we consider a paradigmatic spatial model where three species exhibit cyclic dominance . Using an individual-based description , as well as stochastic partial differential and deterministic reaction-diffusion equations , we account for stochastic fluctuations and spatial diffusion at different levels , and show how fascinating patterns of entangled spirals emerge . We rationalize our analysis by computing the spatio-temporal correlation functions and provide analytical expressions for the front velocity and the wavelength of the propagating spiral waves .
0710.0445	q-bio.PE q-bio.BM	Evolution of the genetic code from the GC- to the AGUC-alphabet	A hypothesis of the evolution of the genetic code is proposed , the leading mechanism of which is the nucleotide spontaneous damage leading to AT-enrichment of the genome . The hypothesis accounts for stability of the genetic code towards point mutations , the presence of code dialects , and the symmetry of the genetic code table .
0710.0523	q-bio.CB cond-mat.soft cond-mat.stat-mech	Fluctuation theorem applied to Dictyostelium discoideum system	In this paper , we analyze the electrotactic movement of Dictyostelium discoideum from the viewpoint of non-equilibrium statistical mechanics . Because we can observe fluctuating behavior of cellular trajectories , we analyze the probability distribution of the trajectories with the aid of the fluctuation theorem . Recently , the validity of the fluctuation theorem was verified in a colloidal system , and it has also been applied to granular systems , turbulent systems and chemical oscillatory waves to investigate some of their statistical properties that are not yet completely understood . Noting that the fluctuation theorem is potentially applicable to cellular electrotaxis , here we employ it to help us obtain a phenomenological model of this biological system .
