0706.1852	q-bio.SC cond-mat.soft q-bio.MN	Cooperative action in eukaryotic gene regulation : physical properties of a viral example	The Epstein-Barr virus ( EBV ) infects more than 90 % of the human population , and is the cause of several both serious and mild diseases . It is a tumorivirus , and has been widely studied as a model system for gene ( de ) regulation in human . A central feature of the EBV life cycle is its ability to persist in human B cells in states denoted latency I , II and III . In latency III the host cell is driven to cell proliferation and hence expansion of the viral population , but does not enter the lytic pathway , and no new virions are produced , while the latency I state is almost completely dormant . In this paper we study a physico-chemical model of the switch between latency I and latency III in EBV . We show that the unusually large number of binding sites of two competing transcription factors , one viral and one from the host , serves to make the switch sharper ( higher Hill coefficient ) , either by cooperative binding between molecules of the same species when they bind , or by competition between the two species if there is sufficient steric hindrance .
0706.1905	q-bio.BM	Quantum dynamics of N-methylacetamide studied by the vibrational configuration interaction method	Vibrational energy transfer of the amide I mode of N-methylacetamide ( NMA ) is studied theoretically using the vibrational configuration interaction method . A quartic force field of NMA is constructed at the B3LYP/6-31G+ ( d ) level of theory and its accuarcy is checked by comparing the resulting anharmonic frequencies with available theoretical and experimental values . Quantum dynamics calculations for the amide I mode excitation clarify the dominant energy transfer pathways , which sensitively depend on the anharmonic couplings among vibrational modes . A ratio of the anharmonic coupling to the frequency mismatch is employed to predict and interpret the dominant energy flow pathways .
0706.1908	q-bio.MN physics.bio-ph q-bio.CB q-bio.SC	Computational investigations into the orgins of 'short term ' biochemical memory in T cell activation	Recent studies have reported that T cells can integrate signals between interrupted encounters with Antigen Presenting Cells ( APCs ) in such a way that the process of signal integration exhibits a form of memory . Here , we carry out a computational study using a simple mathematical model of T cell activation to investigate the ramifications of interrupted T cell-APC contacts on signal integration . We consider several mechanisms of how signal integration at these time scales may be achieved and conclude that feedback control of immediate early gene products ( IEGs ) appears to be a highly plausible mechanism that allows for effective signal integration and cytokine production from multiple exposures to APCs . Analysis of these computer simulations provides an experimental roadmap involving several testable predictions .
0706.1991	q-bio.SC q-bio.BM	Antiproliferative MCR peptides block physical interaction of insulin with retinoblastoma protein ( RB ) in human lung cancer cells	Fifteen years ago , a structural analysis of the hormone insulin and the retinoblastoma tumor suppressor protein ( RB ) revealed that they may physically interact with one another . Subsequently , an RB peptide corresponding to the proposed RB binding site for insulin was found to recognize full-length insulin in vitro . As part of efforts aimed at developing this RB peptide into an anti-cancer drug , this molecule was chemically coupled to a cellular internalization signal and termed `` MCR peptide '' . Meanwhile , several such MCR peptide variants have been demonstrated to restrain the proliferation of different human cancer cells in vitro and in vivo . Moreover , one of the MCR peptides coined MCR-10 was shown to be capable of interfering with the complex formation between insulin and RB in HepG2 human hepatoma cells , as monitored by immunofluorescence . This latter result indicating an in vivo association between insulin and RB was confirmed by a follow-up study combining the methods of co-immunoprecipitation and immunoblotting . Here , we provide evidence for the existence of the insulin-RB complex in A549 human non-small cell lung cancer cells . Specifically , we demonstrate this heterodimer by means of a magnetic beads-based immunoprecipitation approach and equally show that this dimer can be disrupted by MCR-4 or MCR-10 each of which is known to possess antiproliferative properties , yet to a much lesser extent by a control peptide . Thus , this investigation has yielded another important proof for the occurrence of the insulin-RB dimer and , furthermore , its validity as a target for antineoplastic MCR peptides .
0706.1996	q-bio.BM q-bio.SC	Planet RB : a personal contribution to a proteomic map of human retinoblastoma protein	As I compress on the canvas of a few pages here major results of my research on the retinoblastoma tumor suppressor protein ( RB ) spreading over the past 15 years , an exciting picture emerges on this unique host molecule which surpasses in its complexity even that of the most capable viral proteins known to date . Accordingly , RB has the potential to bind not only growth-promoting proteins such as insulin , but also to attach itself to calcium and oxygen , as well as to be secreted into the extracellular environment . Moreover , RB may exert proteolytic , antimicrobial and anti-aging activities . These condensed structure-based insights on RB are the substance of a scientific revolution I have initiated a long time ago , yet likely to gain even further speed in the years to come , thus expanding both our understanding of life at the molecular level and the possibilities for pharmacological modulation of fundamental biological phenomena , particularly in oncology and gerontology .
0706.2007	q-bio.MN	Reconstruction of metabolic networks from high-throughput metabolite profiling data : in silico analysis of red blood cell metabolism	We investigate the ability of algorithms developed for reverse engineering of transcriptional regulatory networks to reconstruct metabolic networks from high-throughput metabolite profiling data . For this , we generate synthetic metabolic profiles for benchmarking purposes based on a well-established model for red blood cell metabolism . A variety of data sets is generated , accounting for different properties of real metabolic networks , such as experimental noise , metabolite correlations , and temporal dynamics . These data sets are made available online . We apply ARACNE , a mainstream transcriptional networks reverse engineering algorithm , to these data sets and observe performance comparable to that obtained in the transcriptional domain , for which the algorithm was originally designed .
0706.2024	q-bio.QM math.PR stat.AP	Generation interval contraction and epidemic data analysis	The generation interval is the time between the infection time of an infected person and the infection time of his or her infector . Probability density functions for generation intervals have been an important input for epidemic models and epidemic data analysis . In this paper , we specify a general stochastic SIR epidemic model and prove that the mean generation interval decreases when susceptible persons are at risk of infectious contact from multiple sources . The intuition behind this is that when a susceptible person has multiple potential infectors , there is a `` race '' to infect him or her in which only the first infectious contact leads to infection . In an epidemic , the mean generation interval contracts as the prevalence of infection increases . We call this global competition among potential infectors . When there is rapid transmission within clusters of contacts , generation interval contraction can be caused by a high local prevalence of infection even when the global prevalence is low . We call this local competition among potential infectors . Using simulations , we illustrate both types of competition . Finally , we show that hazards of infectious contact can be used instead of generation intervals to estimate the time course of the effective reproductive number in an epidemic . This approach leads naturally to partial likelihoods for epidemic data that are very similar to those that arise in survival analysis , opening a promising avenue of methodological research in infectious disease epidemiology .
