0705.2092	q-bio.PE q-bio.QM	SIR dynamics in random networks with heterogeneous connectivity	Random networks with specified degree distributions have been proposed as realistic models of population structure , yet the problem of dynamically modeling SIR-type epidemics in random networks remains complex . I resolve this dilemma by showing how the SIR dynamics can be modeled with a system of three nonlinear ODE 's . The method makes use of the probability generating function ( PGF ) formalism for representing the degree distribution of a random network and makes use of network-centric quantities such as the number of edges in a well-defined category rather than node-centric quantities such as the number of infecteds or susceptibles . The PGF provides a simple means of translating between network and node-centric variables and determining the epidemic incidence at any time . The theory also provides a simple means of tracking the evolution of the degree distribution among susceptibles or infecteds . The equations are used to demonstrate the dramatic effects that the degree distribution plays on the final size of an epidemic as well as the speed with which it spreads through the population . Power law degree distributions are observed to generate an almost immediate expansion phase yet have a smaller final size compared to homogeneous degree distributions such as the Poisson . The equations are compared to stochastic simulations , which show good agreement with the theory . Finally , the dynamic equations provide an alternative way of determining the epidemic threshold where large-scale epidemics are expected to occur , and below which epidemic behavior is limited to finite-sized outbreaks .
0705.2105	q-bio.PE q-bio.QM	SIR epidemics in dynamic contact networks	Contact patterns in populations fundamentally influence the spread of infectious diseases . Current mathematical methods for epidemiological forecasting on networks largely assume that contacts between individuals are fixed , at least for the duration of an outbreak . In reality , contact patterns may be quite fluid , with individuals frequently making and breaking social or sexual relationships . Here we develop a mathematical approach to predicting disease transmission on dynamic networks in which each individual has a characteristic behavior ( typical contact number ) , but the identities of their contacts change in time . We show that dynamic contact patterns shape epidemiological dynamics in ways that can not be adequately captured in static network models or mass-action models . Our new model interpolates smoothly between static network models and mass-action models using a mixing parameter , thereby providing a bridge between disparate classes of epidemiological models . Using epidemiological and sexual contact data from an Atlanta high school , we then demonstrate the utility of this method for forecasting and controlling sexually transmitted disease outbreaks .
0705.2143	q-bio.GN q-bio.QM	Inverted and mirror repeats in model nucleotide sequences	We analytically and numerically study the probabilistic properties of inverted and mirror repeats in model sequences of nucleic acids . We consider both perfect and non-perfect repeats , i.e . repeats with mismatches and gaps . The considered sequence models are independent identically distributed ( i.i.d . ) sequences , Markov processes and long range sequences . We show that the number of repeats in correlated sequences is significantly larger than in i.i.d . sequences and that this discrepancy increases exponentially with the repeat length for long range sequences .
