0704.3138	q-bio.CB	Inverse Geometric Approach to the Simulation of the Circular Growth . The Case of Multicellular Tumor Spheroids	We demonstrate the power of the genetic algorithms to construct the cellular automata model simulating the growth of 2-dimensional close-to-circular clusters revealing the desired properties , such as the growth rate and , at the same time , the fractal behavior of their contours . The possible application of the approach in the field of tumor modeling is outlined .
0704.3226	q-bio.QM q-bio.MN	Delay estimation in a two-node acyclic network	Linear measures such as cross-correlation have been used successfully to determine time delays from the given processes . Such an analysis often precedes identifying possible causal relationships between the observed processes . The present study investigates the impact of a positively correlated driver whose correlation function decreases monotonically with lag on the delay estimation in a two-node acyclic network with one and two-delays . It is shown that cross-correlation analysis of the given processes can result in spurious identification of multiple delays between the driver and the dependent processes . Subsequently , delay estimation of increment process as opposed to the original process under certain implicit constraints is explored . Short-range and long-range correlated driver processes along with those of their coarse-grained counterparts are considered .
0704.3259	q-bio.QM q-bio.MN	Python Unleashed on Systems Biology	We have built an open-source software system for the modeling of biomolecular reaction networks , SloppyCell , which is written in Python and makes substantial use of third-party libraries for numerics , visualization , and parallel programming . We highlight here some of the powerful features that Python provides that enable SloppyCell to do dynamic code synthesis , symbolic manipulation , and parallel exploration of complex parameter spaces .
0704.3263	q-bio.NC	Effect of beta-Dystroglycan Processing on Utrophin / DP116 Anchorage in Normal and MDX Mouse Schwann Cell Membrane	In the peripheral nervous system , utrophin and the short dystrophin isoform ( Dp116 ) are co-localized at the outermost layer of the myelin sheath of nerve fibers ; together with the dystroglycan complex . In peripheral nerve , matrix metalloproteinase ( MMP ) creates a 30 kDa fragment of beta-dystroglycan , leading to a disruption of the link between the extracellular matrix and the cell membrane . Here we asked if the processing of the beta-dystroglycan could influence the anchorage of Dp116 or/and utrophin in normal and mdx Schwann cell membrane . We showed that MMP-9 was more activated in mdx nerve than in wild-type one . This activation leads to an accumulation of the 30 kDa beta-dystroglycan isoform and have an impact on the anchorage of Dp116 and utrophin isoforms in mdx Schwann cells membrane . Our results showed that Dp116 had greater affinity to the full length form of beta-dystroglycan than the 30 kDa form . Moreover , we showed for the first time that the short isoform of utrophin ( Up71 ) was over-expressed in mdx Schwann cells compared to wild-type . In addition , this utrophin isoform ( Up71 ) seems to have greater affinity to the 30 kDa beta-dystroglycan which could explain a more stabilization of this 30 kDa at the membrane compartment . Our results highlight the potential participation of the short utrophin isoform and the cleaved form of beta-dystroglycan in mdx Schwann cell membrane architecture .
0704.3264	q-bio.SC q-bio.MN	Efficiency and versatility of distal multisite transcription regulation	Transcription regulation typically involves the binding of proteins over long distances on multiple DNA sites that are brought close to each other by the formation of DNA loops . The inherent complexity of the assembly of regulatory complexes on looped DNA challenges the understanding of even the simplest genetic systems , including the prototypical lac operon . Here we implement a scalable quantitative computational approach to analyze systems regulated through multiple DNA sites with looping . Our approach applied to the lac operon accurately predicts the transcription rate over five orders of magnitude for wild type and seven mutants accounting for all the combinations of deletions of the three operators . A quantitative analysis of the model reveals that the presence of three operators provides a mechanism to combine robust repression with sensitive induction , two seemingly mutually exclusive properties that are required for optimal functioning of metabolic switches .
