0705.2646	q-bio.QM cond-mat.stat-mech physics.data-an	Clustering by soft-constraint affinity propagation : Applications to gene-expression data	Motivation : Similarity-measure based clustering is a crucial problem appearing throughout scientific data analysis . Recently , a powerful new algorithm called Affinity Propagation ( AP ) based on message-passing techniques was proposed by Frey and Dueck \cite { Frey07 } . In AP , each cluster is identified by a common exemplar all other data points of the same cluster refer to , and exemplars have to refer to themselves . Albeit its proved power , AP in its present form suffers from a number of drawbacks . The hard constraint of having exactly one exemplar per cluster restricts AP to classes of regularly shaped clusters , and leads to suboptimal performance , { \it e.g . } , in analyzing gene expression data . Results : This limitation can be overcome by relaxing the AP hard constraints . A new parameter controls the importance of the constraints compared to the aim of maximizing the overall similarity , and allows to interpolate between the simple case where each data point selects its closest neighbor as an exemplar and the original AP . The resulting soft-constraint affinity propagation ( SCAP ) becomes more informative , accurate and leads to more stable clustering . Even though a new { \it a priori } free-parameter is introduced , the overall dependence of the algorithm on external tuning is reduced , as robustness is increased and an optimal strategy for parameter selection emerges more naturally . SCAP is tested on biological benchmark data , including in particular microarray data related to various cancer types . We show that the algorithm efficiently unveils the hierarchical cluster structure present in the data sets . Further on , it allows to extract sparse gene expression signatures for each cluster .
0705.2704	q-bio.PE	Rythmes d'activit\'e locomotrice chez deux insectes parasito\ '' ides sympatriques : Eupelmus orientalis et Eupelmus vuilleti ( Hym\'enopt\`ere , Eupelmidae )	With an automatic image analysis device , we studied the temporal distribution of the locomotor activity of E. orientalis and E. vuilleti during 24 h , and over several days to know whether the activity rhythms of these two Eupelmidae play a role in their competitive interactions . The analysis of locomotor activity rhythms of E. orientalis and E. vuilleti shows that the locomotor activity of both species presents daily cyclic variations . These two Eupelmidae have similar activity rhythms . Displacements of these parasitoids essentially take place during the photophase . But the activity of E. vuilleti is earlier , because the individuals of this species start their activity on average 4 to 5 h earlier than those of E. orientalis . E. vuilleti begins its displacements several hours before the onset of lighting , whereas E. orientalis is active only in the presence of the light . This shift of starting activity is thus a factor allowing these concurrent species to minimize their interactions during the cohabitation period in traditional granaries after the harvests of cowpea .
0705.2706	q-bio.BM q-bio.MN	The Interplay between Chemistry and Mechanics in the Transduction of a Mechanical Signal into a Biochemical Function	There are many processes in biology in which mechanical forces are generated . Force-bearing networks can transduce locally developed mechanical signals very extensively over different parts of the cell or tissues . In this article we conduct an overview of this kind of mechanical transduction , focusing in particular on the multiple layers of complexity displayed by the mechanisms that control and trigger the conversion of a mechanical signal into a biochemical function . Single molecule methodologies , through their capability to introduce the force in studies of biological processes in which mechanical stresses are developed , are unveiling subtle intertwining mechanisms between chemistry and mechanics and in particular are revealing how chemistry can control mechanics . The possibility that chemistry interplays with mechanics should be always considered in biochemical studies .
0705.2710	q-bio.PE	The potential of mass rearing of Monoksa dorsiplana ( Pteromalidae ) a native gregarious ectoparasitoid of Pseudopachymeria spinipes ( Bruchidae ) in South America	In Chile and Uruguay , the gregarious Pteromalidae ( Monoksa dorsiplana ) has been discovered emerging from seeds of the persistent pods of Acacia caven attacked by the univoltin bruchid Pseudopachymeria spinipes . We investigated the potential for mass rearing of this gregarious ectoparasitoid on an alternative bruchid host , Callosobruchus maculatus , to use it against the bruchidae of native and cultured species of Leguminosea seeds in South America . The mass rearing of M.dorsiplana was carried out in a population cage where the density of egg-laying females per infested seed was increased from 1:1 on the first day to 5:1 on the last ( fifth ) day . Under these experimental conditions egg-clutch size per host increased , and at the same time the mortality of eggs laid also increased . The density of egg-laying females influenced the sex ratio which tended towards a balance of sons and daughters , in contrast to the sex ratio of a single egg-laying female per host ( 1 son to 7 daughters ) . The mean weight of adults emerging from a parasitized host was negatively correlated with the egg-clutch size , i.e. , as egg-clutch size increased , adult weight decreased . All these results show that mass rearing of the gregarious ectoparasitoid M.dorsiplana was possible under laboratory conditions on an alternative bruchid host C.maculatus . As M.dorsiplana is a natural enemy of larval and pupal stages of bruchidae , the next step was to investigate whether the biological control of bruchid C.maculatus was possible in an experimental structure of stored beans .
0705.2747	q-bio.TO nlin.PS	Autowaves in the model of avascular tumour growth	A mathematical model of infiltrative tumour growth taking into account cell proliferation , death and motility is considered . The model is formulated in terms of local cell density and nutrient ( oxygen ) concentration . In the model the rate of cell death depends on the local nutrient level . Thus heterogeneous nutrient distribution in tissue affects tumour structure and development . The existence of automodel solutions is demonstrated and their properties are investigated . The results are compared to the properties of the Kolmogorov-Petrovskii-Piskunov and Fisher equations . Influence of the nutrient distribution on the autowave speed selection as well as on the relaxation to automodel solution is demonstrated . The model adequately describes the data , observed in experiments .
