0706.0076	q-bio.BM	Free-Energy Landscape of Kinesin by a Realistic Lattice Model	Structural fluctuations in the thermal equilibrium of the kinesin motor domain are studied using a lattice protein model with Go interactions . By means of the multi-self-overlap ensemble ( MSOE ) Monte Carlo method and the principal component analysis ( PCA ) , the free-energy landscape is obtained . It is shown that kinesins have two subdomains that exhibit partial folding/unfolding at functionally important regions : one is located around the nucleotide binding site and the other includes the main microtubule binding site . These subdomains are consistent with structural variability that was reported recently based on experimentally-obtained structures . On the other hand , such large structural fluctuations have not been captured by B-factor or normal mode analyses . Thus , they are beyond the elastic regime , and it is essential to take into account chain connectivity for studying the function of kinesins .
0706.0117	q-bio.GN	Reciprocal best hits are not a logically sufficient condition for orthology	It is common to use reciprocal best hits , also known as a boomerang criterion , for determining orthology between sequences . The best hits may be found by blast , or by other more recently developed algorithms . Previous work seems to have assumed that reciprocal best hits is a sufficient but not necessary condition for orthology . In this article , I explain why reciprocal best hits can not logically be a sufficient condition for orthology . If reciprocal best hits is neither sufficient nor necessary for orthology , it would seem worthwhile to examine further the logical foundations of some unsupervised algorithms that are used to identify orthologs .
0706.0118	q-bio.QM	DIA-MCIS . An Importance Sampling Network Randomizer for Network Motif Discovery and Other Topological Observables in Transcription Networks	Transcription networks , and other directed networks can be characterized by some topological observables such as for example subgraph occurrence ( network motifs ) . In order to perform such kind of analysis , it is necessary to be able to generate suitable randomized network ensembles . Typically , one considers null networks with the same degree sequences of the original ones . The commonly used algorithms sometimes have long convergence times , and sampling problems . We present here an alternative , based on a variant of the importance sampling Montecarlo developed by Chen et al . [ 1 ] .
0706.0163	q-bio.NC q-bio.OT	Output Stream of Binding Neuron with Feedback	The binding neuron model is inspired by numerical simulation of Hodgkin-Huxley-type point neuron , as well as by the leaky integrate-and-fire model . In the binding neuron , the trace of an input is remembered for a fixed period of time after which it disappears completely . This is in the contrast with the above two models , where the postsynaptic potentials decay exponentially and can be forgotten only after triggering . The finiteness of memory in the binding neuron allows one to construct fast recurrent networks for computer modeling . Recently , the finiteness is utilized for exact mathematical description of the output stochastic process if the binding neuron is driven with the Poissonian input stream . In this paper , the simplest networking is considered for binding neuron . Namely , it is expected that every output spike of single neuron is immediately fed into its input . For this construction , externally fed with Poissonian stream , the output stream is characterized in terms of interspike interval probability density distribution if the binding neuron has threshold 2 . For higher thresholds , the distribution is calculated numerically . The distributions are compared with those found for binding neuron without feedback , and for leaky integrator . Sample distributions for leaky integrator with feedback are calculated numerically as well . It is oncluded that even the simplest networking can radically alter spikng statistics . Information condensation at the level of single neuron is discussed .
0706.0171	q-bio.PE	Persistent pods of the tree Acacia caven : a natural refuge for diverse insects including Bruchid beetles and the parasitoids Trichogrammatidae , Pteromalidae and Eulophidae	The persistent pods of the tree , Acacia caven , that do not fall from the tree provide opportunities for the appearance of a diverse group of insects the following season . Such pods collected during the spring of 1999 in Chile were indehiscent with highly sclerified pod walls . In contrast , persistent pods collected in Uruguay after a wet winter and spring ( 2002 ) were partially dehiscent , inducing the deterioration of the woody pods , and consequently exposing the seeds . These persistent pods are a natural refuge for insect species , namely two bruchid beetles ( Pseudopachymeria spinipes , Stator furcatus ) , one scolytidae ( Dendroctonus sp ) , lepidopterous larvae , ant colonies ( Camponotus sp ) , one species of oophagous parasitoid ( Uscana espinae group senex ) , the gregarious larval-pupae parasitoid Monoksa dorsiplana ( Pteromalidae ) and two species of Horismenus spp . ( Eulophidae ) . The patriline of M. dorsiplana is frequently formed by 1 son +7 daughters .
0706.0185	q-bio.BM physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph	Excluded volume , local structural cooperativity , and the polymer physics of protein folding rates	A coarse-grained variational model is used to investigate the polymer dynamics of barrier crossing for a diverse set of two-state folding proteins . The model gives reliable folding rate predictions provided excluded volume terms that induce minor structural cooperativity are included in the interaction potential . In general , the cooperative folding routes have sharper interfaces between folded and unfolded regions of the folding nucleus and higher free energy barriers . The calculated free energy barriers are strongly correlated with native topology as characterized by contact order . Increasing the rigidity of the folding nucleus changes the local structure of the transition state ensemble non-uniformly across the set of protein studied . Neverthless , the calculated prefactors k0 are found to be relatively uniform across the protein set , with variation in 1/k0 less than a factor of five . This direct calculation justifies the common assumption that the prefactor is roughly the same for all small two-state folding proteins . Using the barrier heights obtained from the model and the best fit monomer relaxation time 30ns , we find that 1/k0 ( 1-5 ) us ( with average 1/k0 4us ) . This model can be extended to study subtle aspects of folding such as the variation of the folding rate with stability or solvent viscosity , and the onset of downhill folding .
0706.0194	q-bio.MN	Comparing Classical Pathways and Modern Networks : Towards the Development of an Edge Ontology	Pathways are integral to systems biology . Their classical representation has proven useful but is inconsistent in the meaning assigned to each arrow ( or edge ) and inadvertently implies the isolation of one pathway from another . Conversely , modern high-throughput experiments give rise to standardized networks facilitating topological calculations . Combining these perspectives , we can embed classical pathways within large-scale networks and thus demonstrate the crosstalk between them . As more diverse types of high-throughput data become available , we can effectively merge both perspectives , embedding pathways simultaneously in multiple networks . However , the original problem still remains - the current edge representation is inadequate to accurately convey all the information in pathways . Therefore , we suggest that a standardized , well-defined , edge ontology is necessary and propose a prototype here , as a starting point for reaching this goal .
