0710.5142	q-bio.QM q-bio.PE	On the optimality of the neighbor-joining algorithm	The popular neighbor-joining ( NJ ) algorithm used in phylogenetics is a greedy algorithm for finding the balanced minimum evolution ( BME ) tree associated to a dissimilarity map . From this point of view , NJ is `` optimal '' when the algorithm outputs the tree which minimizes the balanced minimum evolution criterion . We use the fact that the NJ tree topology and the BME tree topology are determined by polyhedral subdivisions of the spaces of dissimilarity maps $ { \R } _ { + } ^ { n \choose 2 } $ to study the optimality of the neighbor-joining algorithm . In particular , we investigate and compare the polyhedral subdivisions for $ n \leq 8 $ . A key requirement is the measurement of volumes of spherical polytopes in high dimension , which we obtain using a combination of Monte Carlo methods and polyhedral algorithms . We show that highly unrelated trees can be co-optimal in BME reconstruction , and that NJ regions are not convex . We obtain the $ l_2 $ radius for neighbor-joining for $ n=5 $ and we conjecture that the ability of the neighbor-joining algorithm to recover the BME tree depends on the diameter of the BME tree .
0710.5190	q-bio.GN cs.IT math.IT	Identifying statistical dependence in genomic sequences via mutual information estimates	Questions of understanding and quantifying the representation and amount of information in organisms have become a central part of biological research , as they potentially hold the key to fundamental advances . In this paper , we demonstrate the use of information-theoretic tools for the task of identifying segments of biomolecules ( DNA or RNA ) that are statistically correlated . We develop a precise and reliable methodology , based on the notion of mutual information , for finding and extracting statistical as well as structural dependencies . A simple threshold function is defined , and its use in quantifying the level of significance of dependencies between biological segments is explored . These tools are used in two specific applications . First , for the identification of correlations between different parts of the maize zmSRp32 gene . There , we find significant dependencies between the 5' untranslated region in zmSRp32 and its alternatively spliced exons . This observation may indicate the presence of as-yet unknown alternative splicing mechanisms or structural scaffolds . Second , using data from the FBI 's Combined DNA Index System ( CODIS ) , we demonstrate that our approach is particularly well suited for the problem of discovering short tandem repeats , an application of importance in genetic profiling .
0710.5195	q-bio.MN q-bio.SC	MAPK Cascades as Feedback Amplifiers	Interconvertible enzyme cascades , exemplified by the mitogen activated protein kinase ( MAPK ) cascade , are a frequent mechanism in signal transduction pathways . There has been much speculation as to the role of these pathways , and how their structure is related to their function . A common conclusion is that the cascades serve to amplify biochemical signals so that a single bound ligand molecule might produce a multitude of second messengers . Some recent work has focused on a particular feature present in some MAPK pathways -- a negative feedback loop which spans the length of the cascade . This is a feature that is shared by a man-made engineering device , the feedback amplifier . We propose a novel interpretation : that by wrapping a feedback loop around an amplifier , these cascades may be acting as biochemical feedback amplifiers which imparts i ) increased robustness with respect to internal perturbations ; ii ) a linear graded response over an extended operating range ; iii ) insulation from external perturbation , resulting in functional modularization . We also report on the growing list of experimental evidence which supports a graded response of MAPK with respect to Epidermal Growth Factor . This evidence supports our hypothesis that in these circumstances MAPK cascade , may be acting as a feedback amplifier .
