0710.3889	q-bio.MN	Epigenetic Chromatin Silencing : Bistability and Front Propagation	The role of post-translational modification of histones in eukaryotic gene regulation is well recognized . Epigenetic silencing of genes via heritable chromatin modifications plays a major role in cell fate specification in higher organisms . We formulate a coarse-grained model of chromatin silencing in yeast and study the conditions under which the system becomes bistable , allowing for different epigenetic states . We also study the dynamics of the boundary between the two locally stable states of chromatin : silenced and unsilenced . The model could be of use in guiding the discussion on chromatin silencing in general . In the context of silencing in budding yeast , it helps us understand the phenotype of various mutants , some of which may be non-trivial to see without the help of a mathematical model . One such example is a mutation that reduces the rate of background acetylation of particular histone side-chains that competes with the deacetylation by Sir2p . The resulting negative feedback due to a Sir protein depletion effect gives rise to interesting counter-intuitive consequences . Our mathematical analysis brings forth the different dynamical behaviors possible within the same molecular model and guides the formulation of more refined hypotheses that could be addressed experimentally .
0710.3988	q-bio.PE	Sexual reproduction from the male ( men ) point of view	To counterbalance the views presented here by Suzana Moss de Oliveira , we explain here the truth : How men are oppressed by Mother Nature , who may have made an error inventing us , and by living women , who could get rid of most of us . Why do women live longer than us ? Why is the Y chromosome for men so small ? What are the dangers of marital fidelity ? In an appendix we mention the demographic challenges of the future with many old and few young people .
0710.4001	q-bio.PE	Fluctuation induces evolutionary branching in a modeled microbial ecosystem	The impact of environmental fluctuation on species diversity is studied with a model of the evolutionary ecology of microorganisms . We show that environmental fluctuation induces evolutionary branching and assures the consequential coexistence of multiple species . Pairwise invasibility analysis is applied to illustrate the speciation process . We also discuss how fluctuation affects species diversity .
0710.4030	q-bio.GN	From DNA sequence analysis to modeling replication in the human genome	We explore the large-scale behavior of nucleotide compositional strand asymmetries along human chromosomes . As we observe for 7 of 9 origins of replication experimentally identified so far , the ( TA+GC ) skew displays rather sharp upward jumps , with a linear decreasing profile in between two successive jumps . We present a model of replication with well positioned replication origins and random terminations that accounts for the observed characteristic serrated skew profiles . We succeed in identifying 287 pairs of putative adjacent replication origins with an origin spacing approximately 1-2 Mbp that are likely to correspond to replication foci observed in interphase nuclei and recognized as stable structures that persist throughout subsequent cell generations .
0710.4117	q-bio.NC cs.IT math.IT math.PR stat.AP	From the entropy to the statistical structure of spike trains	We use statistical estimates of the entropy rate of spike train data in order to make inferences about the underlying structure of the spike train itself . We first examine a number of different parametric and nonparametric estimators ( some known and some new ) , including the `` plug-in '' method , several versions of Lempel-Ziv-based compression algorithms , a maximum likelihood estimator tailored to renewal processes , and the natural estimator derived from the Context-Tree Weighting method ( CTW ) . The theoretical properties of these estimators are examined , several new theoretical results are developed , and all estimators are systematically applied to various types of synthetic data and under different conditions . Our main focus is on the performance of these entropy estimators on the ( binary ) spike trains of 28 neurons recorded simultaneously for a one-hour period from the primary motor and dorsal premotor cortices of a monkey . We show how the entropy estimates can be used to test for the existence of long-term structure in the data , and we construct a hypothesis test for whether the renewal process model is appropriate for these spike trains . Further , by applying the CTW algorithm we derive the maximum a posterior ( MAP ) tree model of our empirical data , and comment on the underlying structure it reveals .
0710.4127	q-bio.MN q-bio.GN	Gene network reconstruction from transcriptional dynamics under kinetic model uncertainty : a case for the second derivative	Motivation : Measurements of gene expression over time enable the reconstruction of transcriptional networks . However , Bayesian networks and many other current reconstruction methods rely on assumptions that conflict with the differential equations that describe transcriptional kinetics . Practical approximations of kinetic models would enable inferring causal relationships between genes from expression data of microarray , tag-based and conventional platforms , but conclusions are sensitive to the assumptions made . Results : The representation of a sufficiently large portion of genome enables computation of an upper bound on how much confidence one may place in influences between genes on the basis of expression data . Information about which genes encode transcription factors is not necessary but may be incorporated if available . The methodology is generalized to cover cases in which expression measurements are missing for many of the genes that might control the transcription of the genes of interest . The assumption that the gene expression level is roughly proportional to the rate of translation led to better empirical performance than did either the assumption that the gene expression level is roughly proportional to the protein level or the Bayesian model average of both assumptions . Availability : http : //www.oisb.ca points to R code implementing the methods ( R Development Core Team 2004 ) . Supplementary information : http : //www.davidbickel.com
0710.4181	q-bio.BM q-bio.GN	Thermodynamic and structural consensus principle predicts mature miRNA location and structure , categorizes conserved interspecies miRNA subgroups , and hints new possible mechanisms of miRNA maturization	Although conservation of thermodynamics is much less studied than of sequences and structures , thermodynamic details are biophysical features different from but as important as structural features . As a succession of previous research which revealed the important relationships between thermodynamic features and miRNA maturization , this article applies interspecies conservation of miRNA thermodynamics and structures to study miRNA maturization . According to a thermodynamic and structural consensus principle , miRBase is categorized by conservation subgroups , which imply various functions . These subgroups are divided without the introduction of functional information . This suggests the consistency between the two processes of miRNA maturization and functioning . Different from prevailing methods which predict extended miRNA precursors , a learning-based algorithm is proposed to predict ~22bp mature parts of 2780 test miRNA genes in 44 species with a rate of 79.4 % . This is the first attempt of a general interspecies prediction of mature miRNAs . Suboptimal structures that most fit the consensus thermodynamic and structural profiles are chosen to improve structure prediction . Distribution of miRNA locations on corresponding pri-miRNA stem-loop structures is then studied . Existing research on Drosha cleavage site is not generally true across species . Instead , the distance between mature miRNA and center loop normalized by stem length is a more conserved structural feature in animals , and the normalized distance between mature miRNA and ss-RNA tail is the counterpart in plants . This suggests two possibly-updating mechanisms of miRNA maturization in animals and plants . All in all , conservations of thermodynamics together with other features are shown closely related to miRNA maturization .
