0706.0643	q-bio.SC	Superdiffusion in a Model for Diffusion in a Molecularly Crowded Environment	We present a model for diffusion in a molecularly crowded environment . The model consists of random barriers in percolation network . Random walks in the presence of slowly moving barriers show normal diffusion for long times , but anomalous diffusion at intermediate times . The effective exponents for square distance versus time usually are below one at these intermediate times , but can be also larger than one for high barrier concentrations . Thus we observe sub- as well as super-diffusion in a crowded environment .
0706.0648	q-bio.PE math.ST nlin.AO physics.soc-ph stat.TH	Emergence and resilience of cooperation in the spatial Prisoner's Dilemma via a reward mechanism	We study the problem of the emergence of cooperation in the spatial Prisoner 's Dilemma . The pioneering work by Nowak and May showed that large initial populations of cooperators can survive and sustain cooperation in a square lattice with imitate-the-best evolutionary dynamics . We revisit this problem in a cost-benefit formulation suitable for a number of biological applications . We show that if a fixed-amount reward is established for cooperators to share , a single cooperator can invade a population of defectors and form structures that are resilient to re-invasion even if the reward mechanism is turned off . We discuss analytically the case of the invasion by a single cooperator and present agent-based simulations for small initial fractions of cooperators . Large cooperation levels , in the sustainability range , are found . In the conclusions we discuss possible applications of this model as well as its connections with other mechanisms proposed to promote the emergence of cooperation .
0706.0683	q-bio.SC	Ion transport through cell membrane channels	We discuss various models of ion transport through cell membrane channels . Recent experimental data shows that sizes of ion channels are compared to those of ions and that only few ions may be simultaneously in any single channel . Theoretical description of ion transport in such channels should therefore take into account interactions between ions and between ions and channel proteins . This is not satisfied by macroscopic continuum models based on Poisson-Nernst-Planck equations . More realistic descriptions of ion transport are offered by microscopic Brownian and molecular dynamics . One should also take into account a dynamical character of the channel structure . This is not yet addressed in the literature
