0704.2409	q-bio.BM q-bio.SC	Multilevel Deconstruction of the In Vivo Behavior of Looped DNA-Protein Complexes	Protein-DNA complexes with loops play a fundamental role in a wide variety of cellular processes , ranging from the regulation of DNA transcription to telomere maintenance . As ubiquitous as they are , their precise in vivo properties and their integration into the cellular function still remain largely unexplored . Here , we present a multilevel approach that efficiently connects in both directions molecular properties with cell physiology and use it to characterize the molecular properties of the looped DNA-lac repressor complex while functioning in vivo . The properties we uncover include the presence of two representative conformations of the complex , the stabilization of one conformation by DNA architectural proteins , and precise values of the underlying twisting elastic constants and bending free energies . Incorporation of all this molecular information into gene-regulation models reveals an unprecedented versatility of looped DNA-protein complexes at shaping the properties of gene expression .
0704.2454	q-bio.QM q-bio.BM	Modeling transcription factor binding events to DNA using a random walker/jumper representation on a 1D/2D lattice with different affinity sites	Surviving in a diverse environment requires corresponding organism responses . At the cellular level , such adjustment relies on the transcription factors ( TFs ) which must rapidly find their target sequences amidst a vast amount of non-relevant sequences on DNA molecules . Whether these transcription factors locate their target sites through a 1D or 3D pathway is still a matter of speculation . It has been suggested that the optimum search time is when the protein equally shares its search time between 1D and 3D diffusions . In this paper , we study the above problem using a Monte Carlo simulation by considering a very simple physical model . A 1D strip , representing a DNA , with a number of low affinity sites , corresponding to non-target sites , and high affinity sites , corresponding to target sites , is considered and later extended to a 2D strip . We study the 1D and 3D exploration pathways , and combinations of the two modes by considering three different types of molecules : a walker that randomly walks along the strip with no dissociation ; a jumper that represents dissociation and then re-association of a TF with the strip at later time at a distant site ; and a hopper that is similar to the jumper but it dissociates and then re-associates at a faster rate than the jumper . We analyze the final probability distribution of molecules for each case and find that TFs can locate their targets fast enough even if they spend 15 % of their search time diffusing freely in the solution . This indeed agrees with recent experimental results obtained by Elf et al . 2007 and is in contrast with theoretical expectation .
