0712.2097	q-bio.NC nlin.CD	Chaotic oscillations in a map-based model of neural activity	We propose a discrete time dynamical system ( a map ) as phenomenological model of excitable and spiking-bursting neurons . The model is a discontinuous two-dimensional map . We find condition under which this map has an invariant region on the phase plane , containing chaotic attractor . This attractor creates chaotic spiking-bursting oscillations of the model . We also show various regimes of other neural activities ( subthreshold oscillations , phasic spiking etc . ) derived from the proposed model .
0712.2108	q-bio.PE q-bio.GN q-bio.NC	An Illustrated Introduction to the Basic Biological Principles	Both external environmental selection and internal lower-level evolution are essential for an integral picture of evolution . This paper proposes that the division of internal evolution into DNA/RNA pattern formation ( genotype ) and protein functional action ( phenotype ) resolves a universal conflict between fitness and evolvability . Specifically , this paper explains how this universal conflict drove the emergence of genotype-phenotype division , why this labor division is responsible for the extraordinary complexity of life , and how the specific ways of genotype-phenotype mapping in the labor division determine the paths and forms of evolution and development .
0712.2188	q-bio.BM	Capillarity-like growth of protein folding nuclei	We analyzed folding routes predicted by a variational model in terms of a generalized formalism of the capillarity scaling theory for 28 two-state proteins . The scaling exponent ranged from 0.2 to 0.45 with an average of 0.33 . This average value corresponds to packing of rigid objects.That is , on average the folded core of the nucleus is found to be relatively diffuse . We also studied the growth of the folding nucleus and interface along the folding route in terms of the density or packing fraction . The evolution of the folded core and interface regions can be classified into three patterns of growth depending on how the growth of the folded core is balanced by changes in density of the interface . Finally , we quantified the diffuse versus polarized structure of the critical nucleus through direct calculation of the packing fraction of the folded core and interface regions . Our results support the general picture of describing protein folding as the capillarity-like growth of folding nuclei .
0712.2218	q-bio.NC cond-mat.dis-nn	Identification of functional information subgraphs in complex networks	We present a general information theoretic approach for identifying functional subgraphs in complex networks where the dynamics of each node are observable . We show that the uncertainty in the state of each node can be expressed as a sum of information quantities involving a growing number of correlated variables at other nodes . We demonstrate that each term in this sum is generated by successively conditioning mutual informations on new measured variables , in a way analogous to a discrete differential calculus . The analogy to a Taylor series suggests efficient search algorithms for determining the state of a target variable in terms of functional groups of other degrees of freedom . We apply this methodology to electrophysiological recordings of networks of cortical neurons grown it in vitro . Despite strong stochasticity , we show that each cell 's patterns of firing are generally explained by the activity of a small number of other neurons . We identify these neuronal subgraphs in terms of their mutually redundant or synergetic character and reconstruct neuronal circuits that account for the state of each target cell .
