0712.1970	q-bio.TO	Morphogenesis of growing soft tissues	Recently , much attention has been given to a noteworthy property of some soft tissues : their ability to grow . Many attempts have been made to model this behaviour in biology , chemistry and physics . Using the theory of finite elasticity , Rodriguez has postulated a multiplicative decomposition of the geometric deformation gradient into a growth-induced part and an elastic one needed to ensure compatibility of the body . In order to fully explore the consequences of this hypothesis , the equations describing thin elastic objects under finite growth are derived . Under appropriate scaling assumptions for the growth rates , the proposed model is of the Foppl-von Karman type . As an illustration , the circumferential growth of a free hyperelastic disk is studied .
0712.1973	q-bio.BM physics.bio-ph q-bio.SC	Conformational equilibria in monomeric alpha-synuclein at the single molecule level	Natively unstructured proteins defy the classical `` one sequence-one structure '' paradigm of protein science . Monomers of these proteins in pathological conditions can aggregate in the cell , a process that underlies socially relevant neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer and Parkinson . A full comprehension of the formation and structure of the so-called misfolded intermediates from which the aggregated states ensue is still lacking . We characterized the folding and the conformational diversity of alpha-synuclein ( aSyn ) , a natively unstructured protein involved in Parkinson disease , by mechanically stretching single molecules of this protein and recording their mechanical properties . These experiments permitted us to directly observe directly and quantify three main classes of conformations that , under in vitro physiological conditions , exist simultaneously in the aSyn sample , including disordered and `` beta-like '' structures . We found that this class of `` beta-like '' structures is directly related to aSyn aggregation . In fact , their relative abundance increases drastically in three different conditions known to promote the formation of aSyn fibrils : the presence of Cu2+ , the occurrence of the pathogenic A30P mutation , and high ionic strength . We expect that a critical concentration of aSyn with a `` beta-like '' structure must be reached to trigger fibril formation . This critical concentration is therefore controlled by a chemical equilibrium . Novel pharmacological strategies can now be tailored to act upstream , before the aggregation process ensues , by targeting this equilibrium . To this end , Single Molecule Force Spectroscopy can be an effective tool to tailor and test new pharmacological agents .
0712.2068	q-bio.GN	A mechanistic model for +1 frameshifts in eubacteria	This work applies the methods of signal processing and the concepts of control system design to model the maintenance and modulation of reading frame in the process of protein synthesis . The model shows how translational speed can modulate translational accuracy to accomplish programmed +1 frameshifts and could have implications for the regulation of translational efficiency . A series of free energy estimates were calculated from the ribosome 's interaction with mRNA sequences during the process of translation elongation in eubacteria . A sinusoidal pattern of roughly constant phase was detected in these free energy signals . Signal phase was identified as a useful parameter for locating programmed +1 frameshifts encoded in bacterial genes for release factor 2 . A displacement model was developed that captures the mechanism of frameshift based on the information content of the signal parameters and the relative abundance of tRNA in the bacterial cell . Results are presented using experimentally verified frameshift genes across eubacteria .
