0708.0111	q-bio.BM cond-mat.soft	Fluctuating semiflexible polymer ribbon constrained to a ring	Twist stiffness and an asymmetric bending stiffness of a polymer or a polymer bundle is captured by the elastic ribbon model . We investigate the effects a ring geometry induces to a thermally fluctuating ribbon , finding bend-bend coupling in addition to twist-bend coupling . Furthermore , due to the geometric constraint the polymer 's effective bending stiffness increases . A new parameter for experimental investigations of polymer bundles is proposed : the mean square diameter of a ribbonlike ring , which is determined analytically in the semiflexible limit . Monte Carlo simulations are performed which affirm the model 's prediction up to high flexibility .
0708.0156	q-bio.BM	Nucleosome Chiral Transition under Positive Torsional Stress in Single Chromatin Fibers	Using magnetic tweezers to investigate the mechanical response of single chromatin fibers , we show that fibers submitted to large positive torsion transiently trap positive turns , at a rate of one turn per nucleosome . A comparison with the response of fibers of tetrasomes ( the ( H3-H4 ) 2 tetramer bound with ~50 bp of DNA ) obtained by depletion of H2A-H2B dimers , suggests that the trapping reflects a nucleosome chiral transition to a metastable form built on the previously documented righthanded tetrasome . In view of its low energy , < 8 kT , we propose this transition is physiologically relevant and serves to break the docking of the dimers on the tetramer which in the absence of other factors exerts a strong block against elongation of transcription by the main RNA polymerase .
0708.0171	q-bio.QM cs.LG	Virtual screening with support vector machines and structure kernels	Support vector machines and kernel methods have recently gained considerable attention in chemoinformatics . They offer generally good performance for problems of supervised classification or regression , and provide a flexible and computationally efficient framework to include relevant information and prior knowledge about the data and problems to be handled . In particular , with kernel methods molecules do not need to be represented and stored explicitly as vectors or fingerprints , but only to be compared to each other through a comparison function technically called a kernel . While classical kernels can be used to compare vector or fingerprint representations of molecules , completely new kernels were developed in the recent years to directly compare the 2D or 3D structures of molecules , without the need for an explicit vectorization step through the extraction of molecular descriptors . While still in their infancy , these approaches have already demonstrated their relevance on several toxicity prediction and structure-activity relationship problems .
0708.0181	q-bio.NC q-bio.TO	Post-ischaemic treatment with the cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor nimesulide reduces blood-brain barrier disruption and leukocyte infiltration following transient focal cerebral ischaemia in rats	Several studies suggest that cyclooxygenase ( COX ) -2 plays a pivotal role in the progression of ischaemic brain damage . In the present study , we investigated the effects of selective inhibition of COX-2 with nimesulide ( 12 mg/kg ) and selective inhibition of COX-1 with valeryl salicylate ( VAS , 12-120 mg/kg ) on prostaglandin E2 ( PGE2 ) levels , myeloperoxidase ( MPO ) activity , Evans blue ( EB ) extravasation and infarct volume in a standardized model of transient focal cerebral ischaemia in the rat . Post-ischaemic treatment with nimesulide markedly reduced the increase in PGE2 levels in the ischaemic cerebral cortex 24 h after stroke and diminished infarct size by 48 % with respect to vehicle-treated animals after 3 days of reperfusion . Furthermore , nimesulide significantly attenuated the blood-brain barrier ( BBB ) damage and leukocyte infiltration ( as measured by EB leakage and MPO activity , respectively ) seen at 48 h after the initial ischaemic episode . These studies provide the first experimental evidence that COX-2 inhibition with nimesulide is able to limit BBB disruption and leukocyte infiltration following transient focal cerebral ischaemia . Neuroprotection afforded by nimesulide is observed even when the treatment is delayed until 6 h after the onset of ischaemia , confirming a wide therapeutic window of COX-2 inhibitors in experimental stroke . On the contrary , selective inhibition of COX-1 with VAS had no significant effect on the evaluated parameters . These data suggest that COX-2 activity , but not COX-1 activity , contributes to the progression of focal ischaemic brain injury , and that the beneficial effects observed with non-selective COX inhibitors are probably associated to COX-2 rather than to COX-1 inhibition .
0708.0186	q-bio.TO	Regional distribution of the prostaglandin E2 receptor EP1 in the rat brain : accumulation in Purkinje cells of the cerebellum	Prostaglandin E2 ( PGE2 ) , is a major prostanoid produced by the activity of cyclooxygenases ( COX ) in response to various physiological and pathological stimuli . PGE2 exerts its effects by activating four specific E-type prostanoid receptors ( EP1 , EP2 , EP3 , and EP4 ) . In the present study , we analyzed the expression of the PGE2 receptor EP1 ( mRNA and protein ) in different regions of the adult rat brain ( hippocampus , hypothalamus , striatum , prefrontal cerebral cortex , parietal cortex , brain stem , and cerebellum ) using reverse transcription- polymerase chain reaction , Western blotting , and immunohistochemical methods . On a regional basis , levels of EP1 mRNA were the highest in parietal cortex and cerebellum . At the protein level , we found very strong expression of EP1 in cerebellum , as revealed by Western blotting experiments . Furthermore , the present study provides for the first time evidence that the EP1 receptor is highly expressed in the cerebellum , where the Purkinje cells displayed very high immunolabeling of their perikaryon and dendrites , as observed in the immunohistochemical analysis . Results from the present study indicate that the EP1 prostanoid receptor is expressed in specific neuronal populations , which possibly determine the region-specific response to PGE2 .
0708.0187	q-bio.NC q-bio.TO	Wide therapeutic time window for nimesulide neuroprotection in a model of transient focal cerebral ischemia in the rat	Results from several studies indicate that cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) is involved in ischemic brain injury . The purpose of this study was to evaluate the neuroprotective effects of the selective COX-2 inhibitor nimesulide on cerebral infarction and neurological deficits in a standardized model of transient focal cerebral ischemia in rats . Three doses of nimesulide ( 3 , 6 and 12 mg/kg ; i.p . ) or vehicle were administered immediately after stroke and additional doses were given at 6 , 12 , 24 , 36 and 48 h after ischemia . In other set of experiments , the effect of nimesulide was studied in a situation in which its first administration was delayed for 3-24 h after ischemia . Total , cortical and subcortical infarct volumes and functional outcome ( assessed by neurological deficit score and rotarod performance ) were determined 3 days after ischemia . The effect of nimesulide on prostaglandin E ( 2 ) ( PGE ( 2 ) ) levels in the injured brain was also investigated . Nimesulide dose-dependently reduced infarct volume and improved functional recovery when compared to vehicle . Of interest is the finding that neuroprotection conferred by nimesulide ( reduction of infarct size and neurological deficits and improvement of rotarod performance ) was also observed when treatment was delayed until 24 h after ischemia . Further , administration of nimesulide in a delayed treatment paradigm completely abolished PGE ( 2 ) accumulation in the postischemic brain , suggesting that COX-2 inhibition is a promising therapeutic strategy for cerebral ischemia to target the late-occurring inflammatory events which amplify initial damage .
