0705.0912	q-bio.BM q-bio.MN	Network Structure of Protein Folding Pathways	The classical approach to protein folding inspired by statistical mechanics avoids the high dimensional structure of the conformation space by using effective coordinates . Here we introduce a network approach to capture the statistical properties of the structure of conformation spaces . Conformations are represented as nodes of the network , while links are transitions via elementary rotations around a chemical bond . Self-avoidance of a polypeptide chain introduces degree correlations in the conformation network , which in turn lead to energy landscape correlations . Folding can be interpreted as a biased random walk on the conformation network . We show that the folding pathways along energy gradients organize themselves into scale free networks , thus explaining previous observations made via molecular dynamics simulations . We also show that these energy landscape correlations are essential for recovering the observed connectivity exponent , which belongs to a different universality class than that of random energy models . In addition , we predict that the exponent and therefore the structure of the folding network fundamentally changes at high temperatures , as verified by our simulations on the AK peptide .
0705.1019	q-bio.QM	Theoretical Analysis of Subthreshold Oscillatory Behaviors in Nonlinear Autonomous Systems	We have developed a linearization method to investigate the subthreshold oscillatory behaviors in nonlinear autonomous systems . By considering firstly the neuronal system as an example , we show that this theoretical approach can predict quantitatively the subthreshold oscillatory activities , including the damping coefficients and the oscillatory frequencies which are in good agreement with those observed in experiments . Then we generalize the linearization method to an arbitrary autonomous nonlinear system . The detailed extension of this theoretical approach is also presented and further discussed .
