0710.5423	q-bio.OT	The immune system : look who 's talking	Human language and its governing rules present a number of analogies with the organization and structure of communication and information management in living organisms . This chapter will provide a short general introduction about grammar , as well as a brief explanation on how linguistic approaches effectively contaminate scientific practice , and , finally , how they can also provide systems biology with further tools and paradigms to analyse emergent behaviours and interactions among the components of a biological system .
0710.5625	q-bio.GN q-bio.QM	A simple computational method for the identification of disease-associated loci in complex , incomplete pedigrees	We present an approach , called the `` Shadow Method , '' for the identification of disease loci from dense genetic marker maps in complex , potentially incomplete pedigrees . `` Shadow '' is a simple method based on an analysis of the patterns of obligate meiotic recombination events in genotypic data . This method can be applied to any high density marker map and was specifically designed to exploit the fact that extremely dense marker maps are becoming more readily available . We also describe how to interpret and associate meaningful P-Values to the results . Shadow has significant advantages over traditional parametric linkage analysis methods in that it can be readily applied even in cases in which the topology of a pedigree or pedigrees can only be partially determined . In addition , Shadow is robust to variability in a range of parameters and in particular does not require prior knowledge of mode of inheritance , penetrance or clinical misdiagnosis rate . Shadow can be used for any SNP data , but is especially effective when applied to dense samplings . Our primary example uses data from Affymetrix 100k SNPChip samples in which we illustrate our approach by analyzing simulated data as well as genome-wide SNP data from two pedigrees with inherited forms of kidney failure , one of which is compared with a typical LOD score analysis .
