0704.3715	q-bio.QM cond-mat.soft q-bio.BM	Efficient model chemistries for peptides . I. Split-valence Gaussian basis sets and the heterolevel approximation in RHF and MP2	We present an exhaustive study of more than 250 ab initio potential energy surfaces ( PESs ) of the model dipeptide HCO-L-Ala-NH2 . The model chemistries ( MCs ) used are constructed as homo- and heterolevels involving possibly different RHF and MP2 calculations for the geometry and the energy . The basis sets used belong to a sample of 39 selected representants from Pople's split-valence families , ranging from the small 3-21G to the large 6-311++G ( 2df,2pd ) . The reference PES to which the rest are compared is the MP2/6-311++G ( 2df,2pd ) homolevel , which , as far as we are aware , is the more accurate PES of a dipeptide in the literature . The aim of the study presented is twofold : On the one hand , the evaluation of the influence of polarization and diffuse functions in the basis set , distinguishing between those placed at 1st-row atoms and those placed at hydrogens , as well as the effect of different contraction and valence splitting schemes . On the other hand , the investigation of the heterolevel assumption , which is defined here to be that which states that heterolevel MCs are more efficient than homolevel MCs . The heterolevel approximation is very commonly used in the literature , but it is seldom checked . As far as we know , the only tests for peptides or related systems , have been performed using a small number of conformers , and this is the first time that this potentially very economical approximation is tested in full PESs . In order to achieve these goals , all data sets have been compared and analyzed in a way which captures the nearness concept in the space of MCs .
0704.3724	q-bio.NC q-bio.MN	A Model of Late Long-Term Potentiation Simulates Aspects of Memory Maintenance	Late long-term potentiation ( L-LTP ) appears essential for the formation of long-term memory , with memories at least partly encoded by patterns of strengthened synapses . How memories are preserved for months or years , despite molecular turnover , is not well understood . Ongoing recurrent neuronal activity , during memory recall or during sleep , has been hypothesized to preferentially potentiate strong synapses , preserving memories . This hypothesis has not been evaluated in the context of a mathematical model representing biochemical pathways important for L-LTP . I incorporated ongoing activity into two such models : a reduced model that represents some of the essential biochemical processes , and a more detailed published model . The reduced model represents synaptic tagging and gene induction intuitively , and the detailed model adds activation of essential kinases by Ca . Ongoing activity was modeled as continual brief elevations of [ Ca ] . In each model , two stable states of synaptic weight resulted . Positive feedback between synaptic weight and the amplitude of ongoing Ca transients underlies this bistability . A tetanic or theta-burst stimulus switches a model synapse from a low weight to a high weight stabilized by ongoing activity . Bistability was robust to parameter variations . Simulations illustrated that prolonged decreased activity reset synapses to low weights , suggesting a plausible forgetting mechanism . However , episodic activity with shorter inactive intervals maintained strong synapses . Both models support experimental predictions . Tests of these predictions are expected to further understanding of how neuronal activity is coupled to maintenance of synaptic strength .
0704.3748	q-bio.QM cond-mat.stat-mech physics.bio-ph q-bio.MN	Clustering Coefficients of Protein-Protein Interaction Networks	The properties of certain networks are determined by hidden variables that are not explicitly measured . The conditional probability ( propagator ) that a vertex with a given value of the hidden variable is connected to k of other vertices determines all measurable properties . We study hidden variable models and find an averaging approximation that enables us to obtain a general analytical result for the propagator . Analytic results showing the validity of the approximation are obtained . We apply hidden variable models to protein-protein interaction networks ( PINs ) in which the hidden variable is the association free-energy , determined by distributions that depend on biochemistry and evolution . We compute degree distributions as well as clustering coefficients of several PINs of different species ; good agreement with measured data is obtained . For the human interactome two different parameter sets give the same degree distributions , but the computed clustering coefficients differ by a factor of about two . This shows that degree distributions are not sufficient to determine the properties of PINs .
0704.3771	q-bio.PE q-bio.MN	Primordial Evolution in the Finitary Process Soup	A general and basic model of primordial evolution -- a soup of reacting finitary and discrete processes -- is employed to identify and analyze fundamental mechanisms that generate and maintain complex structures in prebiotic systems . The processes -- $ \epsilon $ -machines as defined in computational mechanics -- and their interaction networks both provide well defined notions of structure . This enables us to quantitatively demonstrate hierarchical self-organization in the soup in terms of complexity . We found that replicating processes evolve the strategy of successively building higher levels of organization by autocatalysis . Moreover , this is facilitated by local components that have low structural complexity , but high generality . In effect , the finitary process soup spontaneously evolves a selection pressure that favors such components . In light of the finitary process soup 's generality , these results suggest a fundamental law of hierarchical systems : global complexity requires local simplicity .
