0706.1504	q-bio.SC q-bio.BM	Free Energy of Activation for the Comorosan Effect	Initial reaction rate data for lactic dehydrogenase / pyruvate , lactic dehydrogenase / lactate and malic dehydrogenase / malate enzyme reactions were analyzed to obtain activation free energy changes of -329 , -195 and -221 cal/mole , respectively , for rate increases associated with time-specific irradiation of the crystalline substrates prior to dissolution and incorporation in the reaction solutions . These energies , presumably , correspond to conformational or vibrational changes in the reactants or the activated complex . For the lactic dehydrogenase / pyruvate reaction , it is estimated that on the order of 10 % of the irradiation energy ( 546 nm , 400 footcandles for 5 seconds ) would be required to produce the observed reaction rate increase if a presumed photoproduct is consumed stoichiometrically with the pyruvate substrate . These findings are consistent with the proposition that the observed reaction rate enhancement involves photoproducts derived from oscillatory atmospheric gas reactions at the crystalline enzyme substrate surfaces rather than photo-excitations of the substrate molecules , per se .
0706.1568	q-bio.CB	Simulating non-small cell lung cancer with a multiscale agent-based model	Background The epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) is frequently overexpressed in many cancers , including non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) . In silcio modeling is considered to be an increasingly promising tool to add useful insights into the dynamics of the EGFR signal transduction pathway . However , most of the previous modeling work focused on the molecular or the cellular level only , neglecting the crucial feedback between these scales as well as the interaction with the heterogeneous biochemical microenvironment . Results We developed a multiscale model for investigating expansion dynamics of NSCLC within a two-dimensional in silico microenvironment . At the molecular level , a specific EGFR-ERK intracellular signal transduction pathway was implemented . Dynamical alterations of these molecules were used to trigger phenotypic changes at the cellular level . Examining the relationship between extrinsic ligand concentrations , intrinsic molecular profiles and microscopic patterns , the results confirmed that increasing the amount of available growth factor leads to a spatially more aggressive cancer system . Moreover , for the cell closest to nutrient abundance , a phase-transition emerges where a minimal increase in extrinsic ligand abolishes the proliferative phenotype altogether . Conclusions Our in silico results indicate that , in NSCLC , in the presence of a strong extrinsic chemotactic stimulus , and depending on the cell 's location , downstream EGFR-ERK signaling may be processed more efficiently , thereby yielding a migration-dominant cell phenotype and overall , an accelerated spatio-temporal expansion rate .
