0708.3499	q-bio.PE cs.CE cs.DM	Comparison of Tree-Child Phylogenetic Networks	Phylogenetic networks are a generalization of phylogenetic trees that allow for the representation of non-treelike evolutionary events , like recombination , hybridization , or lateral gene transfer . In this paper , we present and study a new class of phylogenetic networks , called tree-child phylogenetic networks , where every non-extant species has some descendant through mutation . We provide an injective representation of these networks as multisets of vectors of natural numbers , their path multiplicity vectors , and we use this representation to define a distance on this class and to give an alignment method for pairs of these networks . To the best of our knowledge , they are respectively the first true distance and the first alignment method defined on a meaningful class of phylogenetic networks strictly extending the class of phylogenetic trees . Simple , polynomial algorithms for reconstructing a tree-child phylogenetic network from its path multiplicity vectors , for computing the distance between two tree-child phylogenetic networks , and for aligning a pair of tree-child phylogenetic networks , are provided , and they have been implemented as a Perl package and a Java applet , and they are available at http : //bioinfo.uib.es/~recerca/phylonetworks/mudistance
0708.3509	q-bio.BM cond-mat.stat-mech q-bio.QM	Modeling polymerization of microtubules : a quantum mechanical approach	In this paper a quantum mechanical description of the assembly/disassembly process for microtubules is proposed . We introduce creation and annihilation operators that raise or lower the microtubule length by a tubulin layer . Following that , the Hamiltonian and corresponding equations of motion for the quantum fields are derived that describe the dynamics of microtubules . These Heisenberg-type equations are then transformed to semi-classical equations using the method of coherent structures . We find that the dynamics of a microtubule can be mathematically expressed via a cubic-quintic nonlinear Schr\ '' { o } dinger ( NLS ) equation . We show that a vortex filament , a generic solution of the NLS equation , exhibits linear growth/shrinkage in time as well as temporal fluctuations about some mean value which is qualitatively similar to the dynamic instability of microtubules .
0708.3599	q-bio.MN	Enzyme localization can drastically affect signal amplification in signal transduction pathways	Push-pull networks are ubiquitous in signal transduction pathways in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells . They allow cells to strongly amplify signals via the mechanism of zero-order ultrasensitivity . In a push-pull network , two antagonistic enzymes control the activity of a protein by covalent modification . These enzymes are often uniformly distributed in the cytoplasm . They can , however , also be colocalized in space , for instance , near the pole of the cell . Moreover , it is increasingly recognized that these enzymes can also be spatially separated , leading to gradients of the active form of the messenger protein . Here , we investigate the consequences of the spatial distributions of the enzymes for the amplification properties of push-pull networks . Our calculations reveal that enzyme localization by itself can have a dramatic effect on the gain . The gain is maximized when the two enzymes are either uniformly distributed or colocalized in one region in the cell . Depending on the diffusion constants , however , the sharpness of the response can be strongly reduced when the enzymes are spatially separated . We discuss how our predictions could be tested experimentally .
0708.3627	q-bio.QM cond-mat.stat-mech physics.comp-ph q-bio.BM	Optimizing Replica Exchange Moves For Molecular Dynamics	In this short note we sketch the statistical physics framework of the replica exchange technique when applied to molecular dynamics simulations . In particular , we draw attention to generalized move sets that allow a variety of optimizations as well as new applications of the method .
