0705.0201	q-bio.PE q-bio.BM	Neutral genetic drift can aid functional protein evolution	BACKGROUND : Many of the mutations accumulated by naturally evolving proteins are neutral in the sense that they do not significantly alter a protein's ability to perform its primary biological function . However , new protein functions evolve when selection begins to favor other , `` promiscuous '' functions that are incidental to a protein 's biological role . If mutations that are neutral with respect to a protein 's primary biological function cause substantial changes in promiscuous functions , these mutations could enable future functional evolution . RESULTS : Here we investigate this possibility experimentally by examining how cytochrome P450 enzymes that have evolved neutrally with respect to activity on a single substrate have changed in their abilities to catalyze reactions on five other substrates . We find that the enzymes have sometimes changed as much as four-fold in the promiscuous activities . The changes in promiscuous activities tend to increase with the number of mutations , and can be largely rationalized in terms of the chemical structures of the substrates . The activities on chemically similar substrates tend to change in a coordinated fashion , potentially providing a route for systematically predicting the change in one function based on the measurement of several others . CONCLUSIONS : Our work suggests that initially neutral genetic drift can lead to substantial changes in protein functions that are not currently under selection , in effect poising the proteins to more readily undergo functional evolution should selection `` ask new questions '' in the future .
0705.0227	q-bio.CB q-bio.PE	Self assembly of a model multicellular organism resembling the Dictyostelium slime molds	The evolution of multicellular organisms from monocellular ancestors represents one of the greatest advances of the history of life . The assembly of such multicellular organisms requires signalling and response between cells : over millions of years these signalling processes have become extremely sophisticated and refined by evolution , such that study of modern organisms may not be able to shed much light on the original ancient processes . Here we are interested in determining how simple a signalling method can be , while still achieving self-assembly . In 2D a coupled cellular automaton/differential equation approach models organisms and chemotaxic chemicals , producing spiralling aggregation . In 3D Lennard-Jones-like particles are used to represent single cells , and their evolution in response to signalling is followed by molecular dynamics . It is found that if a single cell is able to emit a signal which induces others to move towards it , then a colony of single-cell organisms can assemble into shapes as complex as a tower , a ball atop a stalk , or a fast-moving slug . The similarity with the behaviour of modern Dictyostelium slime molds signalling with cyclic adenosine monophosphate ( cAMP ) is striking .
0705.0313	q-bio.MN	Information flow and optimization in transcriptional control	In the simplest view of transcriptional regulation , the expression of a gene is turned on or off by changes in the concentration of a transcription factor ( TF ) . We use recent data on noise levels in gene expression to show that it should be possible to transmit much more than just one regulatory bit . Realizing this optimal information capacity would require that the dynamic range of TF concentrations used by the cell , the input/output relation of the regulatory module , and the noise levels of binding and transcription satisfy certain matching relations . This parameter-free prediction is in good agreement with recent experiments on the Bicoid/Hunchback system in the early Drosophila embryo , and this system achieves ~90 % of its theoretical maximum information transmission .
0705.0374	q-bio.TO q-bio.QM	Immunohistochemical pitfalls in the demonstration of insulin-degrading enzyme in normal and neoplastic human tissues	Previously , we have identified the cytoplasmic zinc metalloprotease insulin-degrading enzyme ( IDE ) in human tissues by an immunohistochemical method involving no antigen retrieval ( AR ) by pressure cooking to avoid artifacts by endogenous biotin exposure and a detection kit based on the labeled streptavidin biotin ( LSAB ) method . Thereby , we also employed 3 % hydrogen peroxide ( H2O2 ) for the inhibition of endogenous peroxidase activity and incubated the tissue sections with the biotinylated secondary antibody at room temperature ( RT ) . We now add the immunohistochemical details that had led us to this optimized procedure as they also bear a more general relevance when demonstrating intracellular tissue antigens . Our most important result is that endogenous peroxidase inhibition by 0.3 % H2O2 coincided with an apparently positive IDE staining in an investigated breast cancer specimen whereas combining a block by 3 % H2O2 with an incubation of the biotinylated secondary antibody at RT , yet not at 37 degrees Celsius , revealed this specimen as almost entirely IDE-negative . Our present data caution against three different immunohistochemical pitfalls that might cause falsely positive results and artifacts when using an LSAB- and peroxidase-based detection method : pressure cooking for AR , insufficient quenching of endogenous peroxidases and heating of tissue sections while incubating with biotinylated secondary antibodies .
