0708.2121	q-bio.GN q-bio.BM q-bio.QM	Detection of an ancient principle and an elegant solution to the protein classification problem	This work is concerned with the development of a well-founded , theoretically justified , and least complicated metric for the classification of proteins with reference to enzymes . As the signature of an enzyme family , a catalytic domain is easily fingerprinted . Given that the classification problem has so far seemed intractable , a classification schema derived from the catalytic domain would be satisfying . Here I show that there exists a natural ab initio if nonobvious basis to theorize that the catalytic domain of an enzyme is uniquely informative about its regulation . This annotates its function . Based on this hypothesis , a method that correctly classifies potassium ion channels into their respective subfamilies is described . To put the principle on firmer ground , extra validation was sought and obtained through co-evolutionary analyses . The co-evolutionary analyses reveal a departure from the notion that potassium ion channel proteins are functionally modular . This finding is discussed in light of the prevailing notion of domain . These studies establish that significant co-evolution of the catalytic domain of a gene with its conjoint domain is a specialized , necessary process following fusion and swapping events in evolution . Instances of this discovery are likely to be found pervasive in protein science .
0708.2141	q-bio.OT	A model for exploring bird morphology	A simplified model of the bird skeleton along with elongation parameters for the flight feathers is used to explore the diversity of bird shapes . Varying a small number of parameters simulates a wide range of observed bird silhouettes . The model may serve to examine developmental factors involved , help museum curators develop computational approaches to bird morphometry and has applications in computer generated illustration .
0708.2147	q-bio.PE	The logistic equation and a critique of the theory of natural selection	Species coexistence is one of the central themes in modern ecology . Coexistence is a prerequisite of biological diversity . However , the question arises how biodiversity can be reconciled with the statement of competition theory , which asserts that competing species can not coexist . To solve this problem natural selection theory is rejected because it contradicts kinetic models of interacting populations . Biological evolution is presented as a process equivalent to a chemical reaction . The main point is that interactions occur between self-replicating units . Under these assumptions biodiversity is possible if and only if species are identical with respect to the patterns of energy flow in which individuals are involved .
0708.2308	q-bio.CB	Intermittent dynamics and 1/f^beta noise in single cardiac muscle cells	Fluctuations in the spontaneous beating activity of isolated cardiac cells were studied over a timescale of six decades . The beat dynamics of single cardiac cells were heterogeneous and intermittent . The interbeat intervals ( IBIs ) were power-law distributed in a long-time regime . Furthermore , for long timescales up to the experimental window , the autocorrelation of IBIs exhibits a scaling behavior of 1/f^beta-noise type . These observations suggest that 1/f^beta noise is an intrinsic characteristic of spontaneous activity of single cardiac cells .
