0708.1865	q-bio.MN physics.bio-ph q-bio.QM	Metabolite essentiality elucidates robustness of Escherichia coli metabolism	Complex biological systems are very robust to genetic and environmental changes at all levels of organization . Many biological functions of Escherichia coli metabolism can be sustained against single-gene or even multiple-gene mutations by using redundant or alternative pathways . Thus , only a limited number of genes have been identified to be lethal to the cell . In this regard , the reaction-centric gene deletion study has a limitation in understanding the metabolic robustness . Here , we report the use of flux-sum , which is the summation of all incoming or outgoing fluxes around a particular metabolite under pseudo-steady state conditions , as a good conserved property for elucidating such robustness of E. coli from the metabolite point of view . The functional behavior , as well as the structural and evolutionary properties of metabolites essential to the cell survival , was investigated by means of a constraints-based flux analysis under perturbed conditions . The essential metabolites are capable of maintaining a steady flux-sum even against severe perturbation by actively redistributing the relevant fluxes . Disrupting the flux-sum maintenance was found to suppress cell growth . This approach of analyzing metabolite essentiality provides insight into cellular robustness and concomitant fragility , which can be used for several applications , including the development of new drugs for treating pathogens .
0708.1899	q-bio.QM	A First Exposure to Statistical Mechanics for Life Scientists	Statistical mechanics is one of the most powerful and elegant tools in the quantitative sciences . One key virtue of statistical mechanics is that it is designed to examine large systems with many interacting degrees of freedom , providing a clue that it might have some bearing on the analysis of the molecules of living matter . As a result of data on biological systems becoming increasingly quantitative , there is a concomitant demand that the models set forth to describe biological systems be themselves quantitative . We describe how statistical mechanics is part of the quantitative toolkit that is needed to respond to such data . The power of statistical mechanics is not limited to traditional physical and chemical problems and there are a host of interesting ways in which these ideas can be applied in biology . This article reports on our efforts to teach statistical mechanics to life science students and provides a framework for others interested in bringing these tools to a nontraditional audience in the life sciences .
0708.1928	q-bio.BM	Microtubule dynamics depart from wormlike chain model	Thermal shape fluctuations of grafted microtubules were studied using high resolution particle tracking of attached fluorescent beads . First mode relaxation times were extracted from the mean square displacement in the transverse coordinate . For microtubules shorter than 10 um , the relaxation times were found to follow an L^2 dependence instead of L^4 as expected from the standard wormlike chain model . This length dependence is shown to result from a complex length dependence of the bending stiffness which can be understood as a result of the molecular architecture of microtubules . For microtubules shorter than 5 um , high drag coefficients indicate contributions from internal friction to the fluctuation dynamics .
0708.1971	q-bio.TO	Nimesulide limits kainate-induced oxidative damage in the rat hippocampus	Kainate induces a marked expression of cyclooxygenase-2 after its systemic administration . Because cyclooxygenase-2 activity is associated to the production of reactive oxygen species , we investigated the effects of nimesulide , a selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor , on kainate-induced in vivo oxidative damage in the rat hippocampus . A clinically relevant dose of nimesulide ( 6 mg/kg , i.p . ) was administered three times following kainate application ( 9 mg/kg , i.p . ) . After 24 h of kainate administration , the drastic decrease in hippocampal glutathione content and the significant increase in lipid peroxidation were attenuated in nimesulide-treated rats , suggesting that the induction of cyclooxygenase-2 is involved in kainate-mediated free radicals formation .
0708.2038	q-bio.GN	Genome landscapes and bacteriophage codon usage	Across all kingdoms of biological life , protein-coding genes exhibit unequal usage of synonmous codons . Although alternative theories abound , translational selection has been accepted as an important mechanism that shapes the patterns of codon usage in prokaryotes and simple eukaryotes . Here we analyze patterns of codon usage across 74 diverse bacteriophages that infect E. coli , P. aeruginosa and L. lactis as their primary host . We introduce the concept of a `genome landscape , ' which helps reveal non-trivial , long-range patterns in codon usage across a genome . We develop a series of randomization tests that allow us to interrogate the significance of one aspect of codon usage , such a GC content , while controlling for another aspect , such as adaptation to host-preferred codons . We find that 33 phage genomes exhibit highly non-random patterns in their GC3-content , use of host-preferred codons , or both . We show that the head and tail proteins of these phages exhibit significant bias towards host-preferred codons , relative to the non-structural phage proteins . Our results support the hypothesis of translational selection on viral genes for host-preferred codons , over a broad range of bacteriophages .
