0704.1546	q-bio.BM	Optimal flexibility for conformational transitions in macromolecules	Conformational transitions in macromolecular complexes often involve the reorientation of lever-like structures . Using a simple theoretical model , we show that the rate of such transitions is drastically enhanced if the lever is bendable , e.g . at a localized `` hinge '' . Surprisingly , the transition is fastest with an intermediate flexibility of the hinge . In this intermediate regime , the transition rate is also least sensitive to the amount of `` cargo '' attached to the lever arm , which could be exploited by molecular motors . To explain this effect , we generalize the Kramers-Langer theory for multi-dimensional barrier crossing to configuration dependent mobility matrices .
0704.1667	q-bio.MN cond-mat.stat-mech	Stochastic fluctuations in metabolic pathways	Fluctuations in the abundance of molecules in the living cell may affect its growth and well being . For regulatory molecules ( e.g. , signaling proteins or transcription factors ) , fluctuations in their expression can affect the levels of downstream targets in a network . Here , we develop an analytic framework to investigate the phenomenon of noise correlation in molecular networks . Specifically , we focus on the metabolic network , which is highly inter-linked , and noise properties may constrain its structure and function . Motivated by the analogy between the dynamics of a linear metabolic pathway and that of the exactly soluable linear queueing network or , alternatively , a mass transfer system , we derive a plethora of results concerning fluctuations in the abundance of intermediate metabolites in various common motifs of the metabolic network . For all but one case examined , we find the steady-state fluctuation in different nodes of the pathways to be effectively uncorrelated . Consequently , fluctuations in enzyme levels only affect local properties and do not propagate elsewhere into metabolic networks , and intermediate metabolites can be freely shared by different reactions . Our approach may be applicable to study metabolic networks with more complex topologies , or protein signaling networks which are governed by similar biochemical reactions . Possible implications for bioinformatic analysis of metabolimic data are discussed .
