0709.0552	q-bio.SC q-bio.MN	Cancer Genesis and Progression as Dynamics in Functional Landscape of Endogenous Molecular-Cellular Network	An endogenous molecular-cellular network for both normal and abnormal functions is assumed to exist . This endogenous network forms a nonlinear stochastic dynamical system , with many stable attractors in its functional landscape . Normal or abnormal robust states can be decided by this network in a manner similar to the neural network . In this context cancer is hypothesized as one of its robust intrinsic states . This hypothesis implies that a nonlinear stochastic mathematical cancer model is constructible based on available experimental data and its quantitative prediction is directly testable . Within such model the genesis and progression of cancer may be viewed as stochastic transitions between different attractors . Thus it further suggests that progressions are not arbitrary . Other important issues on cancer , such as genetic vs epigenetics , double-edge effect , dormancy , are discussed in the light of present hypothesis . A different set of strategies for cancer prevention , cure , and care , is therefore suggested .
0709.0625	q-bio.QM q-bio.OT	Efficient Implementation of the AI-REML Iteration for Variance Component QTL Analysis	Regions in the genome that affect complex traits , quantitative trait loci ( QTL ) , can be identified using statistical analysis of genetic and phenotypic data . When restricted maximum-likelihood ( REML ) models are used , the mapping procedure is normally computationally demanding . We develop a new efficient computational scheme for QTL mapping using variance component analysis and the AI-REML algorithm . The algorithm uses an exact or approximative low-rank representation of the identity-by-descent matrix , which combined with the Woodbury formula for matrix inversion results in that the computations in the AI-REML iteration body can be performed more efficiently . For cases where an exact low-rank representation of the IBD matrix is available a-priori , the improved AI-REML algorithm normally runs almost twice as fast compared to the standard version . When an exact low-rank representation is not available , a truncated spectral decomposition is used to determine a low-rank approximation . We show that also in this case , the computational efficiency of the AI-REML scheme can often be significantly improved .
0709.0679	q-bio.BM physics.bio-ph q-bio.CB	Curvature and torsion in growing actin networks	Intracellular pathogens such as Listeria monocytogenes and Rickettsia rickettsii move within a host cell by polymerizing a comet-tail of actin fibers that ultimately pushes the cell forward . This dense network of cross-linked actin polymers typically exhibits a striking curvature that causes bacteria to move in gently looping paths . Theoretically , tail curvature has been linked to details of motility by considering force and torque balances from a finite number of polymerizing filaments . Here we track beads coated with a prokaryotic activator of actin polymerization in three dimensions to directly quantify the curvature and torsion of bead motility paths . We find that bead paths are more likely to have low rather than high curvature at any given time . Furthermore , path curvature changes very slowly in time , with an autocorrelation decay time of 200 seconds . Paths with a small radius of curvature , therefore , remain so for an extended period resulting in loops when confined to two dimensions . When allowed to explore a 3D space , path loops are less evident . Finally , we quantify the torsion in the bead paths and show that beads do not exhibit a significant left- or right-handed bias to their motion in 3D . These results suggest that paths of actin-propelled objects may be attributed to slow changes in curvature rather than a fixed torque .
