0707.3671	q-bio.OT q-bio.QM	New method for the study of psychotropic drug effects under simulated clinical conditions	The sensory contact model allows forming different psychopathological states ( anxious depression , catalepsy , social withdrawal , pathological aggression , hypersensitivity , cognition disturbances , anhedonia , alcoholism etc . ) produced by repeated agonistic interactions in male mice and investigating the therapeutic and preventive properties of any drug as well as its efficiency under simulated clinical conditions . This approach can be useful for a better understanding of the drugs ' action in different stages of disease development in individuals . It is suggested that this pharmacological approach may be applied for the screening of different novel psychotropic drugs .
0707.3690	q-bio.QM cond-mat.mtrl-sci cond-mat.soft math-ph math.MP	Virus Structure : From Crick and Watson to a New Conjecture	We conjecture that certain patterns ( scars ) , theoretically and numerically predicted to be formed by electrons arranged on a sphere to minimize the repulsive Coulomb potential ( the Thomson problem ) and experimentally found in spherical crystals formed by self-assembled polystyrene beads ( an instance of the generalized Thomson problem ) , could be relevant to extend the classic Caspar and Klug construction for icosahedrally-shaped virus capsids . The main idea is that scars could be produced at an intermediate stage of the assembly of the virus capsids and the release of the bending energy present in scars into stretching energy could allow for a variety of non-spherical capsids' shapes . The conjecture can be tested in experiments on the assembly of artificial protein-cages where these scars should appear .
0707.3716	q-bio.CB q-bio.BM	Post-transcriptional Regulation Drives Temporal Compartmentalization of the Yeast Metabolic Cycle	The maintainance of a stable periodicity during the yeast metabolic cycle involving approximately half of the genome requires a very strict and efficient control of gene expression . For this reason , the metabolic cycle is a very good candidate for testing the role of a class of post-transcriptional regulators , the so called PUF-family , whose genome-wide mRNA binding specificity was recently experimentally assessed . Here we show that an integrated computational analysis of gene expression time series during the metabolic cycle and the mRNA binding specificity of PUF-family proteins allow for a clear demonstration of the very specific role exerted by selective post-transcriptional mRNA degradation in yeast metabolic cycle global regulation .
0707.3719	q-bio.BM	Funnels in Energy Landscapes	Local minima and the saddle points separating them in the energy landscape are known to dominate the dynamics of biopolymer folding . Here we introduce a notion of a `` folding funnel '' that is concisely defined in terms of energy minima and saddle points , while at the same time conforming to a notion of a '' folding funnel '' as it is discussed in the protein folding literature .
0707.3750	q-bio.QM cs.DC	Recent Advances in Solving the Protein Threading Problem	The fold recognition methods are promissing tools for capturing the structure of a protein by its amino acid residues sequence but their use is still restricted by the needs of huge computational resources and suitable efficient algorithms as well . In the recent version of FROST ( Fold Recognition Oriented Search Tool ) package the most efficient algorithm for solving the Protein Threading Problem ( PTP ) is implemented due to the strong collaboration between the SYMBIOSE group in IRISA and MIG in Jouy-en-Josas . In this paper , we present the diverse components of FROST , emphasizing on the recent advances in formulating and solving new versions of the PTP and on the way of solving on a computer cluster a million of instances in a easonable time .
0707.3770	q-bio.PE q-bio.QM	Genetic progression and the waiting time to cancer	Cancer results from genetic alterations that disturb the normal cooperative behavior of cells . Recent high-throughput genomic studies of cancer cells have shown that the mutational landscape of cancer is complex and that individual cancers may evolve through mutations in as many as 20 different cancer-associated genes . We use data published by Sjoblom et al . ( 2006 ) to develop a new mathematical model for the somatic evolution of colorectal cancers . We employ the Wright-Fisher process for exploring the basic parameters of this evolutionary process and derive an analytical approximation for the expected waiting time to the cancer phenotype . Our results highlight the relative importance of selection over both the size of the cell population at risk and the mutation rate . The model predicts that the observed genetic diversity of cancer genomes can arise under a normal mutation rate if the average selective advantage per mutation is on the order of 1 % . Increased mutation rates due to genetic instability would allow even smaller selective advantages during tumorigenesis . The complexity of cancer progression thus can be understood as the result of multiple sequential mutations , each of which has a relatively small but positive effect on net cell growth .
0707.3775	q-bio.BM q-bio.QM	Predicting Knot or Catenane Type of Site-Specific Recombination Products	Site-specific recombination on supercoiled circular DNA yields a variety of knotted or catenated products . We develop a model of this process , and give extensive experimental evidence that the assumptions of our model are reasonable . We then characterize all possible knot or catenane products that arise from the most common substrates . We apply our model to tightly prescribe the knot or catenane type of previously uncharacterized data .
0707.3811	q-bio.GN	Global regulation of genome duplication in eukaryotes : an overview from the epifluorescence microscope	In eukaryotes , DNA replication is initiated along each chromosome at multiple sites called replication origins . Locally , each replication origin is '' licensed '' , or specified , at the end of the M and the beginning of G1 phases of the cell cycle . During S phase when DNA synthesis takes place , origins are activated in stages corresponding to early and late replicating domains . The staged and progressive activation of replication origins reflects the need to maintain a strict balance between the number of active replication forks and the rate at which DNA synthesis procedes . This suggests that origin densities ( frequency of intiation ) and replication fork movement ( rates of elongation ) must be co-regulated in order to guarantee the efficient and complete duplication of each subchromosomal domain . Emerging evidence supports this proposal and suggests that the ATM/ATR intra-S phase checkpoint plays an important role in the co-regulation of initiation frequencies and rates of elongation . In the following , we review recent results concerning the mechanisms governing the global regulation of DNA replication and discuss the roles these mechanisms play in maintaining genome stability during both a normal and perturbed S phase .
