0709.4164	q-bio.BM	Compound-specific isotope analysis	The isotopic composition , for example , 14C/12C , 13C/12C , 2H/1H , 15N/14N and 18O/16O , of the elements of matter is heterogeneous . It is ruled by physical , chemical and biological mechanisms . Isotopes can be employed to follow the fate of mineral and organic compounds during biogeochemical transformations . The determination of the isotopic composition of organic substances occurring at trace level in very complex mixtures such as sediments , soils and blood , has been made possible during the last 20 years due to the rapid development of molecular level isotopic techniques . After a brief glance at pioneering studies revealing isotopic breakthroughs at the molecular and intramolecular levels , this paper reviews selected applications of compound-specific isotope analysis in various scientific fields .
0709.4200	q-bio.GN q-bio.QM	Copy Number Variants and Segmental Duplications Show Different Formation Signatures	In addition to variation in terms of single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) , whole regions ranging from several kilobases up to a megabase in length differ in copy number among individuals . These differences are referred to as Copy Number Variants ( CNVs ) and extensive mapping of these is underway . Recent studies have highlighted their great prevalence in the human genome . Segmental Duplications ( SDs ) are long ( > 1kb ) stretches of duplicated DNA with high sequence identity . First , we analyzed the co-localization of SDs and find that SDs are significantly co-localized with each other , resulting in a power-law distribution , which suggests a preferential attachment mechanism , i.e . existing SDs are likely to be involved in creating new ones nearby . Second , we look at the relationship of CNVs/SDs with various types of repeats . We we find that the previously recognized association of SDs with Alu elements is significantly stronger for older SDs and is sharply decreasing for younger ones . While it might be expected that the patterns should be similar for SDs and CNVs , we find , surprisingly , no association of CNVs with Alu elements . This trend is consistent with the decreasing correlation between Alu elements and younger SDs , the activity of Alu elements has been decreasing and by now it they seem no longer active . Furthermore , we find a striking association of SDs with processed pseudogenes suggesting that they may also have mediated SD formation . Moreover , find strong association with microsatellites for both SDs and CNVs that suggests a role for satellites in the formation of both .
0709.4206	q-bio.GN physics.bio-ph	In silico network topology-based prediction of gene essentiality	The identification of genes essential for survival is important for the understanding of the minimal requirements for cellular life and for drug design . As experimental studies with the purpose of building a catalog of essential genes for a given organism are time-consuming and laborious , a computational approach which could predict gene essentiality with high accuracy would be of great value . We present here a novel computational approach , called NTPGE ( Network Topology-based Prediction of Gene Essentiality ) , that relies on network topology features of a gene to estimate its essentiality . The first step of NTPGE is to construct the integrated molecular network for a given organism comprising protein physical , metabolic and transcriptional regulation interactions . The second step consists in training a decision tree-based machine learning algorithm on known essential and non-essential genes of the organism of interest , considering as learning attributes the network topology information for each of these genes . Finally , the decision tree classifier generated is applied to the set of genes of this organism to estimate essentiality for each gene . We applied the NTPGE approach for discovering essential genes in Escherichia coli and then assessed its performance .
0709.4209	q-bio.MN	Information capacity of genetic regulatory elements	Changes in a cell 's external or internal conditions are usually reflected in the concentrations of the relevant transcription factors . These proteins in turn modulate the expression levels of the genes under their control and sometimes need to perform non-trivial computations that integrate several inputs and affect multiple genes . At the same time , the activities of the regulated genes would fluctuate even if the inputs were held fixed , as a consequence of the intrinsic noise in the system , and such noise must fundamentally limit the reliability of any genetic computation . Here we use information theory to formalize the notion of information transmission in simple genetic regulatory elements in the presence of physically realistic noise sources . The dependence of this `` channel capacity '' on noise parameters , cooperativity and cost of making signaling molecules is explored systematically . We find that , at least in principle , capacities higher than one bit should be achievable and that consequently genetic regulation is not limited the use of binary , or `` on-off '' , components .
