0709.2015	q-bio.PE q-bio.OT	Complexity , Collective Effects and Modelling of Ecosystems : formation , function and stability	We discuss the relevance of studying ecology within the framework of Complexity Science from a statistical mechanics approach . Ecology is concerned with understanding how systems level properties emerge out of the multitude of interactions amongst large numbers of components , leading to ecosystems that possess the prototypical characteristics of complex systems . We argue that statistical mechanics is at present the best methodology available to obtain a quantitative description of complex systems , and that ecology is in urgent need of `` integrative '' approaches that are quantitative and non-stationary . We describe examples where combining statistical mechanics and ecology has led to improved ecological modelling and , at the same time , broadened the scope of statistical mechanics .
0709.2027	q-bio.GN q-bio.PE	Units of genetic transfer in prokaryotes	The transfer of genetic materials across species ( lateral genetic transfer , LGT ) contributes to genomic and physiological innovation in prokaryotes . The extent of LGT in prokaryotes has been examined in a number of studies , but the unit of transfer has not been studied in a rigorous manner . Using a rigorous phylogenetic approach , we analysed the units of LGT within families of single-copy genes obtained from 144 fully sequenced prokaryote genomes . A total of 30.3 % of these gene families show evidence of LGT . We found that the transfer of gene fragments has been more frequent than the transfer of entire genes , suggesting the extent of LGT has been underestimated . We found little functional bias between within-gene ( fragmentary ) and whole-gene ( non-fragmentary ) genetic transfer , but non-fragmentary transfer has been more frequent into pathogens than into non-pathogens . As gene families that contain probable paralogs were excluded from the current study , our results may still underestimate the extent of LGT ; nonetheless this is the most-comprehensive study to date of the unit of LGT among prokaryote genomes .
0709.2030	q-bio.GN q-bio.PE	Protein domains as units of genetic transfer	Genomes evolve as modules . In prokaryotes ( and some eukaryotes ) , genetic material can be transferred between species and integrated into the genome via homologous or illegitimate recombination . There is little reason to imagine that the units of transfer correspond to entire genes ; however , such units have not been rigorously characterized . We examined fragmentary genetic transfers in single-copy gene families from 144 prokaryotic genomes and found that breakpoints are located significantly closer to the boundaries of genomic regions that encode annotated structural domains of proteins than expected by chance , particularly when recombining sequences are more divergent . This correlation results from recombination events themselves and not from differential nucleotide substitution . We report the first systematic study relating genetic recombination to structural features at the protein level .
0709.2031	q-bio.GN q-bio.PE	Genetic transfer in Staphylococcus : a case study of 13 genomes	The widespread presence of antibiotic resistance and virulence among Staphylococcus isolates has been attributed to lateral genetic transfer ( LGT ) between different strains or species . However , there has been very little study of the extent of LGT in Staphylococcus species using a phylogenetic approach , particularly of the units of such genetic transfer . Here we report the first systematic study of the units of genetic transfer in 13 Staphylococcus genomes , using a rigorous phylogenetic approach . We found clear evidence of LGT in 26.1 % of the 1354 homologous gene families examined , and possibly more in another 17.9 % of the total families . Within-gene and whole-gene transfer contribute almost equally to the discordance of these gene families against a reference phylogeny . Comparing genetic transfer in single-copy and in multi-copy gene families , we found little functional bias in cases of within-gene ( fragmentary ) genetic transfer but substantial functional bias in cases of whole-gene ( non-fragmentary ) genetic transfer , and we observed a higher frequency of LGT in multi-copy gene families . Our results demonstrate that LGT and gene duplication play an important part among the factors that contribute to functional innovation in staphylococcal genomes .
0709.2071	q-bio.QM	Parameter Estimation in Biokinetic Degradation Models in Wastewater Treatment - A Novel Approach Relevant for Micro-pollutant Removal	In this paper we address a general parameter estimation methodology for an extended biokinetic degradation model [ 1 ] for poorly degradable micropollutants . In particular we concentrate on parameter estimation of the micropollutant degradation sub-model by specialised microorganisms . In this case we focus on the case when only substrate degradation data are available and prove the structural identifiability of the model . Further we consider the problem of practical identifiability and propose experimental and related numerical methods for unambiguous parameter estimation based on multiple substrate degradation curves with different initial concentrations . Finally by means of simulated pseudo-experiments we have found convincing indications that the proposed algorithm is stable and yields appropriate parameter estimates even in unfavourable regimes .
