0711.0169	q-bio.PE	Relative population size , co-operation pressure and strategy correlation in two-population evolutionary dynamics	We study the coupled dynamics of two populations of random replicators by means of statistical mechanics methods , and focus on the effects of relative population size , strategy correlations and heterogeneities in the respective co-operation pressures . To this end we generalise existing path-integral approaches to replicator systems with random asymmetric couplings . This technique allows one to formulate an effective dynamical theory , which is exact in the thermodynamic limit and which can be solve for persistent order parameters in a fixed-point regime regardless of the symmetry of the interactions . The onset of instability can be determined self-consistently . We calculate quantities such as the diversity of the respective populations and their fitnesses in the stationary state , and compare results with data from a numerical integration of the replicator equations
0711.0175	q-bio.BM q-bio.SC	The insulin-RB synapse in health and disease : cellular rocket science	Time has come for a survey of our knowledge on the physical interaction between the growth-promoting insulin molecule and retinoblastoma tumor suppressor protein ( RB ) . Theoretical and experimental observations over the past 15 years reviewed here indicate that the insulin-RB dimer may represent an essential molecular crossroads involved in major physiological and pathological conditions . Within this system , the putative tumor suppressor insulin-degrading enzyme ( IDE ) should be an important modulator . Perhaps most remarkably , the abstraction of this encounter between insulin and RB , two growth-regulatory giants acting either in concert or against each other depending on the respective cellular requirements , reveals that Nature may compute in controlling cell fate and we could follow in its footsteps towards developing more efficient therapeutics as well as novel technical devices .
0711.0202	q-bio.SC q-bio.BM	Across and beyond the cell are peptide strings	Until presently , most approaches for understanding physiological or pathological phenomena have been based on the assumption that these processes start from individual cells , a concept introduced primarily by Virchow in the 19th century . Yet , it has also been increasingly recognized that this perception is insufficient , at least when it comes to grasping the mechanisms underlying largely incurable diseases such as metastatic cancer or rheumatoid arthritis . Despite this insight , even recently founded disciplines such as systems biology are still locked in this century-old mind-set of cellular building blocks and thus predictably of limited usefulness . Other studies conducted over the past years , however , suggest that there is something more fundamental to life and its various conditions than the cell : peptide strings . Here , I review the origin and nature of these sub- and trans-cellular elements as well as their potential to provide the long-sought answers hitherto inaccessible to cell biology .
