0704.0331	q-bio.OT	Symmetries by base substitutions in the genetic code predict 2 ' or 3' aminoacylation of tRNAs	This letter reports complete sets of two-fold symmetries between partitions of the universal genetic code . By substituting bases at each position of the codons according to a fixed rule , it happens that properties of the degeneracy pattern or of tRNA aminoacylation specificity are exchanged .
0704.0357	q-bio.PE q-bio.OT	Evolutionary games on minimally structured populations	Population structure induced by both spatial embedding and more general networks of interaction , such as model social networks , have been shown to have a fundamental effect on the dynamics and outcome of evolutionary games . These effects have , however , proved to be sensitive to the details of the underlying topology and dynamics . Here we introduce a minimal population structure that is described by two distinct hierarchical levels of interaction . We believe this model is able to identify effects of spatial structure that do not depend on the details of the topology . We derive the dynamics governing the evolution of a system starting from fundamental individual level stochastic processes through two successive meanfield approximations . In our model of population structure the topology of interactions is described by only two parameters : the effective population size at the local scale and the relative strength of local dynamics to global mixing . We demonstrate , for example , the existence of a continuous transition leading to the dominance of cooperation in populations with hierarchical levels of unstructured mixing as the benefit to cost ratio becomes smaller then the local population size . Applying our model of spatial structure to the repeated prisoner 's dilemma we uncover a novel and counterintuitive mechanism by which the constant influx of defectors sustains cooperation . Further exploring the phase space of the repeated prisoner's dilemma and also of the `` rock-paper-scissor '' game we find indications of rich structure and are able to reproduce several effects observed in other models with explicit spatial embedding , such as the maintenance of biodiversity and the emergence of global oscillations .
0704.0392	q-bio.NC cond-mat.dis-nn physics.soc-ph	Simulation of Robustness against Lesions of Cortical Networks	Structure entails function and thus a structural description of the brain will help to understand its function and may provide insights into many properties of brain systems , from their robustness and recovery from damage , to their dynamics and even their evolution . Advances in the analysis of complex networks provide useful new approaches to understanding structural and functional properties of brain networks . Structural properties of networks recently described allow their characterization as small-world , random ( exponential ) and scale-free . They complement the set of other properties that have been explored in the context of brain connectivity , such as topology , hodology , clustering , and hierarchical organization . Here we apply new network analysis methods to cortical inter-areal connectivity networks for the cat and macaque brains . We compare these corticocortical fibre networks to benchmark rewired , small-world , scale-free and random networks , using two analysis strategies , in which we measure the effects of the removal of nodes and connections on the structural properties of the cortical networks . The brain networks ' structural decay is in most respects similar to that of scale-free networks . The results implicate highly connected hub-nodes and bottleneck connections as structural basis for some of the conditional robustness of brain systems . This informs the understanding of the development of brain networks' connectivity .
0704.0429	q-bio.SC q-bio.CB	Quantitative Resolution to some `` Absolute Discrepancies '' in Cancer Theories : a View from Phage lambda Genetic Switch	Is it possible to understand cancer ? Or more specifically , is it possible to understand cancer from genetic side ? There already many answers in literature . The most optimistic one has claimed that it is mission-possible . Duesberg and his colleagues reviewed the impressive amount of research results on cancer accumulated over 100 years . It confirms the a general opinion that considering all available experimental results and clinical observations there is no cancer theory without major difficulties , including the prevailing gene-based cancer theories . They have then listed 9 `` absolute discrepancies '' for such cancer theory . In this letter the quantitative evidence against one of their major reasons for dismissing mutation cancer theory , by both in vivo experiment and a first principle computation , is explicitly pointed out .
0704.0464	q-bio.BM	Annealed importance sampling of dileucine peptide	Annealed importance sampling is a means to assign equilibrium weights to a nonequilibrium sample that was generated by a simulated annealing protocol . The weights may then be used to calculate equilibrium averages , and also serve as an `` adiabatic signature '' of the chosen cooling schedule . In this paper we demonstrate the method on the 50-atom dileucine peptide , showing that equilibrium distributions are attained for manageable cooling schedules . For this system , as naively implemented here , the method is modestly more efficient than constant temperature simulation . However , the method is worth considering whenever any simulated heating or cooling is performed ( as is often done at the beginning of a simulation project , or during an NMR structure calculation ) , as it is simple to implement and requires minimal additional CPU expense . Furthermore , the naive implementation presented here can be improved .
