0710.1357	q-bio.PE cond-mat.stat-mech physics.bio-ph	Does Sex Induce a Phase Transition ?	We discovered a dynamic phase transition induced by sexual reproduction . The dynamics is a pure Darwinian rule with both fundamental ingredients to drive evolution : 1 ) random mutations and crossings which act in the sense of increasing the entropy ( or diversity ) ; and 2 ) selection which acts in the opposite sense by limiting the entropy explosion . Selection wins this competition if mutations performed at birth are few enough . By slowly increasing the average number m of mutations , however , the population suddenly undergoes a mutational degradation precisely at a transition point mc . Above this point , the `` bad '' alleles spread over the genetic pool of the population , overcoming the selection pressure . Individuals become selectively alike , and evolution stops . Only below this point , m < mc , evolutionary life is possible . The finite-size-scaling behaviour of this transition is exhibited for large enough `` chromosome '' lengths L. One important and surprising observation is the L-independence of the transition curves , for large L. They are also independent on the population size . Another is that mc is near unity , i.e . life can not be stable with much more than one mutation per diploid genome , independent of the chromosome length , in agreement with reality . One possible consequence is that an eventual evolutionary jump towards larger L enabling the storage of more genetic information would demand an improved DNA copying machinery in order to keep the same total number of mutations per offspring .
0710.1570	q-bio.GN	DrosOCB : a high resolution map of conserved non coding sequences in Drosophila	Comparative genomics methods are widely used to aid the functional annotation of non coding DNA regions . However , aligning non coding sequences requires new algorithms and strategies , in order to take into account extensive rearrangements and turnover during evolution . Here we present a novel large scale alignment strategy which aims at drawing a precise map of conserved non coding regions between genomes , even when these regions have undergone small scale rearrangments events and a certain degree of sequence variability . We applied our alignment approach to obtain a genome-wide catalogue of conserved non coding blocks ( CNBs ) between Drosophila melanogaster and 11 other Drosophila species . Interestingly , we observe numerous small scale rearrangement events , such as local inversions , duplications and translocations , which are not observable in the whole genome alignments currently available . The high rate of observed low scale reshuffling show that this database of CNBs can constitute the starting point for several investigations , related to the evolution of regulatory DNA in Drosophila and the in silico identification of unannotated functional elements .
0710.1622	q-bio.MN	Chaperones as integrators of cellular networks : Changes of cellular integrity in stress and diseases	Cellular networks undergo rearrangements during stress and diseases . In un-stressed state the yeast protein-protein interaction network ( interactome ) is highly compact , and the centrally organized modules have a large overlap . During stress several original modules became more separated , and a number of novel modules also appear . A few basic functions , such as the proteasome preserve their central position . However , several functions with high energy demand , such the cell-cycle regulation loose their original centrality during stress . A number of key stress-dependent protein complexes , such as the disaggregation-specific chaperone , Hsp104 , gain centrality in the stressed yeast interactome . Molecular chaperones , heat shock , or stress proteins form complex interaction networks ( the chaperome ) with each other and their partners . Here we show that the human chaperome recovers the segregation of protein synthesis-coupled and stress-related chaperones observed in yeast recently . Examination of yeast and human interactomes shows that ( 1 ) chaperones are inter-modular integrators of protein-protein interaction networks , which ( 2 ) often bridge hubs and ( 3 ) are favorite candidates for extensive phosphorylation . Moreover , chaperones ( 4 ) become more central in the organization of the isolated modules of the stressed yeast protein-protein interaction network , which highlights their importance in the de-coupling and re-coupling of network modules during and after stress . Chaperone-mediated evolvability of cellular networks may play a key role in cellular adaptation during stress and various polygenic and chronic diseases , such as cancer , diabetes or neurodegeneration .
0710.1676	q-bio.GN	Electric Transport Properties of the p53 Gene and the Effects of Point Mutations	In this work , charge transport ( CT ) properties of the p53 gene are numerically studied by the transfer matrix method , and using either single or double strand effective tight-binding models . A statistical analysis of the consequences of known p53 point mutations on CT features is performed . It is found that in contrast to other kind of mutation defects , cancerous mutations result in much weaker changes of CT efficiency . Given the envisioned role played by CT in the DNA-repairing mechanism , our theoretical results suggest an underlying physical explanation at the origin of carcinogenesis .
