0706.2040	q-bio.QM cs.LG physics.soc-ph stat.ME stat.ML	Getting started in probabilistic graphical models	Probabilistic graphical models ( PGMs ) have become a popular tool for computational analysis of biological data in a variety of domains . But , what exactly are they and how do they work ? How can we use PGMs to discover patterns that are biologically relevant ? And to what extent can PGMs help us formulate new hypotheses that are testable at the bench ? This note sketches out some answers and illustrates the main ideas behind the statistical approach to biological pattern discovery .
0706.2053	q-bio.PE	Simple Model of Complex Reflection Behaviour in Two-Species Community	The model of smart migration for two-species community is developed , where the individuals implement reflexive strategy of spatial redistribution . Simulations have been used to figure out the situations where reflexy gives an advantage over a non-reflexive spatial behaviour , and vice versa .
0706.2077	q-bio.GN	Codon Usage Bias Measured Through Entropy Approach	Codon usage bias measure is defined through the mutual entropy calculation of real codon frequency distribution against the quasi-equilibrium one . This latter is defined in three manners : ( 1 ) the frequency of synonymous codons is supposed to be equal ( i.e. , the arithmetic mean of their frequencies ) ; ( 2 ) it coincides to the frequency distribution of triplets ; and , finally , ( 3 ) the quasi-equilibrium frequency distribution is defined as the expected frequency of codons derived from the dinucleotide frequency distribution . The measure of bias in codon usage is calculated for 125 bacterial genomes .
0706.2126	q-bio.QM	Attenuation Regulation as a Term Rewriting System	The classical attenuation regulation of gene expression in bacteria is considered . We propose to represent the secondary RNA structure in the leader region of a gene or an operon by a term , and we give a probabilistic term rewriting system modeling the whole process of such a regulation .
