0710.5817	q-bio.QM	CLePAPS : Fast Pair Alignment of Protein Structures Based on Conformational Letters	Fast , efficient and reliable algorithms for pairwise alignment of protein structures are in ever increasing demand for analyzing the rapidly growing data of protein structures . CLePAPS is a tool developed for this purpose . It distinguishes itself from other existing algorithms by the use of conformational letters , which are discretized states of 3D segmental structural states . A letter corresponds to a cluster of combinations of the three angles formed by C_alpha pseudobonds of four contiguous residues . A substitution matrix called CLESUM is available to measure similarity between any two such letters . CLePAPS regards an aligned fragment pair ( AFP ) as an ungapped string pair with a high sum of pairwise CLESUM scores . Using CLESUM scores as the similarity measure , CLePAPS searches for AFPs by simple string comparison . The transformation which best superimposes a highly similar AFP can be used to superimpose the structure pairs under comparison . A highly scored AFP which is consistent with several other AFPs determines an initial alignment . CLePAPS then joins consistent AFPs guided by their similarity scores to extend the alignment by several `zoom-in ' iteration steps . A follow-up refinement produces the final alignment . CLePAPS does not implement dynamic programming . The utility of CLePAPS is tested on various protein structure pairs .
0710.5825	q-bio.PE q-bio.BM	Evolution of the genetic code . Emergence of stop codons	What could cause the emergence of non-encoding codons in the course of evolution of the genetic code ? Hypothesis of evolution of the genetic code from GC to the AGUC-alphabet account for existence of stop codons .
0710.5886	q-bio.QM q-bio.PE	A multifractal model for spatial variation in species richness	Models for species-area relationships up to now have focused on the mean richness as a function of area . We present MFp1p2 , a self-similar multifractal . It explicitly models both trend and variation in richness as a function of area , and is a generalisation of the model of scaling of mean species richness due to Harte et al ( 1999 ) . The construction is based on a cascade of bisections of a rectangle . The two parameters of the model are p1 , the proportion of species that occur in the richer half , and p2 , the proportion of species that occur in the poorer half . Equivalent parameterisations are a = ( p1 + p2 ) /2 and b = p1/p2 . These parameters are interpreted as follows : a gives the scaling of mean density , b gives the scaling of spatial variability . Several properties of MFp1p2 are derived , a generalisation is noted and some applications are suggested .
