0712.3711	q-bio.MN physics.bio-ph	A computational systems biology study of the lambda-lac mutants	We present a comprehensive computational study of some 900 possible '' lambda-lac '' mutants of the lysogeny maintenance switch in phage lambda , of which up to date 19 have been studied experimentally ( Atsumi & Little , PNAS 103 : 4558-4563 , ( 2006 ) ) . We clarify that these mutants realise regulatory schemes quite different from wild-type lambda , and can therefore be expected to behave differently , within the conventional mechanistic setting in which this problem has often been framed . We verify that indeed , within this framework , across this wide selection of mutants the lambda-lac mutants for the most part either have no stable lytic states , or should only be inducible with difficulty . In particular , the computational results contradicts the experimental finding that four lambda-lac mutants both show stable lysogeny and are inducible . This work hence suggests either that the four out of 900 mutants are special , or that lambda lysogeny and inducibility are holistic effects involving other molecular players or other mechanisms , or both . The approach illustrates the power and versatility of computational systems biology to systematically and quickly test a wide variety of examples and alternative hypotheses for future closer experimental studies .
0712.3753	q-bio.MN q-bio.GN	Cancer systems biology : exploring cancer-associated genes on cellular networks	Genomic alterations lead to cancer complexity and form a major hurdle for a comprehensive understanding of the molecular mechanisms underlying oncogenesis . In this review , we describe the recent advances in studying cancer-associated genes from a systems biological point of view . The integration of known cancer genes onto protein and signaling networks reveals the characteristics of cancer genes within networks . This approach shows that cancer genes often function as network hub proteins which are involved in many cellular processes and form focal nodes in the information exchange between many signaling pathways . Literature mining allows constructing gene-gene networks , in which new cancer genes can be identified . The gene expression profiles of cancer cells are used for reconstructing gene regulatory networks . By doing so , the genes , which are involved in the regulation of cancer progression , can be picked up from these networks after which their functions can be further confirmed in the laboratory .
0712.3773	q-bio.QM q-bio.MN	Kinetic Monte Carlo Method for Rule-based Modeling of Biochemical Networks	We present a kinetic Monte Carlo method for simulating chemical transformations specified by reaction rules , which can be viewed as generators of chemical reactions , or equivalently , definitions of reaction classes . A rule identifies the molecular components involved in a transformation , how these components change , conditions that affect whether a transformation occurs , and a rate law . The computational cost of the method , unlike conventional simulation approaches , is independent of the number of possible reactions , which need not be specified in advance or explicitly generated in a simulation . To demonstrate the method , we apply it to study the kinetics of multivalent ligand-receptor interactions . We expect the method will be useful for studying cellular signaling systems and other physical systems involving aggregation phenomena .
0712.3786	q-bio.BM	Controlling Viral Capsid Assembly with Templating	We develop coarse-grained models that describe the dynamic encapsidation of functionalized nanoparticles by viral capsid proteins . We find that some forms of cooperative interactions between protein subunits and nanoparticles can dramatically enhance rates and robustness of assembly , as compared to the spontaneous assembly of subunits into empty capsids . For large core-subunit interactions , subunits adsorb onto core surfaces en masse in a disordered manner , and then undergo a cooperative rearrangement into an ordered capsid structure . These assembly pathways are unlike any identified for empty capsid formation . Our models can be directly applied to recent experiments in which viral capsid proteins assemble around the functionalized inorganic nanoparticles [ Sun et al. , Proc . Natl . Acad . Sci ( 2007 ) 104 , 1354 ] . In addition , we discuss broader implications for understanding the dynamic encapsidation of single-stranded genomic molecules during viral replication and for developing multicomponent nanostructured materials .
0712.3791	q-bio.MN	Dynamics of gene expression and the regulatory inference problem	From the response to external stimuli to cell division and death , the dynamics of living cells is based on the expression of specific genes at specific times . The decision when to express a gene is implemented by the binding and unbinding of transcription factor molecules to regulatory DNA . Here , we construct stochastic models of gene expression dynamics and test them on experimental time-series data of messenger-RNA concentrations . The models are used to infer biophysical parameters of gene transcription , including the statistics of transcription factor-DNA binding and the target genes controlled by a given transcription factor .
