0712.0462	q-bio.PE q-bio.BM q-bio.GN	Molecular Labor Division : Its Cause and Consequence	Both external environmental selection and internal lower-level evolution are essential for an integral picture of evolution . This paper proposes that the division of internal evolution into DNA/RNA pattern formation ( genotype ) and protein functional action ( phenotype ) resolves a universal conflict between fitness and evolvability . Specifically , this paper explains how this universal conflict drove the emergence of genotype-phenotype division , why this labor division is responsible for the extraordinary complexity of life , and how the specific ways of genotype-phenotype mapping in the labor division determine the paths and forms of evolution and development .
0712.0545	q-bio.CB	Regulative Differentiation as Bifurcation of Interacting Cell Population	In multicellular organisms , several cell states coexist . For determining each cell type , cell-cell interactions are often essential , in addition to intracellular gene expression dynamics . Based on dynamical systems theory , we propose a mechanism for cell differentiation with regulation of populations of each cell type by taking simple cell models with gene expression dynamics . By incorporating several interaction kinetics , we found that the cell models with a single intracellular positive-feedback loop exhibit a cell fate switching , with a change in the total number of cells . The number of a given cell type or the population ratio of each cell type is preserved against the change in the total number of cells , depending on the form of cell-cell interaction . The differentiation is a result of bifurcation of cell states via the intercellular interactions , while the population regulation is explained by self-consistent determination of the bifurcation parameter through cell-cell interactions . The relevance of this mechanism to development and differentiation in several multicellular systems is discussed .
0712.0613	q-bio.QM	On fitting power laws to ecological data	Heavy-tailed or power-law distributions are becoming increasingly common in biological literature . A wide range of biological data has been fitted to distributions with heavy tails . Many of these studies use simple fitting methods to find the parameters in the distribution , which can give highly misleading results . The potential pitfalls that can occur when using these methods are pointed out , and a step-by-step guide to fitting power-law distributions and assessing their goodness-of-fit is offered .
