0707.4418	q-bio.NC	Transient termination of synaptically sustained spiking by stochastic inputs in a pair of coupled Type 1 neurons	We examine the effects of stochastic input currents on the firing behavior of two excitable neurons coupled with fast excitatory synapses . In such cells ( models ) , typified by the quadratic integrate and fire model , mutual synaptic coupling can cause sustained firing or oscillatory behavior which is necessarily antiphase . Additive Gaussian white noise can transiently terminate the oscillations , hence destroying the stable limit cycle . Further application of the noise may return the system to spiking activity . In a particular noise range , the transition times between the oscillating and the resting state are strongly asymmetric . We numerically investigate an approximate basin of attraction , A , of the periodic orbit and use Markov process theory to explain the firing behavior in terms of the probability of escape of trajectories from A
0707.4431	q-bio.NC	Technical aspects of an impact acceleration traumatic brain injury rat model with potential suitability for both microdialysis and PtiO2 monitoring	This report describes technical adaptations of a traumatic brain injury ( TBI ) model-largely inspired by Marmarou-in order to monitor microdialysis data and PtiO2 ( brain tissue oxygen ) before , during and after injury . We particularly focalize on our model requirements which allows us to re-create some drastic pathological characteristics experienced by severely head-injured patients : impact on a closed skull , no ventilation immediately after impact , presence of diffuse axonal injuries and secondary brain insults from systemic origin ... We notably give priority to minimize anaesthesia duration in order to tend to banish any neuroprotection . Our new model will henceforth allow a better understanding of neurochemical and biochemical alterations resulting from traumatic brain injury , using microdialysis and PtiO2 techniques already monitored in our Intensive Care Unit . Studies on efficiency and therapeutic window of neuroprotective pharmacological molecules are now conceivable to ameliorate severe head-injury treatment .
0707.4487	q-bio.NC	Leadership in 2D living neural networks	Eytan and Marom recently showed that the spontaneous burst activity of rat neuron cultures includes `first to fire ' cells that consistently fire earlier than others . Here we analyze the behavior of these neurons in long term recordings of spontaneous activity of rat hippocampal and rat cortical neuron cultures from three different laboratories . We identify precursor events that may either subside ( `small events ' ) or can lead to a full-blown burst ( `pre-bursts ' ) . We find that the activation in the pre-burst typically has a first neuron ( `leader ' ) , followed by a localized response in its neighborhood . Locality is diminished in the bursts themselves . The long term dynamics of the leaders is relatively robust , evolving with a half-life of 23-34 hours . Stimulation of the culture can temporarily alter the leader distribution , but it returns to the previous distribution within about 1 hour . We show that the leaders carry information about the identity of the burst , as measured by the signature of the number of spikes per neuron in a burst . The number of spikes from leaders in the first few spikes of a precursor event is furthermore shown to be predictive with regard to the transition into a burst ( pre-burst versus small event ) . We conclude that the leaders play a r\^ole in the development of the bursts , and conjecture that they are part of an underlying sub-network that is excited first and then act as nucleation centers for the burst .
0707.4497	q-bio.CB	Immune response to a malaria infection : properties of a mathematical model	We establish some properties of a within host mathematical model of malaria proposed by Recker et al which includes the role of the immune system during the infection . The model accounts for the antigenic variation exhibited by the malaria parasite ( P. falciparum ) . We show that the model can exhibit a wide variety of dynamical behaviors . We provide criteria for global stability , competitive exclusion , and persistence . We also demonstrate that the disease equilibrium can be destabilized by non-symmetric cross-reactive responses .
0707.4501	q-bio.CB	Multi-strain virus dynamics with mutations : A global analysis	We consider within-host virus models with more than one strain and allow mutation between the strains . If there is no mutation , a Lyapunov function establishes global stability of the steady state corresponding to the fittest strain . For small perturbations this steady state persists , perhaps with small concentrations of some or all other strains , depending on the connectivity of the graph describing all possible mutations . Moreover , using a perturbation result due to Smith and Waltman , we show that this steady state also preserves global stability .
