0709.1696	q-bio.MN q-bio.QM	A Generic Rate Equation for modeling Enzymatic Reactions under Living Conditions	Based on our experience in kinetic modeling of coupled multiple metabolic pathways we propose a generic rate equation for the dynamical modeling of metabolic kinetics . Its symmetric form makes the kinetic parameters ( or functions ) easy to relate to values in database and to use in computation . In addition , such form is workable to arbitrary number of substrates and products with different stoichiometry . We explicitly show how to obtain such rate equation exactly for various binding mechanisms . Hence the proposed rate equation is formally rigorous . Various features of such a generic rate equation are discussed . For irreversible reactions , the product inhibition which directly arise from enzymatic reaction is eliminated in a natural way . We also discuss how to include the effects of modifiers and cooperativity .
0709.1750	q-bio.PE math.DS math.PR	Mutation-selection balance with recombination : convergence to equilibrium for polynomial selection costs	We study a continuous-time dynamical system that models the evolving distribution of genotypes in an infinite population where genomes may have infinitely many or even a continuum of loci , mutations accumulate along lineages without back-mutation , added mutations reduce fitness , and recombination occurs on a faster time scale than mutation and selection . Some features of the model , such as existence and uniqueness of solutions and convergence to the dynamical system of an approximating sequence of discrete time models , were presented in earlier work by Evans , Steinsaltz , and Wachter for quite general selective costs . Here we study a special case where the selective cost of a genotype with a given accumulation of ancestral mutations from a wild type ancestor is a sum of costs attributable to each individual mutation plus successive interaction contributions from each $ k $ -tuple of mutations for $ k $ up to some finite `` degree '' . Using ideas from complex chemical reaction networks and a novel Lyapunov function , we establish that the phenomenon of mutation-selection balance occurs for such selection costs under mild conditions . That is , we show that the dynamical system has a unique equilibrium and that it converges to this equilibrium from all initial conditions .
