0711.4724	q-bio.PE	A viscoelastic deadly fluid in carnivorous pitcher plants	Background : The carnivorous plants of the genus Nepenthes , widely distributed in the Asian tropics , rely mostly on nutrients derived from arthropods trapped in their pitcher-shaped leaves and digested by their enzymatic fluid . The genus exhibits a great diversity of prey and pitcher forms and its mechanism of trapping has long intrigued scientists . The slippery inner surfaces of the pitchers , which can be waxy or highly wettable , have so far been considered as the key trapping devices . However , the occurrence of species lacking such epidermal specializations but still effective at trapping insects suggests the possible implication of other mechanisms . Methodology/Principal Findings : Using a combination of insect bioassays , high-speed video and rheological measurements , we show that the digestive fluid of Nepenthes rafflesiana is highly viscoelastic and that this physical property is crucial for the retention of insects in its traps . Trapping efficiency is shown to remain strong even when the fluid is highly diluted by water , as long as the elastic relaxation time of the fluid is higher than the typical time scale of insect movements . Conclusions/Significance : This finding challenges the common classification of Nepenthes pitchers as simple passive traps and is of great adaptive significance for these tropical plants , which are often submitted to high rainfalls and variations in fluid concentration . The viscoelastic trap constitutes a cryptic but potentially widespread adaptation of Nepenthes species and could be a homologous trait shared through common ancestry with the sundew ( Drosera ) flypaper plants . Such large production of a highly viscoelastic biopolymer fluid in permanent pools is nevertheless unique in the plant kingdom and suggests novel applications for pest control .
0711.4743	q-bio.BM q-bio.SC	Cell-permeable tumor suppressor peptides for cancer therapy : back to the future	Miniaturization is a hallmark of modern technologies . Notably , this feature has not spared molecular biology and its potential applications . Towards developing more effective therapeutics against cancer , studies began to explore more than a decade ago how natural tumor suppression could be translated into antineoplastic drugs . To this end , investigators focused on major constituents of a central pathway that protects cells against neoplastic transformation : the nuclear retinoblastoma protein ( RB ) pathway . As such , peptide mimetics of RB , p16 and p21 were developed . Likewise , the p53 and von Hippel-Lindau gene products which affect indirectly the RB pathway provided additional templates for the development of anti-proliferative peptides . Each of the peptides derived from these distinct tumor suppressors was made cell-permeable by its ligation to an amino acid sequence conferring cellular internalization . Details reviewed here reveal that through the application of such anti-cancer peptide therapeutics alone or in conjunction whenever synergy is to expect , the dark era of chemotherapy will likely be overcome , at last .
0711.4775	q-bio.MN	The window at the edge of chaos in a simple model of gene interaction networks	As a model for gene and protein interactions we study a set for molecular catalytic reactions . The model is based on experimentally motivated interaction network topologies , and is designed to capture some key statistics of gene expression statistics . We impose a non-linearity to the system by a boundary condition which guarantees non-negative concentrations of chemical concentrations and study the system stability quantified by maximum Lyapunov exponents . We find that the non-negativity constraint leads to a drastic inflation of those regions in parameter space where the Lyapunov exponent exactly vanishes . We explain the finding as a self-organized critical phenomenon . The robustness of this finding with respect to different network topologies and the role of intrinsic molecular- and external noise is discussed . We argue that systems with inflated 'edges of chaos ' could be much more easily favored by natural selection than systems where the Lyapunov exponent vanishes only on a parameter set of measure zero .
0711.4843	q-bio.QM	Network reconstruction based on quasi-steady state data	This note discusses a theoretical issue regarding the application of the '' Modular Response Analysis '' method to quasi-steady state ( rather than steady-state ) data .
