0707.3442	q-bio.PE q-bio.GN q-bio.QM	Combined Sum of Squares Penalties for Molecular Divergence Time Estimation	Estimates of molecular divergence times when rates of evolution vary require the assumption of a model of rate change . Brownian motion is one such model , and since rates can not become negative , a log Brownian model seems appropriate . Divergence time estimates can then be made using weighted least squares penalties . As sequences become long , this approach effectively becomes equivalent to penalized likelihood or Bayesian approaches . Different forms of the least squares penalty are considered to take into account correlation due to shared ancestors . It is shown that a scale parameter is also needed since the sum of squares changes with the scale of time . Errors or uncertainty on fossil calibrations , may be folded in with errors due to the stochastic nature of Brownian motion and ancestral polymorphism , giving a total sum of squares to be minimized . Applying these methods to placental mammal data the estimated age of the root decreases from 125 to about 94 mybp . However , multiple fossil calibration points and relative molecular divergence times inflate the sum of squares more than expected . If fossil data are also bootstrapped , then the confidence interval for the root of placental mammals varies widely from ~70 to 130 mybp . Such a wide interval suggests that more and better fossil calibration data is needed and/or better models of rate evolution are needed and/or better molecular data are needed . Until these issues are thoroughly investigated , it is premature to declare either the old molecular dates frequently obtained ( e.g . > 110 mybp ) or the lack of identified placental fossils in the Cretaceous , more indicative of when crown-group placental mammals evolved .
0707.3464	q-bio.PE	A comparison of three replication strategies in complex multicellular organisms : Asexual replication , sexual replication with identical gametes , and sexual replication with distinct sperm and egg gametes	This paper studies the mutation-selection balance in three simplified replication models . The first model considers a population of organisms replicating via the production of asexual spores . The second model considers a sexually replicating population that produces identical gametes . The third model considers a sexually replicating population that produces distinct sperm and egg gametes . All models assume diploid organisms whose genomes consist of two chromosomes , each of which is taken to be functional if equal to some master sequence , and defective otherwise . In the asexual population , the asexual diploid spores develop directly into adult organisms . In the sexual populations , the haploid gametes enter a haploid pool , where they may fuse with other haploids . The resulting immature diploid organisms then proceed to develop into mature organisms . Based on an analysis of all three models , we find that , as organism size increases , a sexually replicating population can only outcompete an asexually replicating population if the adult organisms produce distinct sperm and egg gametes . A sexual replication strategy that is based on the production of large numbers of sperm cells to fertilize a small number of eggs is found to be necessary in order to maintain a sufficiently low cost for sex for the strategy to be selected for over a purely asexual strategy . We discuss the usefulness of this model in understanding the evolution and maintenance of sexual replication as the preferred replication strategy in complex , multicellular organisms .
0707.3465	q-bio.PE	The stochastic edge in adaptive evolution	In a recent article , Desai and Fisher ( 2007 ) proposed that the speed of adaptation in an asexual population is determined by the dynamics of the stochastic edge of the population , that is , by the emergence and subsequent establishment of rare mutants that exceed the fitness of all sequences currently present in the population . Desai and Fisher perform an elaborate stochastic calculation of the mean time $ \tau $ until a new class of mutants has been established , and interpret $ 1/\tau $ as the speed of adaptation . As they note , however , their calculations are valid only for moderate speeds . This limitation arises from their method to determine $ \tau $ : Desai and Fisher back-extrapolate the value of $ \tau $ from the best-fit class ' exponential growth at infinite time . This approach is not valid when the population adapts rapidly , because in this case the best-fit class grows non-exponentially during the relevant time interval . Here , we substantially extend Desai and Fisher's analysis of the stochastic edge . We show that we can apply Desai and Fisher's method to high speeds by either exponentially back-extrapolating from finite time or using a non-exponential back-extrapolation . Our results are compatible with predictions made using a different analytical approach ( Rouzine et al . 2003 , 2007 ) , and agree well with numerical simulations .
0707.3468	q-bio.QM q-bio.MN	The effect of negative feedback loops on the dynamics of Boolean networks	Feedback loops in a dynamic network play an important role in determining the dynamics of that network . Through a computational study , in this paper we show that networks with fewer independent negative feedback loops tend to exhibit more regular behavior than those with more negative loops . To be precise , we study the relationship between the number of independent feedback loops and the number and length of the limit cycles in the phase space of dynamic Boolean networks . We show that , as the number of independent negative feedback loops increases , the number ( length ) of limit cycles tends to decrease ( increase ) . These conclusions are consistent with the fact , for certain natural biological networks , that they on the one hand exhibit generally regular behavior and on the other hand show less negative feedback loops than randomized networks with the same numbers of nodes and connectivity .
0707.3469	q-bio.PE	The traveling wave approach to asexual evolution : Muller 's ratchet and speed of adaptation	We use traveling-wave theory to derive expressions for the rate of accumulation of deleterious mutations under Muller 's ratchet and the speed of adaptation under positive selection in asexual populations . Traveling-wave theory is a semi-deterministic description of an evolving population , where the bulk of the population is modeled using deterministic equations , but the class of the highest-fitness genotypes , whose evolution over time determines loss or gain of fitness in the population , is given proper stochastic treatment . We derive improved methods to model the highest-fitness class ( the stochastic edge ) for both Muller 's ratchet and adaptive evolution , and calculate analytic correction terms that compensate for inaccuracies which arise when treating discrete fitness classes as a continuum . We show that traveling wave theory makes excellent predictions for the rate of mutation accumulation in the case of Muller 's ratchet , and makes good predictions for the speed of adaptation in a very broad parameter range . We predict the adaptation rate to grow logarithmically in the population size until the population size is extremely large .
