0705.3373	q-bio.QM physics.data-an q-bio.PE	Laplacian Spectrum and Protein-Protein Interaction Networks	From the spectral plot of the ( normalized ) graph Laplacian , the essential qualitative properties of a network can be simultaneously deduced . Given a class of empirical networks , reconstruction schemes for elucidating the evolutionary dynamics leading to those particular data can then be developed . This method is exemplified for protein-protein interaction networks . Traces of their evolutionary history of duplication and divergence processes are identified . In particular , we can identify typical specific features that robustly distinguish protein-protein interaction networks from other classes of networks , in spite of possible statistical fluctuations of the underlying data .
0705.3473	q-bio.QM	Analytic steady-state space use patterns and rapid computations in mechanistic home range analysis	Mechanistic home range models are important tools in modeling animal dynamics in spatially-complex environments . We introduce a class of stochastic models for animal movement in a habitat of varying preference . Such models interpolate between spatially-implicit resource selection analysis ( RSA ) and advection-diffusion models , possessing these two models as limiting cases . We find a closed-form solution for the steady-state ( equilibrium ) probability distribution u* using a factorization of the redistribution operator into symmetric and diagonal parts . How space use is controlled by the preference function w then depends on the characteristic width of the redistribution kernel : when w changes rapidly compared to this width , u* ~ w , whereas on global scales large compared to this width , u* ~ w^2 . We analyse the behavior at discontinuities in w which occur at habitat type boundaries . We simulate the dynamics of space use given two-dimensional prey-availability data and explore the effect of the redistribution kernel width . Our factorization allows such numerical simulations to be done extremely fast ; we expect this to aid the computationally-intensive task of model parameter fitting and inverse modeling .
