0712.0170	q-bio.MN cond-mat.stat-mech	Non-equilibrium dynamics of gene expression and the Jarzynski equality	In order to express specific genes at the right time , the transcription of genes is regulated by the presence and absence of transcription factor molecules . With transcription factor concentrations undergoing constant changes , gene transcription takes place out of equilibrium . In this paper we discuss a simple mapping between dynamic models of gene expression and stochastic systems driven out of equilibrium . Using this mapping , results of nonequilibrium statistical mechanics such as the Jarzynski equality and the fluctuation theorem are demonstrated for gene expression dynamics . Applications of this approach include the determination of regulatory interactions between genes from experimental gene expression data .
0712.0275	q-bio.QM	The effect of time distribution shape on simulated epidemic models	By convention , and even more often , as an unintentional consequence of design , time distributions of latency and infectious durations in stochastic epidemic simulations are often exponential . The skewed distribtion typically leads to unrealistically short times . We examine the effects of altering the distribution latency and infectious times by comparing the key results after simulation with exponential and gamma distributions in a homogeneous mixing model aswell as a model with regional divisions connected by a travel intensity matrix . We show a delay in spread with more realistic latency times and offer an explanation of the effect .
0712.0367	q-bio.QM	Cross-Scale Sensitivity Analysis of a Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Model : Linking Molecular Signaling Properties to Cellular Behavior	Sensitivity analysis is an effective tool for systematically identifying specific perturbations in parameters that have significant effects on the behavior of a given biosystem , at the scale investigated . In this work , using a two-dimensional , multiscale non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ) model , we examine the effects of perturbations in system parameters which span both molecular and cellular levels , i.e . across scales of interest . This is achieved by first linking molecular and cellular activities and then assessing the influence of parameters at the molecular level on the tumor 's spatio-temporal expansion rate , which serves as the output behavior at the cellular level . Overall , the algorithm operated reliably over relatively large variations of most parameters , hence confirming the robustness of the model . However , three pathway components ( proteins PKC , MEK , and ERK ) and eleven reaction steps were determined to be of critical importance by employing a sensitivity coefficient as an evaluation index . Each of these sensitive parameters exhibited a similar changing pattern in that a relatively larger increase or decrease in its value resulted in a lesser influence on the system 's cellular performance . This study provides a novel cross-scaled approach to analyzing sensitivities of computational model parameters and proposes its application to interdisciplinary biomarker studies .
0712.0391	q-bio.MN q-bio.QM	Modeling a simple enzyme reaction with delay and discretization	A comparison is made between conventional Michaelis-Menten kinetics and two models that take into account the duration of the conformational changes that take place at the molecular level during the catalytic cycle of a monomer . The models consider the time that elapses from the moment an enzyme-substrate complex forms until the moment a product molecule is released , as well as the recovery time needed to reset the conformational change that took place . In the first model the dynamics is described by a set of delayed differential equations , instead of the ordinary differential equations associated to Michaelis-Menten kinetics . In the second model the delay , the discretization inherent to enzyme reactions and the stochastic binding of substrates to enzimes at the molecular level is considered . All three models agree at equilibrium , as expected ; however , out-of-equilibrium dynamics can differ substantially . In particular , both delayed models show oscillations at low values of the Michaelis constant which are not reproduced by the Michaelis-Menten model . Additionally , in certain cases , the dynamics shown by the continuous delayed model differs from the dynamics of the discrete delayed model when some reactant become scarce .
