0711.3421	q-bio.BM cond-mat.stat-mech	A growth model for RNA secondary structures	A hierarchical model for the growth of planar arch structures for RNA secondary structures is presented , and shown to be equivalent to a tree-growth model . Both models can be solved analytically , giving access to scaling functions for large molecules , and corrections to scaling , checked by numerical simulations of up to 6500 bases . The equivalence of both models should be helpful in understanding more general tree-growth processes .
0711.3456	q-bio.BM q-bio.PE	Emergence of clonal selection and affinity maturation in an ab initio microscopic model of immunity	Mechanisms of immunity , and of the host-pathogen interactions in general are among the most fundamental problems of medicine , ecology , and evolution studies . Here , we present a microscopic , protein-level , sequence-based model of immune system , with explicitly defined interactions between host and pathogen proteins.. Simulations of this model show that possible outcomes of the infection ( extinction of cells , survival with complete elimination of viruses , or chronic infection with continuous coexistence of cells and viruses ) crucially depend on mutation rates of the viral and immunoglobulin proteins . Infection is always lethal if the virus mutation rate exceeds a certain threshold . Potent immunoglobulins are discovered in this model via clonal selection and affinity maturation . Surviving cells acquire lasting immunity against subsequent infection by the same virus strain . As a second line of defense cells develop apoptosis-like behavior by reducing their lifetimes to eliminate viruses . These results demonstrate the feasibility of microscopic sequence-based models of immune system , where population dynamics of the evolving B-cells is explicitly tied to the molecular properties of their proteins .
0711.3492	q-bio.PE	Fourier transform inequalities for phylogenetic trees	Phylogenetic invariants are not the only constraints on site-pattern frequency vectors for phylogenetic trees . A mutation matrix , by its definition , is the exponential of a matrix with non-negative off-diagonal entries ; this positivity requirement implies non-trivial constraints on the site-pattern frequency vectors . We call these additional constraints `` edge-parameter inequalities . '' In this paper , we first motivate the edge-parameter inequalities by considering a pathological site-pattern frequency vector corresponding to a quartet tree with a negative internal edge . This site-pattern frequency vector nevertheless satisfies all of the constraints described up to now in the literature . We next describe two complete sets of edge-parameter inequalities for the group-based models ; these constraints are square-free monomial inequalities in the Fourier transformed coordinates . These inequalities , along with the phylogenetic invariants , form a complete description of the set of site-pattern frequency vectors corresponding to \emph { bona fide } trees . Said in mathematical language , this paper explicitly presents two finite lists of inequalities in Fourier coordinates of the form `` monomial $ \leq 1 $ , '' each list characterizing the phylogenetically relevant semialgebraic subsets of the phylogenetic varieties .
