0707.1569	q-bio.MN physics.bio-ph physics.med-ph	Cell-to-Cell stochastic fluctuations in apoptotic signaling can decide between life and death	Apoptosis , or genetically programmed cell death , is a crucial cellular process that maintains the balance between life and death in cells . The precise molecular mechanism of apoptosis signaling and how these two pathways are differentially activated under distinct apoptotic stimuli is poorly understood . We developed a Monte Carlo-based stochastic simulation model that can characterize distinct signaling behaviors in the two major pathways of apoptotic signaling using a novel probability distribution-based approach . Specifically , we show that for a weak death signal , such as low levels of death ligand Fas ( CD95 ) binding or under stress conditions , the type 2 mitochondrial pathway dominates apoptotic signaling . Our results also show signaling in the type 2 pathway is stochastic , where the population average over many cells does not capture the cell-to-cell fluctuations in the time course ( ~1 - 10 hours ) of downstream caspase-3 activation . On the contrary , the probability distribution of caspase-3 activation for the mitochondrial pathway shows a distinct bimodal behavior that can be used to characterize the stochastic signaling in type 2 apoptosis . Interestingly , such stochastic fluctuations in apoptosis signaling happen even in the presence of large numbers of signaling molecules . In a fluctuating environment , such stochasticity in the timecourse of caspase-3 activation may be an adaptive mechanism for allowing a competing survival signal to win over a weak death trigger before the critical cell fate decision is made and thus minimizes the risk of pathologies .
0707.1579	q-bio.MN	Stable stochastic dynamics in yeast cell cycle	Chemical reactions in cell are subject to intense stochastic fluctuations . An important question is how the fundamental physiological behavior of cell is kept stable against those noisy perturbations . In this paper a stochastic model of cell cycle of budding yeast is constructed to analyze the effects of noise on the cell cycle oscillation . The model predicts intense noise in levels of mRNAs and proteins , and the simulated protein levels explain the observed statistical tendency of noise in populations of synchronous and asynchronous cells . In spite of intense noise in levels of proteins and mRNAs , cell cycle is stable enough to bring the largely perturbed cells back to the physiological cyclic oscillation . The model shows that consecutively appearing fixed points are the origin of this stability of cell cycle .
