0708.1991	q-bio.PE	Conditions for the Trivers-Willard hypothesis to be valid : A minimal population-genetic model	The very insightful Trivers-Willard hypothesis , proposed in the early 1970s , states that females in good physiological conditions are more likely to produce male offspring , when the variance of reproductive success amongst males is high . A number of studies , aimed at its experimental verification , have found adequate supportive evidence in its favour . Theoretical investigations , however , have been few , perhaps because formulating a population-genetic model for describing the Trivers-Willard hypothesis turns out to be surprisingly complex . The present study describes a minimal population genetic model to explore one specific scenario , viz . how is the preference for a male offspring by females in good condition altered when 'g ' , the proportion of such females in the population changes from a low to a high value . As expected , when the proportion of such females is low , i.e. , for low values of 'g ' , the Trivers-Willard ( TW ) strategy goes to fixation against the equal investment strategy . This holds true up to gmax , a critical value of 'g ' , above which the two strategies coexist , but the proportion of the TW strategy steadily decreases as 'g ' increases to unity . Similarly , when the effect of well-endowed males attaining disproportionately high number of matings is more pronounced , the TW strategy is more likely to go to fixation . Interestingly , the success of the TW strategy has a complex dependence on the variance in the physiological condition of females . If the difference in the two types of conditions is not large , TW strategy is favoured , and its success is more likely as the difference increases . However , beyond a critical value of the difference , the TW strategy is found to be less and less likely to succeed as the difference becomes larger . Possible reasons for these effects are discussed .
0708.1993	q-bio.OT q-bio.CB	Dynamics of glucose-lactose diauxic growth in E. coli	We present a mathematical model of glucose-lactose diauxic growth in Escherichia coli including both the postive and negative regulation mechanisms of the lactose operon as well as the inducer exclusion . To validate this model , we first calculated the time evolution of beta-galactosidase for only the lactose nutrient and compared the numerical results with experimental data . Second , we compared the calculated cell biomass of the glucose-lactose diauxic growth with the experimental optical density of the diauxic growth for a particular E. coli MG 1655 . For both cases , the numerical calculations from this model are in good agreement with these two experiments ' data . The diauxic growth pattern of a wild type E. coli was also investigated .
0708.2061	q-bio.TO	Selective vulnerability to kainate-induced oxidative damage in different rat brain regions	Some markers of oxidative injury were measured in different rat brain areas ( hippocampus , cerebral cortex , striatum , hypothalamus , amygdala/piriform cortex and cerebellum ) after the systemic administration of an excitotoxic dose of kainic acid ( KA , 9 mg kg ( -1 ) i.p . ) at two different sampling times ( 24 and 48 h ) . Kainic acid was able to lower markedly ( P < 0.05 ) the glutathione ( GSH ) levels in hippocampus , cerebellum and amygdala/piriform cortex ( maximal reduction at 24 h ) . In a similar way , lipid peroxidation , as assessed by malonaldehyde and 4-hydroxyalkenal levels , significantly increased ( P < 0.05 ) in hippocampus , cerebellum and amygdala/piriform cortex mainly at 24 h after KA . In addition , hippocampal superoxide dismutase ( SOD ) activity decreased significantly ( P < 0.05 ) with respect to basal levels by 24 h after KA application . On the other hand , brain areas such as hypothalamus , striatum and cerebral cortex seem to be less susceptible to KA excitotoxicity . According to these findings , the pattern of oxidative injury induced by systemically administered KA seems to be highly region-specific . Further , our results have shown that a lower antioxidant status ( GSH and SOD ) seems not to play an important role in the selective vulnerability of certain brain regions because it correlates poorly with increases in markers of oxidative damage .
0708.2083	q-bio.BM	Allosteric communication in Dihydrofolate Reductase : Signaling network and pathways for closed to occluded transition and back	E. Coli . dihydrofolate reductase ( DHFR ) undergoes conformational transitions between the closed ( CS ) and occluded ( OS ) states which , respectively , describe whether the active site is closed or occluded by the Met20 loop . A sequence-based approach is used to identify a network of residues that represents the allostery wiring diagram . We also use a self-organized polymer model to monitor the kinetics of the CS- > OS and the reverse transitions . a sliding motion of Met20 loop is observed . The residues that facilitate the Met20 loop motion are part of the network of residues that transmit allosteric signals during the CS- > OS transition .
0708.2124	q-bio.PE q-bio.QM	Maximum Likelihood Supertrees	We analyse a maximum-likelihood approach for combining phylogenetic trees into a larger `supertree ' . This is based on a simple exponential model of phylogenetic error , which ensures that ML supertrees have a simple combinatorial description ( as a median tree , minimising a weighted sum of distances to the input trees ) . We show that this approach to ML supertree reconstruction is statistically consistent ( it converges on the true species supertree as more input trees are combined ) , in contrast to the widely-used MRP method , which we show can be statistically inconsistent under the exponential error model . We also show that this statistical consistency extends to an ML approach for constructing species supertrees from gene trees . In this setting , incomplete lineage sorting ( due to coalescence rates of homologous genes being lower than speciation rates ) has been shown to lead to gene trees that are frequently different from species trees , and this can confound efforts to reconstruct the species phylogeny correctly .
0708.2384	q-bio.NC q-bio.QM	Co-operativity in neurons and the role of noise in brain	In view of some recent results in case of the dopaminergic neurons exhibiting long range correlations in VTA of the limbic brain we are interested to find out whether any stochastic nonlinear response may be reproducible in the nano scales usimg the results of quantum mechanics . We have developed a scheme to investigate this situation in this paper by taking into consideration the Schrodinger equation ( SE ) in an arbitrary manifold with a metric , which is in some sense a special case of the heat kernel equation . The special case of this heat kernel equation is the diffusion equation , which may reproduce some key phenomena of the neural activities . We make a dual equivalent circuit model of SE and incorporate non commutativity and noise inside the circuit scheme . The behaviour of the circuit elements with interesting limits are investigated . The most bizarre part is the long range response of the model by dint of the Central Limit Theorem , which is responsible for coherent behaviour of a large assembly of neurons .
