0705.4630	q-bio.PE	Y a-t-il \'elimination d'Eupelmus orientalis Crawford par Eupelmus vuilleti Crawford ( Hymenoptera : Eupelmidae ) des syst\`emes de stockage du ni\'eb\'e ( Vigna unguiculata Walp ) ?	Ni\'eb\'e is a food leguminous plant cultivated in tropical Africa for its seeds rich in proteins . The main problem setted by its production is the conservation of harvests . In the fields as in the stocks , the seeds are destroyed by pests ( bruchids ) . These bruchids are always associated with several entomophagous species of hymenoptera . Four entomophagous species were listed : an egg parasitoid ( U lariophaga Stephan ) , and three solitary larval and pupal ectoparasitoids ( D. Basalis Rondoni , Pteromalidae ; E. vuilleti Crawford and E. orientalis Crawford , Eupelmidae ) . The survey of the populations shows that at the beginning of storage , E orientalis is the most abundant specie ( 72 % ) whereas E. vuilleti and D. Basalis respectively represent 12 % and 16 % of the hymenoptera . During storage , the E orientalis population decreases gradually and it disappears completely in less than two months after the beginning of storage . E. Vuilleti population becomes gradually more important than D. basalis population which regress until less than 10 % of the emerging parasitoids . E vuilleti adopts ovicide and larvicide behaviour against D. Basalis . This behaviour explains its population regression inside granaries . If the aggressive behaviour of this Eupelmidae is a constant , that could also explain the disappearance of E orientalis . However if this species is maintained in stocks , it would be an effective control agent of bruchids according to their parasitic capacities . This study shows that ovicide and larvicide behaviour of E vuilleti is not expressed against E orientalis . When the females have exclusively the hosts already parasitized by E orientalis , they do not lay eggs . The disappearance of E orientalis could not thus be explained by the presence of E. vuilleti .
0705.4634	q-bio.QM cond-mat.stat-mech	Selective control of the apoptosis signaling network in heterogeneous cell populations	Selective control in a population is the ability to control a member of the population while leaving the other members relatively unaffected . The concept of selective control is developed using cell death or apoptosis in heterogeneous cell populations as an example . Apoptosis signaling in heterogeneous cells is described by an ensemble of gene networks with identical topology but different link strengths . Selective control depends on the statistics of signaling in the ensemble of networks and we analyse the effects of superposition , non-linearity and feedback on these statistics . Parallel pathways promote normal statistics while series pathways promote skew distributions which in the most extreme cases become log-normal . We also show that feedback and non-linearity can produce bimodal signaling statistics , as can discreteness and non-linearity . Two methods for optimizing selective control are presented . The first is an exhaustive search method and the second is a linear programming based approach . Though control of a single gene in the signaling network yields little selectivity , control of a few genes typically yields higher levels of selectivity . The statistics of gene combinations susceptible to selective control is studied and is used to identify general control strategies . We found that selectivity is promoted by acting on the least sensitive nodes in the case of weak populations , while selective control of robust populations is optimized through perturbations of more sensitive nodes . High throughput experiments with heterogeneous cell lines could be designed in an analogous manner , with the further possibility of incorporating the selectivity optimization process into a closed-loop control system .
0705.4635	q-bio.MN q-bio.CB q-bio.OT	Relationship between cellular response and behavioral variability in bacterial chemotaxis	Bacterial chemotaxis in Escherichia coli is a canonical system for the study of signal transduction . A remarkable feature of this system is the coexistence of precise adaptation in population with large fluctuating cellular behavior in single cells ( Korobkova et al . 2004 , Nature , 428 , 574 ) . Using a stochastic model , we found that the large behavioral variability experimentally observed in non-stimulated cells is a direct consequence of the architecture of this adaptive system . Reversible covalent modification cycles , in which methylation and demethylation reactions antagonistically regulate the activity of receptor-kinase complexes , operate outside the region of first-order kinetics . As a result , the receptor-kinase that governs cellular behavior exhibits a sigmoidal activation curve . This curve simultaneously amplifies the inherent stochastic fluctuations in the system and lengthens the relaxation time in response to stimulus . Because stochastic fluctuations cause large behavioral variability and the relaxation time governs the average duration of runs in response to small stimuli , cells with the greatest fluctuating behavior also display the largest chemotactic response . Finally , Large-scale simulations of digital bacteria suggest that the chemotaxis network is tuned to simultaneously optimize the random spread of cells in absence of nutrients and the cellular response to gradients of attractant .
0705.4674	q-bio.MN q-bio.PE	Evolution of complex modular biological networks	Biological networks have evolved to be highly functional within uncertain environments while remaining extremely adaptable . One of the main contributors to the robustness and evolvability of biological networks is believed to be their modularity of function , with modules defined as sets of genes that are strongly interconnected but whose function is separable from those of other modules . Here , we investigate the in silico evolution of modularity and robustness in complex artificial metabolic networks that encode an increasing amount of information about their environment while acquiring ubiquitous features of biological , social , and engineering networks , such as scale-free edge distribution , small-world property , and fault-tolerance . These networks evolve in environments that differ in their predictability , and allow us to study modularity from topological , information-theoretic , and gene-epistatic points of view using new tools that do not depend on any preconceived notion of modularity . We find that for our evolved complex networks as well as for the yeast protein-protein interaction network , synthetic lethal pairs consist mostly of redundant genes that lie close to each other and therefore within modules , while knockdown suppressor pairs are farther apart and often straddle modules , suggesting that knockdown rescue is mediated by alternative pathways or modules . The combination of network modularity tools together with genetic interaction data constitutes a powerful approach to study and dissect the role of modularity in the evolution and function of biological networks .
