0707.0754	q-bio.PE	The Symmetry of the Genetic Code and a Universal Trend of Amino Acid Gain and Loss	Part 1 of the study intends to show that the universal trend of amino acid gain and loss discovered by Jordan et al . ( 2005 ) can be accounted for by the spontaneity of DNA typical damages . These damages lead to replacements of guanine and cytosine by thymine . Part 2 proposes a hypothesis of the evolution of the genetic code , the leading mechanism of which is the nucleotide spontaneous damage . The hypothesis accounts for the universal trend of amino acid gain and loss , stability of the genetic code towards point mutations , the presence of code dialects , and the symmetry of the genetic code table .
0707.0764	q-bio.GN cs.IT math.IT physics.bio-ph	p-Adic Degeneracy of the Genetic Code	Degeneracy of the genetic code is a biological way to minimize effects of the undesirable mutation changes . Degeneration has a natural description on the 5-adic space of 64 codons $ \mathcal { C } _5 ( 64 ) = \ { n_0 + n_1 5 + n_2 5^2 : n_i = 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 \ } , $ where $ n_i $ are digits related to nucleotides as follows : C = 1 , A = 2 , T = U = 3 , G = 4 . The smallest 5-adic distance between codons joins them into 16 quadruplets , which under 2-adic distance decay into 32 doublets . p-Adically close codons are assigned to one of 20 amino acids , which are building blocks of proteins , or code termination of protein synthesis . We shown that genetic code multiplets are made of the p-adic nearest codons .
0707.0804	q-bio.PE	Post-hatching parental care behaviour and hormonal status in a precocial bird	In birds , the link between parental care behaviour and prolactin release during incubation persists after hatching in altricial birds , but has never been precisely studied during the whole rearing period in precocial species , such as ducks . The present study aims to understand how changes in parental care after hatching are related to circulating prolactin levels in mallard hens rearing ducklings . Blood was sampled in hens over at least 13 post-hatching weeks and the behaviour of the hens and the ducklings was recorded daily until fledging . Contacts between hens and the ducklings , leadership of the ducklings and gathering of them steadily decreased over post-hatching time . Conversely , resting , preening and agonistic behaviour of hens towards ducklings increased . Plasma prolactin concentrations remained at high levels after hatching and then fell after week 6 when body mass and structural size of the young were close to those of the hen . Parental care behaviour declined linearly with brood age , showed a disruption of the hen-brood bond at week 6 post-hatching and was related to prolactin concentration according to a sigmoid function . Our results suggest that a definite threshold in circulating prolactin is necessary to promote and/or to maintain post-hatching parental care in ducks .
