0709.4344	q-bio.NC	Emergence of Scale-Free Syntax Networks	The evolution of human language allowed the efficient propagation of nongenetic information , thus creating a new form of evolutionary change . Language development in children offers the opportunity of exploring the emergence of such complex communication system and provides a window to understanding the transition from protolanguage to language . Here we present the first analysis of the emergence of syntax in terms of complex networks . A previously unreported , sharp transition is shown to occur around two years of age from a ( pre-syntactic ) tree-like structure to a scale-free , small world syntax network . The nature of such transition supports the presence of an innate component pervading the emergence of full syntax . This observation is difficult to interpret in terms of any simple model of network growth , thus suggesting that some internal , perhaps innate component was at work . We explore this problem by using a minimal model that is able to capture several statistical traits . Our results provide evidence for adaptive traits , but it also indicates that some key features of syntax might actually correspond to non-adaptive phenomena .
0709.4425	q-bio.QM	Probabilistic annotation of protein sequences based on functional classifications	BACKGROUND : One of the most evident achievements of bioinformatics is the development of methods that transfer biological knowledge from characterised proteins to uncharacterised sequences . This mode of protein function assignment is mostly based on the detection of sequence similarity and the premise that functional properties are conserved during evolution . Most automatic approaches developed to date rely on the identification of clusters of homologous proteins and the mapping of new proteins onto these clusters , which are expected to share functional characteristics . RESULTS : Here , we inverse the logic of this process , by considering the mapping of sequences directly to a functional classification instead of mapping functions to a sequence clustering . In this mode , the starting point is a database of labelled proteins according to a functional classification scheme , and the subsequent use of sequence similarity allows defining the membership of new proteins to these functional classes . In this framework , we define the Correspondence Indicators as measures of relationship between sequence and function and further formulate two Bayesian approaches to estimate the probability for a sequence of unknown function to belong to a functional class . This approach allows the parametrisation of different sequence search strategies and provides a direct measure of annotation error rates . We validate this approach with a database of enzymes labelled by their corresponding four-digit EC numbers and analyse specific cases . CONCLUSION : The performance of this method is significantly higher than the simple strategy consisting in transferring the annotation from the highest scoring BLAST match and is expected to find applications in automated functional annotation pipelines .
0709.4516	q-bio.NC	Quantum formalism to describe binocular rivalry	On the basis of the general character and operation of the process of perception , a formalism is sought to mathematically describe the subjective or abstract/mental process of perception . It is shown that the formalism of orthodox quantum theory of measurement , where the observer plays a key role , is a broader mathematical foundation which can be adopted to describe the dynamics of the subjective experience . The mathematical formalism describes the psychophysical dynamics of the subjective or cognitive experience as communicated to us by the subject . Subsequently , the formalism is used to describe simple perception processes and , in particular , to describe the probability distribution of dominance duration obtained from the testimony of subjects experiencing binocular rivalry . Using this theory and parameters based on known values of neuronal oscillation frequencies and firing rates , the calculated probability distribution of dominance duration of rival states in binocular rivalry under various conditions is found to be in good agreement with available experimental data . This theory naturally explains an observed marked increase in dominance duration in binocular rivalry upon periodic interruption of stimulus and yields testable predictions for the distribution of perceptual alteration in time .
