0711.2616	q-bio.MN q-bio.BM	Modeling Protein Contact Networks	Proteins are an important class of biomolecules that serve as essential building blocks of the cells . Their three-dimensional structures are responsible for their functions . In this thesis we have investigated the protein structures using a network theoretical approach . While doing so we used a coarse-grained method , viz. , complex network analysis . We model protein structures at two length scales as Protein Contact Networks ( PCN ) and as Long-range Interaction Networks ( LINs ) . We found that proteins by virtue of being characterised by high amount of clustering , are small-world networks . Apart from the small-world nature , we found that proteins have another general property , viz. , assortativity . This is an interesting and exceptional finding as all other complex networks ( except for social networks ) are known to be disassortative . Importantly , we could identify one of the major topological determinant of assortativity by building appropriate controls .
0711.2619	q-bio.OT q-bio.QM	Newton-type Methods for REML Estimation in Genetic Analysis of Quantitative Traits	Robust and efficient optimization methods for variance component estimation using Restricted Maximum Likelihood ( REML ) models for genetic mapping of quantitative traits are considered . We show that the standard Newton-AI scheme may fail when the optimum is located at one of the constraint boundaries , and we introduce different approaches to remedy this by taking the constraints into account . We approximate the Hessian of the objective function using the average information matrix and also by using an inverse BFGS formula . The robustness and efficiency is evaluated for problems derived from two experimental data from the same animal populations .
0711.2654	q-bio.BM	New force replica exchange method and protein folding pathways probed by force-clamp technique	We have developed a new extended replica exchange method to study thermodynamics of a system in the presence of external force . Our idea is based on the exchange between different force replicas to accelerate the equilibrium process . We have shown that the refolding pathways of single ubiquitin depend on which terminus is fixed . If the N-end is fixed then the folding pathways are different compared to the case when both termini are free , but fixing the C-terminal does not change them . Surprisingly , we have found that the anchoring terminal does not affect the pathways of individual secondary structures of three-domain ubiquitin , indicating the important role of the multi-domain construction . Therefore , force-clamp experiments , in which one end of a protein is kept fixed , can probe the refolding pathways of a single free-end ubiquitin if one uses either the poly-ubiquitin or a single domain with the C-terminus anchored . However , it is shown that anchoring one end does not affect refolding pathways of the titin domain I27 , and the force-clamp spectroscopy is always capable to predict folding sequencing of this protein . We have obtained the reasonable estimate for unfolding barrier of ubiqutin . The linkage between residue Lys48 and the C-terminal of ubiquitin is found to have the dramatic effect on the location of the transition state along the end-to-end distance reaction coordinate , but the multi-domain construction leaves the transition state almost unchanged . We have found that the maximum force in the force-extension profile from constant velocity force pulling simulations depends on temperature nonlinearly . However , for some narrow temperature interval this dependence becomes linear , as have been observed in recent experiments .
0711.2687	q-bio.MN	A feedback approach to bifurcation analysis in biochemical networks with many parameters	Feedback circuits in biochemical networks which underly cellular signaling pathways are important elements in creating complex behavior . A specific aspect thereof is how stability of equilibrium points depends on model parameters . For biochemical networks , which are modelled using many parameters , it is typically very difficult to estimate the influence of parameters on stability . Finding parameters which result in a change in stability is a key step for a meaningful bifurcation analysis . We describe a method based on well known approaches from control theory , which can locate parameters leading to a change in stability . The method considers a feedback circuit in the biochemical network and relates stability properties to the control system obtained by loop -- breaking . The method is applied to a model of a MAPK cascade as an illustrative example .
