0705.1030	q-bio.QM	Detection of Aneuploidy with Digital PCR	The widespread use of genetic testing in high risk pregnancies has created strong interest in rapid and accurate molecular diagnostics for common chromosomal aneuploidies . We show here that digital polymerase chain reaction ( dPCR ) can be used for accurate measurement of trisomy 21 ( Down 's Syndrome ) , the most common human aneuploidy . dPCR is generally applicable to any aneuploidy , does not depend on allelic distribution or gender , and is able to detect signals in the presence of mosaics or contaminating maternal DNA .
0705.1053	q-bio.PE	Anisotropic probabilistic cellular automaton for a predator-prey system	We consider a probabilistic cellular automaton to analyze the stochastic dynamics of a predator-prey system . The local rules are Markovian and are based in the Lotka-Volterra model . The individuals of each species reside on the sites of a lattice and interact with an unsymmetrical neighborhood . We look for the effect of the space anisotropy in the characterization of the oscillations of the species population densities . Our study of the probabilistic cellular automaton is based on simple and pair mean-field approximations and explicitly takes into account spatial anisotropy .
0705.1057	q-bio.CB q-bio.TO	Cell adhesion and cortex contractility determine cell patterning in the Drosophila retina	Hayashi and Carthew ( Nature 431 [ 2004 ] , 647 ) have shown that the packing of cone cells in the Drosophila retina resembles soap bubble packing , and that changing E- and N-cadherin expression can change this packing , as well as cell shape . The analogy with bubbles suggests that cell packing is driven by surface minimization . We find that this assumption is insufficient to model the experimentally observed shapes and packing of the cells based on their cadherin expression . We then consider a model in which adhesion leads to a surface increase , balanced by cell cortex contraction . Using the experimentally observed distributions of E- and N-cadherin , we simulate the packing and cell shapes in the wildtype eye . Furthermore , by changing only the corresponding parameters , this model can describe the mutants with different numbers of cells , or changes in cadherin expression .
