0706.1293	q-bio.OT q-bio.QM	Influence of experimental context on the development of anhedonia in male mice imposed to chronic social stress	Anhedonia is one of the key symptoms of depression in humans . Consumption of 1 % sucrose solution supplemented with 0.2 % vanillin was studied in two experimental contexts in male mice living under chronic social stress induced by daily experience of defeats in agonistic interactions and leading to development of depression . In the first experiment , vanillin sucrose solution was made available as an option of water during 10 days to mice living in group home cages . Then the mice were subjected to social defeat stress and during stress exposure they were provided with both vanillin sucrose solution and water using a free two bottles choice paradigm . In the other experiment , vanillin sucrose solution were first offered to mice after 8 days of exposure to social defeat stress . Males familiar with vanillin sucrose solution showed vanillin sucrose preference while experiencing defeat stress : consumption of vanillin sucrose solution was about 70 % of total liquid consumption . However , the consumption of vanillin sucrose solution per gram of body weight in mice imposed to social stress during 20 days was significantly lower than in control males . In the second experiment , males after 8 days of social defeat stress were found to consume significantly less vanillin sucrose solution as compared with control males . On average during two weeks of measurements , vanillin sucrose solution intake was less than 20 % of total liquid consumption in males with symptoms of depression and anxiety . Consumption per gram of body weight also appeared to be significantly lower than in control group . Influence of the experimental context on the development of anhedonia , which was measured by the reduction in sucrose solution intake by chronically stressed male mice , has been discussed .
0706.1306	q-bio.NC	Characterizing synaptic conductance fluctuations in cortical neurons and their influence on spike generation	Cortical neurons are subject to sustained and irregular synaptic activity which causes important fluctuations of the membrane potential ( Vm ) . We review here different methods to characterize this activity and its impact on spike generation . The simplified , fluctuating point-conductance model of synaptic activity provides the starting point of a variety of methods for the analysis of intracellular Vm recordings . In this model , the synaptic excitatory and inhibitory conductances are described by Gaussian-distributed stochastic variables , or colored conductance noise . The matching of experimentally recorded Vm distributions to an invertible theoretical expression derived from the model allows the extraction of parameters characterizing the synaptic conductance distributions . This analysis can be complemented by the matching of experimental Vm power spectral densities ( PSDs ) to a theoretical template , even though the unexpected scaling properties of experimental PSDs limit the precision of this latter approach . Building on this stochastic characterization of synaptic activity , we also propose methods to qualitatively and quantitatively evaluate spike-triggered averages of synaptic time-courses preceding spikes . This analysis points to an essential role for synaptic conductance variance in determining spike times . The presented methods are evaluated using controlled conductance injection in cortical neurons in vitro with the dynamic-clamp technique . We review their applications to the analysis of in vivo intracellular recordings in cat association cortex , which suggest a predominant role for inhibition in determining both sub- and supra-threshold dynamics of cortical neurons embedded in active networks .
0706.1330	q-bio.PE astro-ph physics.geo-ph	Note on : Considering the Case for Biodiversity Cycles : Reexamining the Evidence for Periodicity in the Fossil Record , by Lieberman and Melott , arXiv preprint 0704.2896	Lieberman and Melott built their recent arXiv preprint 0704.2896 on my published paper and ( a preprint of ) a subsequent comment by Liebermans associate Cornette . But had this group waited for the Cornette comment to actually appear in print together with the expected Reply , they would have learned that his comment exposes Cornettes confusion that likely was due to journal misprint of my figure . Thus 0704.2896 is baseless . Despite receiving the extended Reply with Errata , these authors still fail to recognize that detrending of paleontological records-which they erroneously promote as a must-is an arbitrary rather than a universal operation .
