0708.0527	q-bio.BM cond-mat.stat-mech	Melting of Branched RNA Molecules	Stability of the branching structure of an RNA molecule is an important condition for its function . In this letter we show that the melting thermodynamics of RNA molecules is very sensitive to their branching geometry for the case of a molecule whose groundstate has the branching geometry of a Cayley Tree and whose pairing interactions are described by the Go model . Whereas RNA molecules with a linear geometry melt via a conventional continuous phase transition with classical exponents , molecules with a Cayley Tree geometry are found to have a free energy that seems smooth , at least within our precision . Yet , we show analytically that this free energy in fact has a mathematical singularity at the stability limit of the ordered structure . The correlation length appears to diverge on the high-temperature side of this singularity .
0708.0528	q-bio.SC	Steady-state MreB helices inside bacteria : dynamics without motors	Within individual bacteria , we combine force-dependent polymerization dynamics of individual MreB protofilaments with an elastic model of protofilament bundles buckled into helical configurations . We use variational techniques and stochastic simulations to relate the pitch of the MreB helix , the total abundance of MreB , and the number of protofilaments . By comparing our simulations with mean-field calculations , we find that stochastic fluctuations are significant . We examine the quasi-static evolution of the helical pitch with cell growth , as well as timescales of helix turnover and denovo establishment . We find that while the body of a polarized MreB helix treadmills towards its slow-growing end , the fast-growing tips of laterally associated protofilaments move towards the opposite fast-growing end of the MreB helix . This offers a possible mechanism for targeted polar localization without cytoplasmic motor proteins .
0708.0548	q-bio.SC q-bio.MN	Ascorbic acid enhances the inhibitory effect of aspirin on neuronal cyclooxygenase-2-mediated prostaglandin E2 production	In the present study , we show that ascorbic acid dose-dependently inhibited interleukin-1beta ( IL-1beta ) -mediated PGE2 synthesis in the human neuronal cell line , SK-N-SH . Furthermore , in combination with aspirin , ascorbic acid augmented the inhibitory effect of aspirin on PGE2 synthesis . However , ascorbic acid had no synergistic effect along with other COX inhibitors ( SC-58125 and indomethacin ) . The inhibition of IL-1beta-mediated PGE2 synthesis by ascorbic acid was not due to the inhibition of the expression of COX-2 or microsomal prostaglandin E synthase ( mPGES-1 ) . Rather , ascorbic acid dose-dependently ( 0.1-100 microM ) produced a significant reduction in IL-1beta-mediated production of 8-iso-prostaglandin F2alpha ( 8-iso-PGF2alpha ) , a reliable indicator of free radical formation , suggesting that the effects of ascorbic acid on COX-2-mediated PGE2 biosynthesis may be the result of the maintenance of the neuronal redox status since COX activity is known to be enhanced by oxidative stress . Our results provide in vitro evidence that the neuroprotective effects of ascorbic acid may depend , at least in part , on its ability to reduce neuronal COX-2 activity and PGE2 synthesis , owing to its antioxidant properties . Further , these experiments suggest that a combination of aspirin with ascorbic acid constitutes a novel approach to render COX-2 more sensitive to inhibition by aspirin , allowing an anti-inflammatory therapy with lower doses of aspirin , thereby avoiding the side effects of the usually high dose aspirin treatment .
0708.0559	q-bio.TO	Delayed treatment with nimesulide reduces measures of oxidative stress following global ischemic brain injury in gerbils	Metabolism of arachidonic acid by cyclooxygenase is one of the primary sources of reactive oxygen species in the ischemic brain . Neuronal overexpression of cyclooxygenase-2 has recently been shown to contribute to neurodegeneration following ischemic injury . In the present study , we examined the possibility that the neuroprotective effects of the cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor nimesulide would depend upon reduction of oxidative stress following cerebral ischemia . Gerbils were subjected to 5 min of transient global cerebral ischemia followed by 48 h of reperfusion and markers of oxidative stress were measured in hippocampus of gerbils receiving vehicle or nimesulide treatment at three different clinically relevant doses ( 3 , 6 or 12 mg/kg ) . Compared with vehicle , nimesulide significantly ( P < 0.05 ) reduced hippocampal glutathione depletion and lipid peroxidation , as assessed by the levels of malondialdehyde ( MDA ) , 4-hydroxy-alkenals ( 4-HDA ) and lipid hydroperoxides levels , even when the treatment was delayed until 6 h after ischemia . Biochemical evidences of nimesulide neuroprotection were supported by histofluorescence findings using the novel marker of neuronal degeneration Fluoro-Jade B . Few Fluoro-Jade B positive cells were seen in CA1 region of hippocampus in ischemic animals treated with nimesulide compared with vehicle . These results suggest that nimesulide may protect neurons by attenuating oxidative stress and reperfusion injury following the ischemic insult with a wide therapeutic window of protection .
0708.0564	q-bio.TO	Neuroprotective efficacy of nimesulide against hippocampal neuronal damage following transient forebrain ischemia	Cyclooxygenase-2 is involved in the inflammatory component of the ischemic cascade , playing an important role in the delayed progression of the brain damage . The present study evaluated the pharmacological effects of the selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor nimesulide on delayed neuronal death of hippocampal CA1 neurons following transient global cerebral ischemia in gerbils . Administration of therapeutically relevant doses of nimesulide ( 3 , 6 and 12 mg/kg ; i.p . ) 30 min before ischemia and at 6 , 12 , 24 , 48 and 72 h after ischemia significantly ( P < 0.01 ) reduced hippocampal neuronal damage . Treatment with a single dose of nimesulide given 30 min before ischemia also resulted in a significant increase in the number of healthy neurons in the hippocampal CA1 sector 7 days after ischemia . Of interest is the finding that nimesulide rescued CA1 pyramidal neurons from ischemic death even when treatment was delayed until 24 h after ischemia ( 34+/-9 % protection ) . Neuroprotective effect of nimesulide is still evident 30 days after the ischemic episode , providing the first experimental evidence that cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors confer a long-lasting neuroprotection . Oral administration of nimesulide was also able to significantly reduce brain damage , suggesting that protective effects are independent of the route of administration . The present study confirms the ability of cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors to reduce brain damage induced by cerebral ischemia and indicates that nimesulide can provide protection when administered for up to 24 h post-ischemia .
0708.0572	q-bio.TO	Time course of oxidative damage in different brain regions following transient cerebral ischemia in gerbils	The time course of oxidative damage in different brain regions was investigated in the gerbil model of transient cerebral ischemia . Animals were subjected to both common carotid arteries occlusion for 5 min . After the end of ischemia and at different reperfusion times ( 2 , 6 , 12 , 24 , 48 , 72 , 96 h and 7 days ) , markers of lipid peroxidation , reduced and oxidized glutathione levels , glutathione peroxidase , glutathione reductase , manganese-dependent superoxide dismutase ( MnSOD ) and copper/zinc containing SOD ( Cu/ZnSOD ) activities were measured in hippocampus , cortex and striatum . Oxidative damage in hippocampus was maximal at late stages after ischemia ( 48-96 h ) coincident with a significant impairment in glutathione homeostasis . MnSOD increased in hippocampus at 24 , 48 and 72 h after ischemia , coincident with the marked reduction in the activity of glutathione-related enzymes . The late disturbance in oxidant-antioxidant balance corresponds with the time course of delayed neuronal loss in the hippocampal CA1 sector . Cerebral cortex showed early changes in oxidative damage with no significant impairment in antioxidant capacity . Striatal lipid peroxidation significantly increased as early as 2 h after ischemia and persisted until 48 h with respect to the sham-operated group . These results contribute significant information on the timing and factors that influence free radical formation following ischemic brain injury , an essential step in determining effective antioxidant intervention .
0708.0581	q-bio.TO	The highly selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor DFU is neuroprotective when given several hours after transient cerebral ischemia in gerbils	Several studies suggest that cyclooxygenase-2 contributes to the delayed progression of ischemic brain damage . In this study we examined whether the highly selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor DFU reduces neuronal damage when administered several hours after 5 min of transient forebrain ischemia in gerbils . The extent of ischemic injury was assessed behaviorally by measuring the increases in locomotor activity and by histopathological evaluation of the extent of CA1 hippocampal pyramidal cell injury 7 days after ischemia . DFU treatment ( 10 mg/kg , p.o . ) significantly reduced hippocampal neuronal damage even if the treatment is delayed until 12 h after ischemia . These results suggest that selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors may be a valuable therapeutic strategy for ischemic brain injury .
0708.0594	q-bio.NC q-bio.TO	Do we understand the emergent dynamics of grid cell activity ?	We examine the qualitative and quantitative properties of continuous attractor networks in explaining the dynamics of grid cells .
