0706.3589	q-bio.QM	Persistence of direction increases the drift velocity of run and tumble chemotaxis	Escherichia coli is a motile bacterium that moves up a chemoattractant gradient by performing a biased random walk composed of alternating runs and tumbles . Previous models of run and tumble chemotaxis neglect one or more features of the motion , namely ( i ) a cell can not directly detect a chemoattractant gradient but rather makes temporal comparisons of chemoattractant concentration , ( ii ) rather than being entirely random , tumbles exhibit persistence of direction , meaning that the new direction after a tumble is more likely to be in the forward hemisphere , and ( iii ) rotational Brownian motion makes it impossible for an E. coli cell to swim in a straight line during a run . This paper presents an analytic calculation of the chemotactic drift velocity taking account of ( i ) , ( ii ) and ( iii ) , for weak chemotaxis . The analytic results are verified by Monte Carlo simulation . The results reveal a synergy between temporal comparisons and persistence that enhances the drift velocity , while rotational Brownian motion reduces the drift velocity .
0706.3647	q-bio.PE physics.soc-ph	Epidemic modeling in metapopulation systems with heterogeneous coupling pattern : theory and simulations	The spatial structure of populations is a key element in the understanding of the large scale spreading of epidemics . Motivated by the recent empirical evidence on the heterogeneous properties of transportation and commuting patterns among urban areas , we present a thorough analysis of the behavior of infectious diseases in metapopulation models characterized by heterogeneous connectivity and mobility patterns . We derive the basic reaction-diffusion equation describing the metapopulation system at the mechanistic level and derive an early stage dynamics approximation for the subpopulation invasion dynamics . The analytical description uses degree block variables that allows us to take into account arbitrary degree distribution of the metapopulation network . We show that along with the usual single population epidemic threshold the metapopulation network exhibits a global threshold for the subpopulation invasion . We find an explicit analytic expression for the invasion threshold that determines the minimum number of individuals traveling among subpopulations in order to have the infection of a macroscopic number of subpopulations . The invasion threshold is a function of factors such as the basic reproductive number , the infectious period and the mobility process and it is found to decrease for increasing network heterogeneity . We provide extensive mechanistic numerical Monte Carlo simulations that recover the analytical finding in a wide range of metapopulation network connectivity patterns . The results can be useful in the understanding of recent data driven computational approaches to disease spreading in large transportation networks and the effect of containment measures such as travel restrictions .
0706.3676	q-bio.OT q-bio.QM	On the Gompertzian dynamics of growth and self-organization	Comment on the Waliszewski 's article `` A principle of fractal-sto-chastic dualism and Gompertzian dynamics of growth and self-organization '' ( BioSystems 82 ( 2005 ) 61-73 ) is presented . It has been proved that the main idea of this work that Gompertzian dynamics is governed by the Schr\ '' { o } dinger-like equation including anharmonic Morse potential has been already introduced by Molski and Konarski in 2003 . Some inconsistencies and mathematical errors in the Waliszewski 's model are also pointed out .
0706.3681	q-bio.OT q-bio.QM	On the Classification Scheme for Phenomenological Universalities in Growth Problems in Physics and Other Sciences	Comment on `` Classification Scheme for Phenomenological Universalities in Growth Problems in Physics and Other Sciences '' by P. Castorina , P. P. Delsanto and C. Guiot , Phys . Rev . Lett . { \bf 96 } , 188701 ( 2006 ) is presented . It has been proved that the West-like function of growth derived by the authors is incorrect and the approach does not take into account the growth of the biological systems undergoing atrophy or demographic and economic systems undergoing involution or regression . A simple extension of the model , which permits derivation of the so far unknown involuted Gompertz function of growth is proposed .
0706.3684	q-bio.QM q-bio.SC	Stability in generic mitochondrial models	In this paper , we use a variety of mathematical techniques to explore existence , local stability , and global stability of equilibria in abstract models of mitochondrial metabolism . The class of models constructed is defined by the biological description of the system , with minimal mathematical assumptions . The key features are an electron transport chain coupled to a process of charge translocation across a membrane . In the absence of charge translocation these models have previously been shown to behave in a very simple manner with a single , globally stable equilibrium . We show that with charge translocation the conclusion about a unique equilibrium remains true , but local and global stability do not necessarily follow . In sufficiently low dimensions - i.e . for short electron transport chains - it is possible to make claims about local and global stability of the equilibrium . On the other hand , for longer chains , these general claims are no longer valid . Some particular conditions which ensure stability of the equilibrium for chains of arbitrary length are presented .
