0709.0217	q-bio.PE cond-mat.stat-mech physics.bio-ph	Mobility promotes and jeopardizes biodiversity in rock-paper-scissors games	Biodiversity is essential to the viability of ecological systems . Species diversity in ecosystems is promoted by cyclic , non-hierarchical interactions among competing populations . Such non-transitive relations lead to an evolution with central features represented by the `rock-paper-scissors ' game , where rock crushes scissors , scissors cut paper , and paper wraps rock . In combination with spatial dispersal of static populations , this type of competition results in the stable coexistence of all species and the long-term maintenance of biodiversity . However , population mobility is a central feature of real ecosystems : animals migrate , bacteria run and tumble . Here , we observe a critical influence of mobility on species diversity . When mobility exceeds a certain value , biodiversity is jeopardized and lost . In contrast , below this critical threshold all subpopulations coexist and an entanglement of travelling spiral waves forms in the course of temporal evolution . We establish that this phenomenon is robust , it does not depend on the details of cyclic competition or spatial environment . These findings have important implications for maintenance and evolution of ecological systems and are relevant for the formation and propagation of patterns in excitable media , such as chemical kinetics or epidemic outbreaks .
0709.0225	q-bio.PE cond-mat.stat-mech physics.bio-ph	Anomalous finite-size effects in the Battle of the Sexes	The Battle of the Sexes describes asymmetric conflicts in mating behavior of males and females . Males can be philanderer or faithful , while females are either fast or coy , leading to a cyclic dynamics . The adjusted replicator equation predicts stable coexistence of all four strategies . In this situation , we consider the effects of fluctuations stemming from a finite population size . We show that they unavoidably lead to extinction of two strategies in the population . However , the typical time until extinction occurs strongly prolongs with increasing system size . In the meantime , a quasi-stationary probability distribution forms that is anomalously flat in the vicinity of the coexistence state . This behavior originates in a vanishing linear deterministic drift near the fixed point . We provide numerical data as well as an analytical approach to the mean extinction time and the quasi-stationary probability distribution .
0709.0329	q-bio.QM q-bio.TO	Schizophrenia - a parameters ' game ?	Schizophrenia is a severe , currently incurable , relatively common mental condition . Its symptoms are complex and widespread . It structurally and functionally affects cortical and subcortical regions involved in cognitive , emotional and motivational aspects of behavior . Its cause is unknown , its diagnosis is based on statistical behavior and its treatment is elusive . Our paradigm addresses the complexity of schizophrenic symptoms . Building upon recent neural vulnerability and limbic dysregulation hypotheses , it offers a mathematical model for the evolution of the limbic system under perturbation . Dependence on parameters and the concept of `` bifurcation '' could be the key to understanding the threshold between `` normality '' and `` disease '' .
