0707.1206	q-bio.PE	Is territory defence related to plumage ornaments in the king penguin Aptenodytes patagonicus ?	This paper has been withdrawn by the author
0707.1210	q-bio.PE	Increased peripheral lipid clearance in an animal model of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis	Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) is the most common adult motor neuron disease , causing motor neuron degeneration , muscle atrophy , paralysis , and death . Despite this degenerative process , a stable hypermetabolic state has been observed in a large subset of patients . Mice expressing a mutant form of Cu/Zn-superoxide dismutase ( mSOD1 mice ) constitute an animal model of ALS that , like patients , exhibits unexpectedly increased energy expenditure . Counterbalancing for this increase with a high-fat diet extends lifespan and prevents motor neuron loss . Here , we investigated whether lipid metabolism is defective in this animal model . Hepatic lipid metabolism was roughly normal , whereas gastrointestinal absorption of lipids as well as peripheral clearance of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins were markedly increased , leading to decreased postprandial lipidemia . This defect was corrected by the high-fat regimen that typically induces neuroprotection in these animals . Together , our findings show that energy metabolism in mSOD1 mice shifts toward an increase in the peripheral use of lipids . This metabolic shift probably accounts for the protective effect of dietary lipids in this model .
0707.1224	q-bio.MN q-bio.QM	From Protein Interactions to Functional Annotation : Graph Alignment in Herpes	Sequence alignment forms the basis of many methods for functional annotation by phylogenetic comparison , but becomes unreliable in the `twilight ' regions of high sequence divergence and short gene length . Here we perform a cross-species comparison of two herpesviruses , VZV and KSHV , with a hybrid method called graph alignment . The method is based jointly on the similarity of protein interaction networks and on sequence similarity . In our alignment , we find open reading frames for which interaction similarity concurs with a low level of sequence similarity , thus confirming the evolutionary relationship . In addition , we find high levels of interaction similarity between open reading frames without any detectable sequence similarity . The functional predictions derived from this alignment are consistent with genomic position and gene expression data .
0707.1230	q-bio.BM	Exploring the Protein G Helix Free Energy Surface by Solute Tempering Metadynamics	The free-energy landscape of the alpha-helix of protein G is studied by means of metadynamics coupled with a solute tempering algorithm . Metadynamics allows to overcome large energy barriers , whereas solute tempering improves the sampling with an affordable computational effort . From the sampled free-energy surface we are able to reproduce a number of experimental observations , such as the fact that the lowest minimum corresponds to a globular conformation displaying some degree of beta-structure , that the helical state is metastable and involves only 65 % of the chain . The calculations also show that the system populates consistently a pi-helix state and that the hydrophobic staple motif is present only in the free-energy minimum associated with the helices , and contributes to their stabilization . The use of metadynamics coupled with solute tempering results then particularly suitable to provide the thermodynamics of a short peptide , and its computational efficiency is promising to deal with larger proteins .
0707.1238	q-bio.OT	Infected surfaces of vehicles as possible way of people 's infection by bird flu pathogenic culture	Possible variant of people 's infection by bird flu pathogenic culture in passing of everyday infection is presented in the work : through the contact of open parts of the skin with infected surfaces of the vehicle , that is the sequent of the reused water , which contains all species spectrum of pathogen accumulated on the urban areas , used in process of washing
0707.1295	q-bio.NC cond-mat.stat-mech cs.NE q-bio.QM	Efficient supervised learning in networks with binary synapses	Recent experimental studies indicate that synaptic changes induced by neuronal activity are discrete jumps between a small number of stable states . Learning in systems with discrete synapses is known to be a computationally hard problem . Here , we study a neurobiologically plausible on-line learning algorithm that derives from Belief Propagation algorithms . We show that it performs remarkably well in a model neuron with binary synapses , and a finite number of `hidden ' states per synapse , that has to learn a random classification task . Such system is able to learn a number of associations close to the theoretical limit , in time which is sublinear in system size . This is to our knowledge the first on-line algorithm that is able to achieve efficiently a finite number of patterns learned per binary synapse . Furthermore , we show that performance is optimal for a finite number of hidden states which becomes very small for sparse coding . The algorithm is similar to the standard `perceptron ' learning algorithm , with an additional rule for synaptic transitions which occur only if a currently presented pattern is `barely correct ' . In this case , the synaptic changes are meta-plastic only ( change in hidden states and not in actual synaptic state ) , stabilizing the synapse in its current state . Finally , we show that a system with two visible states and K hidden states is much more robust to noise than a system with K visible states . We suggest this rule is sufficiently simple to be easily implemented by neurobiological systems or in hardware .
0707.1307	q-bio.MN q-bio.CB	Bistability of the lac operon during growth of Escherichia coli on lactose and lactose + glucose	The lac operon of Escherichia coli exhibits bistability . Early studies showed that bistability occurs during growth on TMG/succinate and lactose + glucose , but not during growth on lactose . More recent studies with lacGFP-transfected cells show bistability with TMG/succinate , but not with lactose and lactose + glucose . In the literature , these results are attributed to variations of the positive feedback generated by induction . Specifically , during growth on TMG/succinate , induction generates positive feedback because the permease stimulates the accumulation of TMG , which , in turn , promotes the synthesis of more permease . This positive feedback is attenuated during growth on lactose because hydrolysis of lactose by galactosidase suppresses the stimulatory effect of the permease . But the stabilizing effect of dilution also changes dramatically as a function of the medium composition . For instance , during growth on TMG/succinate , the dilution rate of the permease is proportional to its activity , $ e $ , because the specific growth rate is independent of $ e $ . However , during growth on lactose , the permease dilution rate is proportional to $ e^2 $ because the specific growth rate is proportional to the specific lactose uptake rate , which in turn , proportional to $ e $ . Here , we show that : ( a ) This dependence on $ e^2 $ creates such a strong stabilizing effect that bistability is virtually impossible during growth on lactose , even in the face of positive feedback . ( b ) This stabilizing effect is weakened during growth on lactose + glucose because the specific growth rate on glucose is independent of $ e $ , so that the dilution rate once again contains a term that is proportional to $ e $ . We discuss the experimental data in the light of these results .
