0707.2428	q-bio.PE	Detecting Directional Selection from the Polymorphism Frequency Spectrum	The distribution of genetic polymorphisms in a population contains information about the mutation rate and the strength of natural selection at a locus . Here , we show that the Poisson Random Field ( PRF ) method of population-genetic inference suffers from systematic biases that tend to underestimate selection pressures and mutation rates , and that erroneously infer positive selection . These problems arise from the infinite-sites approximation inherent in the PRF method . We introduce three new inference techniques that correct these problems . We present a finite-site modification of the PRF method , as well as two new methods for inferring selection pressures and mutation rates based on diffusion models . Our methods can be used to infer not only a `` weighted average '' of selection pressures acting on a gene sequence , but also the distribution of selection pressures across sites . We evaluate the accuracy of our methods , as well that of the original PRF approach , by comparison with Wright-Fisher simulations .
0707.2446	q-bio.BM q-bio.MN	Control of poultry chicken malaria by surface functionalized amorphous nanosilica	Surface modified amorphous nanoporous silica molecules with hydrophobic as well as hydrophilic character can be effectively used as therapeutic drug for combating chicken malaria in poultry industry . The amorphous nanosilica was developed by top-down approach using volcanic soil derived silica as source material . Amorphous silica has long been used as feed additive for poultry industry and considered to be safe for human consumption by WHO and USDA . The basic mechanism of action of these nanosilica molecules is mediated by the physical absorption of VLDL , serum triglycerides and other serum cholesterol components in the lipophilic nanopores of nanosilica . This reduces the supply of the host derived cholesterol , thus limiting the growth of the malarial parasite in vivo .
0707.2551	q-bio.SC q-bio.CB	Coupling biochemistry and mechanics in cell adhesion : a model for inhomogeneous stress fiber contraction	Biochemistry and mechanics are closely coupled in cell adhesion . At sites of cell-matrix adhesion , mechanical force triggers signaling through the Rho-pathway , which leads to structural reinforcement and increased contractility in the actin cytoskeleton . The resulting force acts back to the sites of adhesion , resulting in a positive feedback loop for mature adhesion . Here we model this biochemical-mechanical feedback loop for the special case when the actin cytoskeleton is organized in stress fibers , which are contractile bundles of actin filaments . Activation of myosin II molecular motors through the Rho-pathway is described by a system of reaction-diffusion equations , which are coupled into a viscoelastic model for a contractile actin bundle . We find strong spatial gradients in the activation of contractility and in the corresponding deformation pattern of the stress fiber , in good agreement with experimental findings .
0707.2573	q-bio.QM cond-mat.soft q-bio.CB	Model for curvature-driven pearling instability in membranes	A phase-field model for dealing with dynamic instabilities in membranes is presented . We use it to study curvature-driven pearling instability in vesicles induced by the anchorage of amphiphilic polymers on the membrane . Within this model , we obtain the morphological changes reported in recent experiments . The formation of a homogeneous pearled structure is achieved by consequent pearling of an initial cylindrical tube from the tip . For high enough concentration of anchors , we show theoretically that the homogeneous pearled shape is energetically less favorable than an inhomogeneous one , with a large sphere connected to an array of smaller spheres .
0707.2587	q-bio.PE	The Shared Reward Dilemma	One of the most direct human mechanisms of promoting cooperation is rewarding it . We study the effect of sharing a reward among cooperators in the most stringent form of social dilemma , namely the Prisoner 's Dilemma . Specifically , for a group of players that collect payoffs by playing a pairwise Prisoner's Dilemma game with their partners , we consider an external entity that distributes a fixed reward equally among all cooperators . Thus , individuals confront a new dilemma : on the one hand , they may be inclined to choose the shared reward despite the possibility of being exploited by defectors ; on the other hand , if too many players do that , cooperators will obtain a poor reward and defectors will outperform them . By appropriately tuning the amount to be shared a vast variety of scenarios arises , including traditional ones in the study of cooperation as well as more complex situations where unexpected behavior can occur . We provide a complete classification of the equilibria of the $ n $ -player game as well as of its evolutionary dynamics .
