0705.2491	q-bio.NC	Sparse and Dense Encoding in Layered Associative Network of Spiking Neurons	A synfire chain is a simple neural network model which can propagate stable synchronous spikes called a pulse packet and widely researched . However how synfire chains coexist in one network remains to be elucidated . We have studied the activity of a layered associative network of Leaky Integrate-and-Fire neurons in which connection we embed memory patterns by the Hebbian Learning . We analyzed their activity by the Fokker-Planck method . In our previous report , when a half of neurons belongs to each memory pattern ( memory pattern rate $ F=0.5 $ ) , the temporal profiles of the network activity is split into temporally clustered groups called sublattices under certain input conditions . In this study , we show that when the network is sparsely connected ( $ F < 0.5 $ ) , synchronous firings of the memory pattern are promoted . On the contrary , the densely connected network ( $ F > 0.5 $ ) inhibit synchronous firings . The sparseness and denseness also effect the basin of attraction and the storage capacity of the embedded memory patterns . We show that the sparsely ( densely ) connected networks enlarge ( shrink ) the basion of attraction and increase ( decrease ) the storage capacity .
0705.2504	q-bio.BM cond-mat.soft physics.chem-ph	Nonlinear Relaxation Dynamics in Elastic Networks and Design Principles of Molecular Machines	Analyzing nonlinear conformational relaxation dynamics in elastic networks corresponding to two classical motor proteins , we find that they respond by well-defined internal mechanical motions to various initial deformations and that these motions are robust against external perturbations . We show that this behavior is not characteristic for random elastic networks . However , special network architectures with such properties can be designed by evolutionary optimization methods . Using them , an example of an artificial elastic network , operating as a cyclic machine powered by ligand binding , is constructed .
0705.2607	q-bio.PE	Selection Against Demographic Stochasticity in Age-Structured Populations	It has been shown that differences in fecundity variance can influence the probability of invasion of a genotype in a population , i.e . a genotype with lower variance in offspring number can be favored in finite populations even if it has a somewhat lower mean fitness than a competitor . In this paper , Gillespie 's results are extended to population genetic systems with explicit age structure , where the demographic variance ( variance in growth rate ) calculated in the work of Engen and colleagues is used as a generalization of '' variance in offspring number '' to predict the interaction between deterministic and random forces driving change in allele frequency . By calculating the variance from the life history parameters , it is shown that selection against variance in the growth rate will favor a genotypes with lower stochasticity in age specific survival and fertility rates . A diffusion approximation for selection and drift in a population with two genotypes with different life history matrices ( and therefore , different growth rates and demographic variances ) is derived and shown to be consistent with individual based simulations . It is also argued that for finite populations , perturbation analyses of both the growth rate and demographic variances may be necessary to determine the sensitivity of `` fitness '' ( broadly defined ) to changes in the life history parameters .
