0708.0297	q-bio.OT	Partition test and sexual motivation in male mice	Theoretical analysis of own and literature investigations of sexual motivation with the use of the partition test [ Kudryavtseva , 1987 , 1994 ] in male mice was carried out . It has been shown that appearance of a receptive female in the neighboring compartment of common cage separated by perforated transparent partition produces the enhancement of testosterone level in blood and stimulates the behavioral activity near partition as a reaction to the receptive female in naive males . In many studies this behavioral activity is considered as sexual motivation , arising in this experimental context in male mice . The lack of correlation between behavioral parameters and gonad reaction of males on receptive female , uninterconnected changes of these two parameters as well as the lack of sexual behavior between naive male and female when partition is removed cast doubt on this data interpretation . It has been supposed that in naive males behavioral reaction to a receptive female is induced by positive incentive - odor of the female associated with nursing and warmth from mother and other females which look after posterity . Short-term increase of the level of testosterone ( possessing rewarding properties ) is innate stimulus-response reaction which stimulates and prolongs behavioral interest of male to receptive female . It has been supposed that after sexual experience female odor is associated in experienced males with sexual behavior directed to the sexual partner and resulted in the formation of sexual motivation . The data are considered also in the light of the theory of motivated behavior including `` liking '' , `` wanting '' and `` learning '' [ Robinson and Berridge , 1993 , 2000 ] .
0708.0342	q-bio.MN	Transcription and noise in negative feedback loops	Recently , several studies have investigated the transcription process associated to specific genetic regulatory networks . In this work , we present a stochastic approach for analyzing the dynamics and effect of negative feedback loops ( FBL ) on the transcriptional noise . First , our analysis allows us to identify a bimodal activity depending of the strength of self-repression coupling D. In the strong coupling region D > > 1 , the variance of the transcriptional noise is found to be reduced a 28 % more than described earlier . Secondly , the contribution of the noise effect to the abundance of regulating protein becomes manifest when the coefficient of variation is computed . In the strong coupling region , this coefficient is found to be independent of all parameters and in fair agreement with the experimentally observed values . Finally , our analysis reveals that the regulating protein is significantly induced by the intrinsic and external noise in the strong coupling region . In short , it indicates that the existence of inherent noise in FBL makes it possible to produce a basal amount of proteins even though the repression level D is very strong .
0708.0370	q-bio.MN q-bio.QM	A modified Next Reaction Method for simulating chemical systems with time dependent propensities and delays	Chemical reaction systems with a low to moderate number of molecules are typically modeled as discrete jump Markov processes . These systems are oftentimes simulated with methods that produce statistically exact sample paths such as the Gillespie Algorithm or the Next Reaction Method . In this paper we make explicit use of the fact that the initiation times of the reactions can be represented as the firing times of independent , unit rate Poisson processes with internal times given by integrated propensity functions . Using this representation we derive a modified Next Reaction Method and , in a way that achieves efficiency over existing approaches for exact simulation , extend it to systems with time dependent propensities as well as to systems with delays .
0708.0377	q-bio.MN q-bio.QM	Incorporating postleap checks in tau-leaping	By explicitly representing the reaction times of discrete chemical systems as the firing times of independent , unit rate Poisson processes , we develop a new adaptive tau-leaping procedure . The procedure developed is novel in that accuracy is guaranteed by performing postleap checks . Because the representation we use separates the randomness of the model from the state of the system , we are able to perform the postleap checks in such a way that the statistics of the sample paths generated will not be biased by the rejections of leaps . Further , since any leap condition is ensured with a probability of one , the simulation method naturally avoids negative population values
0708.0425	q-bio.SC q-bio.PE	Distribution of phylogenetic diversity under random extinction	Phylogenetic diversity is a measure for describing how much of an evolutionary tree is spanned by a subset of species . If one applies this to the ( unknown ) subset of current species that will still be present at some future time , then this `future phylogenetic diversity ' provides a measure of the impact of various extinction scenarios in biodiversity conservation . In this paper we study the distribution of future phylogenetic diversity under a simple model of extinction ( a generalized `field of bullets ' model ) . We show that the distribution of future phylogenetic diversity converges to a normal distribution as the number of species grows ( under mild conditions , which are necessary ) . We also describe an algorithm to compute the distribution efficiently , provided the edge lengths are integral , and briefly outline the significance of our findings for biodiversity conservation .
0708.0426	q-bio.BM	Pathways to folding , nucleation events and native geometry	We perform extensive Monte Carlo simulations of a lattice model and the Go potential to investigate the existence of folding pathways at the level of contact cluster formation for two native structures with markedly different geometries . Our analysis of folding pathways revealed a common underlying folding mechanism , based on nucleation phenomena , for both protein models . However , folding to the more complex geometry ( i.e . that with more non-local contacts ) is driven by a folding nucleus whose geometric traits more closely resemble those of the native fold . For this geometry folding is clearly a more cooperative process .
0708.0440	q-bio.BM	Universality and diversity of folding mechanics for three-helix bundle proteins	In this study we evaluate , at full atomic detail , the folding processes of two small helical proteins , the B domain of protein A and the Villin headpiece . Folding kinetics are studied by performing a large number of ab initio Monte Carlo folding simulations using a single transferable all-atom potential . Using these trajectories , we examine the relaxation behavior , secondary structure formation , and transition-state ensembles ( TSEs ) of the two proteins and compare our results with experimental data and previous computational studies . To obtain a detailed structural information on the folding dynamics viewed as an ensemble process , we perform a clustering analysis procedure based on graph theory . Moreover , rigorous pfold analysis is used to obtain representative samples of the TSEs and a good quantitative agreement between experimental and simulated Fi-values is obtained for protein A. Fi-values for Villin are also obtained and left as predictions to be tested by future experiments . Our analysis shows that two-helix hairpin is a common partially stable structural motif that gets formed prior to entering the TSE in the studied proteins . These results together with our earlier study of Engrailed Homeodomain and recent experimental studies provide a comprehensive , atomic-level picture of folding mechanics of three-helix bundle proteins .
