0706.2285	q-bio.GN cond-mat.other physics.bio-ph q-bio.QM	Universal power law behaviors in genomic sequences and evolutionary models	We study the length distribution of a particular class of DNA sequences known as 5'UTR exons . These exons belong to the messanger RNA of protein coding genes , but they are not coding ( they are located upstream of the coding portion of the mRNA ) and are thus less constrained from an evolutionary point of view . We show that both in mouse and in human these exons show a very clean power law decay in their length distribution and suggest a simple evolutionary model which may explain this finding . We conjecture that this power law behaviour could indeed be a general feature of higher eukaryotes .
0706.2328	q-bio.QM cond-mat.other q-bio.OT	Unique mechanisms from finite two-state trajectories	Single molecule data made of on and off events are ubiquitous . Famous examples include enzyme turnover , probed via fluorescence , and opening and closing of ion-channel , probed via the flux of ions . The data reflects the dynamics in the underlying multi-substate on-off kinetic scheme ( KS ) of the process , but the determination of the underlying KS is difficult , and sometimes even impossible , due to the loss of information in the mapping of the mutli-dimensional KS onto two dimensions . A way to deal with this problem considers canonical ( unique ) forms . ( Unique canonical form is constructed from an infinitely long trajectory , but many KSs . ) Here we introduce canonical forms of reduced dimensions that can handle any KS ( i.e . also KSs with symmetry and irreversible transitions ) . We give the mapping of KSs into reduced dimensions forms , which is based on topology of KSs , and the tools for extracting the reduced dimensions form from finite data . The canonical forms of reduced dimensions constitute a powerful tool in discriminating between KSs .
0706.2353	q-bio.SC	Modeling partitioning of Min proteins between daughter cells after septation in Escherichia coli	Ongoing sub-cellular oscillation of Min proteins is required to block minicelling in E. coli . Experimentally , Min oscillations are seen in newly divided cells and no minicells are produced . In model Min systems many daughter cells do not oscillate following septation because of unequal partitioning of Min proteins between the daughter cells . Using the 3D model of Huang et al. , we investigate the septation process in detail to determine the cause of the asymmetric partitioning of Min proteins between daughter cells . We find that this partitioning problem arises at certain phases of the MinD and MinE oscillations with respect to septal closure and it persists independently of parameter variation . At most 85 % of the daughter cells exhibit Min oscillation following septation . Enhanced MinD binding at the static polar and dynamic septal regions , consistent with cardiolipin domains , does not substantially increase this fraction of oscillating daughters . We believe that this problem will be shared among all existing Min models and discuss possible biological mechanisms that may minimize partitioning errors of Min proteins following septation .
0706.2380	q-bio.BM cond-mat.soft	Tightening of knots in proteins	We perform theoretical studies of stretching of 20 proteins with knots within a coarse grained model . The knot 's ends are found to jump to well defined sequential locations that are associated with sharp turns whereas in homopolymers they diffuse around and eventually slide off . The waiting times of the jumps are increasingly stochastic as the temperature is raised . Larger knots do not return to their native locations when a protein is released after stretching .
0706.2383	q-bio.SC q-bio.MN	Allovalency revisited : an analysis of multisite phosphorylation and substrate rebinding	The utilization of multiple phosphorylation sites in regulating a biological response is ubiquitous in cell signaling . If each site contributes an additional , equivalent binding site , then one consequence of an increase in the number of phosphorylations may be to increase the probability that , upon disassociation , a ligand immediately rebinds to its receptor . How such effects may influence cell signaling systems has been less studied . Here , a self-consistent integral equation formalism for ligand rebinding , in conjunction with Monte Carlo simulations , is employed to further investigate the effects of multiple , equivalent binding sites on shaping biological responses . Multiple regimes that characterize qualitatively different physics due to the differential prevalence of rebinding effects are predicted . Calculations suggest that when ligand rebinding contributes significantly to the dose response , a purely allovalent model can influence the binding curves nonlinearly . The model also predicts that ligand rebinding in itself appears insufficient to generative a highly cooperative biological response .
