0705.3597	q-bio.BM q-bio.PE	DNA Hash Pooling and its Applications	In this paper we describe a new technique for the comparison of populations of DNA strands . Comparison is vital to the study of ecological systems , at both the micro and macro scales . Existing methods make use of DNA sequencing and cloning , which can prove costly and time consuming , even with current sequencing techniques . Our overall objective is to address questions such as : ( i ) ( Genome detection ) Is a known genome sequence present , at least in part , in an environmental sample ? ( ii ) ( Sequence query ) Is a specific fragment sequence present in a sample ? ( iii ) ( Similarity discovery ) How similar in terms of sequence content are two unsequenced samples ? We propose a method involving multiple filtering criteria that result in `` pools '' of DNA of high or very high purity . Because our method is similar in spirit to hashing in computer science , we call it DNA hash pooling . To illustrate this method , we describe protocols using pairs of restriction enzymes . The in silico empirical results we present reflect a sensitivity to experimental error . Our method will normally be performed as a filtering step prior to sequencing in order to reduce the amount of sequencing required ( generally by a factor of 10 or more ) . Even as sequencing becomes cheaper , an order of magnitude remains important .
0705.3691	q-bio.NC	A simple spontaneously active Hebbian learning model : homeostasis of activity and connectivity , and consequences for learning and epileptogenesis	A spontaneously active neural system that is capable of continual learning should also be capable of homeostasis of both firing rate and connectivity . Experimental evidence suggests that both types of homeostasis exist , and that connectivity is maintained at a state that is optimal for information transmission and storage . This state is referred to as the critical state . We present a simple stochastic computational Hebbian learning model that incorporates both firing rate and critical homeostasis , and we explore its stability and connectivity properties . We also examine the behavior of our model with a simulated seizure and with simulated acute deafferentation . We argue that a neural system that is more highly connected than the critical state ( i.e. , one that is `` supercritical '' ) is epileptogenic . Based on our simulations , we predict that the post-seizural and post-deafferentation states should be supercritical and epileptogenic . Furthermore , interventions that boost spontaneous activity should be protective against epileptogenesis .
