0705.3188	q-bio.QM	A passivity-based stability criterion for a class of interconnected systems and applications to biochemical reaction networks	This paper presents a stability test for a class of interconnected nonlinear systems motivated by biochemical reaction networks . One of the main results determines global asymptotic stability of the network from the diagonal stability of a `` dissipativity matrix '' which incorporates information about the passivity properties of the subsystems , the interconnection structure of the network , and the signs of the interconnection terms . This stability test encompasses the `` secant criterion '' for cyclic networks presented in our previous paper , and extends it to a general interconnection structure represented by a graph . A second main result allows one to accommodate state products . This extension makes the new stability criterion applicable to a broader class of models , even in the case of cyclic systems . The new stability test is illustrated on a mitogen activated protein kinase ( MAPK ) cascade model , and on a branched interconnection structure motivated by metabolic networks . Finally , another result addresses the robustness of stability in the presence of diffusion terms in a compartmental system made out of identical systems .
0705.3195	q-bio.PE cond-mat.stat-mech	Stochastic population dynamics in turbulent fields	The behavior of interacting populations typically displays irregular temporal and spatial patterns that are difficult to reconcile with an underlying deterministic dynamics . A classical example is the heterogeneous distribution of plankton communities , which has been observed to be patchy over a wide range of spatial and temporal scales . Here , we use plankton communities as prototype systems to present theoretical approaches for the analysis of the combined effects of turbulent advection and stochastic growth in the spatiotemporal dynamics of the population . Incorporation of these two factors into mathematical models brings an extra level of realism to the description and leads to better agreement with experimental data than that of previously proposed models based on reaction-diffusion equations .
