0801.0250	q-bio.NC	Information processing at single neuron level	Based on numerical simulation of Hodgkin and Huxley type neuron stimulated from many synaptic inputs , an abstract concept of signal processing in individual neuron is proposed . In the concept proposed , neuron performs binding of synaptic inputs into a single output event , based on the degree of temporal coherence between the inputs . Inhibition serves as controlling factor of this type of binding .
0801.0253	q-bio.NC cs.CL physics.data-an physics.soc-ph	Toward a statistical mechanics of four letter words	We consider words as a network of interacting letters , and approximate the probability distribution of states taken on by this network . Despite the intuition that the rules of English spelling are highly combinatorial ( and arbitrary ) , we find that maximum entropy models consistent with pairwise correlations among letters provide a surprisingly good approximation to the full statistics of four letter words , capturing ~92 % of the multi-information among letters and even `` discovering '' real words that were not represented in the data from which the pairwise correlations were estimated . The maximum entropy model defines an energy landscape on the space of possible words , and local minima in this landscape account for nearly two-thirds of words used in written English .
0801.0254	q-bio.MN stat.AP	Design of experiments and biochemical network inference	Design of experiments is a branch of statistics that aims to identify efficient procedures for planning experiments in order to optimize knowledge discovery . Network inference is a subfield of systems biology devoted to the identification of biochemical networks from experimental data . Common to both areas of research is their focus on the maximization of information gathered from experimentation . The goal of this paper is to establish a connection between these two areas coming from the common use of polynomial models and techniques from computational algebra .
