0711.1938	q-bio.NC	Comparison of two models of electric neuro-stimulation and consequences for the design of retinal prostheses	Two simple mathematical models of electric neuro-stimulation are derived and discussed . It is found that the common injected-charge model is less realistic than a model , in which a latency period , which follows after a short electric pulse , plays a role as important as the electric pulse . A stimulation signal is proposed that takes advantage of these findings and calls for experimental testing .
0711.1989	q-bio.PE cond-mat.dis-nn	Evolution in random fitness landscapes : the infinite sites model	We consider the evolution of an asexually reproducing population in an uncorrelated random fitness landscape in the limit of infinite genome size , which implies that each mutation generates a new fitness value drawn from a probability distribution $ g ( w ) $ . This is the finite population version of Kingman 's house of cards model [ J.F.C . Kingman , \textit { J. Appl . Probab . } \textbf { 15 } , 1 ( 1978 ) ] . In contrast to Kingman 's work , the focus here is on unbounded distributions $ g ( w ) $ which lead to an indefinite growth of the population fitness . The model is solved analytically in the limit of infinite population size $ N \to \infty $ and simulated numerically for finite $ N $ . When the genome-wide mutation probability $ U $ is small , the long time behavior of the model reduces to a point process of fixation events , which is referred to as a \textit { diluted record process } ( DRP ) . The DRP is similar to the standard record process except that a new record candidate ( a number that exceeds all previous entries in the sequence ) is accepted only with a certain probability that depends on the values of the current record and the candidate . We develop a systematic analytic approximation scheme for the DRP . At finite $ U $ the fitness frequency distribution of the population decomposes into a stationary part due to mutations and a traveling wave component due to selection , which is shown to imply a reduction of the mean fitness by a factor of $ 1-U $ compared to the $ U \to 0 $ limit .
0711.2001	q-bio.NC cond-mat.dis-nn nlin.CD	Temporal decorrelation of collective oscillations in neural networks with local inhibition and long-range excitation	We consider two neuronal networks coupled by long-range excitatory interactions . Oscillations in the gamma frequency band are generated within each network by local inhibition . When long-range excitation is weak , these oscillations phase-lock with a phase-shift dependent on the strength of local inhibition . Increasing the strength of long-range excitation induces a transition to chaos via period-doubling or quasi-periodic scenarios . In the chaotic regime oscillatory activity undergoes fast temporal decorrelation . The generality of these dynamical properties is assessed in firing-rate models as well as in large networks of conductance-based neurons .
0711.2058	q-bio.NC cs.AI	Computer Model of a `` Sense of Humour '' . I . General Algorithm	A computer model of a `` sense of humour '' is proposed . The humorous effect is interpreted as a specific malfunction in the course of information processing due to the need for the rapid deletion of the false version transmitted into consciousness . The biological function of a sense of humour consists in speeding up the bringing of information into consciousness and in fuller use of the resources of the brain .
0711.2061	q-bio.NC cs.AI	Computer Model of a `` Sense of Humour '' . II . Realization in Neural Networks	The computer realization of a `` sense of humour '' requires the creation of an algorithm for solving the `` linguistic problem '' , i.e . the problem of recognizing a continuous sequence of polysemantic images . Such algorithm may be realized in the Hopfield model of a neural network after its proper modification .
0711.2075	q-bio.NC	High-resolution intracellular recordings using a real-time computational model of the electrode	Intracellular recordings of neuronal membrane potential are a central tool in neurophysiology . In many situations , especially in vivo , the traditional limitation of such recordings is the high electrode resistance , which may cause significant measurement errors . We introduce a computer-aided technique , Active Electrode Compensation ( AEC ) , based on a digital model of the electrode interfaced in real time with the electrophysiological setup . The characteristics of this model are first estimated using white noise current injection . The electrode and membrane contribution are digitally separated , and the recording is then made by online subtraction of the electrode contribution . Tests comparing AEC to other techniques demonstrate that it yields recordings with improved accuracy . It enables high-frequency recordings in demanding conditions , such as injection of conductance noise in dynamic-clamp mode , not feasible with a single high resistance electrode until now . AEC should be particularly useful to characterize fast phenomena in neurons , in vivo and in vitro .
0711.2096	q-bio.TO q-bio.BM	Cyclooxygenase Inhibition Limits Blood-Brain Barrier Disruption following Intracerebral Injection of Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha in the Rat	Increased permeability of the blood-brain barrier ( BBB ) is important in neurological disorders . Neuroinflammation is associated with increased BBB breakdown and brain injury . Tumor necrosis factor-a ( TNF-a ) is involved in BBB injury and edema formation through a mechanism involving matrix metalloproteinase ( MMP ) upregulation . There is emerging evidence indicating that cyclooxygenase ( COX ) inhibition limits BBB disruption following ischemic stroke and bacterial meningitis , but the mechanisms involved are not known . We used intracerebral injection of TNF-a to study the effect of COX inhibition on TNF-a-induced BBB breakdown , MMP expression/activity and oxidative stress . BBB disruption was evaluated by the uptake of 14C-sucrose into the brain and by magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) utilizing Gd-DTPA as a paramagnetic contrast agent . Using selective inhibitors of each COX isoform , we found that COX-1 activity is more important than COX-2 in BBB opening . TNF-a induced a significant upregulation of gelatinase B ( MMP-9 ) , stromelysin-1 ( MMP-3 ) and COX-2 . In addition , TNF-a significantly depleted glutathione as compared to saline . Indomethacin ( 10 mg/kg ; i.p . ) , an inhibitor of COX-1 and COX-2 , reduced BBB damage at 24 h. Indomethacin significantly attenuated MMP-9 and MMP-3 expression and activation , and prevented the loss of endogenous radical scavenging capacity following intracerebral injection of TNF-a . Our results show for the first time that BBB disruption during neuroinflammation can be significantly reduced by administration of COX inhibitors . Modulation of COX in brain injury by COX inhibitors or agents modulating prostaglandin E2 formation/signaling may be useful in clinical settings associated with BBB disruption .
