0710.0717	q-bio.GN	Ultrafast coelectrophoretic fluorescent staining of proteins with carbocyanines	Protein detection on SDS gels or on 2-D gels must combine several features , such as sensitivity , homogeneity from one protein to another , speed , low cost , and user-friendliness . For some applications , it is also interesting to have a nonfixing stain , so that proteins can be mobilized from the gel for further use ( electroelution , blotting ) . We show here that coelectrophoretic staining by fluorophores of the oxacarbocyanine family , and especially diheptyloxacarbocyanine , offers several positive features . The sensitivity is intermediate between the one of colloidal CBB and the one of fluroescent ruthenium complexes . Detection is achieved within 1 h after the end of the electrophoretic process and does not use any fixing or toxic agent . The fluorescent SDS-carbocyanine-protein complexes can be detected either with a laser scanner with an excitation wavelength of 488 nm or with a UV table operating at 302 nm . Excellent sequence coverage in subsequent MS analysis of proteolytic peptides is also achieved with this detection method .
0710.0892	q-bio.QM q-bio.MN	Prediction and verification of indirect interactions in densely interconnected regulatory networks	We develop a matrix-based approach to predict and verify indirect interactions in gene and protein regulatory networks . It is based on the approximate transitivity of indirect regulations ( e.g . A regulates B and B regulates C often implies that A regulates C ) and optimally takes into account the length of a cascade and signs of intermediate interactions . Our method is at its most powerful when applied to large and densely interconnected networks . It successfully predicts both the yet unknown indirect regulations , as well as the sign ( activation or repression ) of already known ones . The reliability of sign predictions was calibrated using the gold-standard sets of positive and negative interactions . We fine-tuned the parameters of our algorithm by maximizing the area under the Receiver Operating Characteristic ( ROC ) curve . We then applied the optimized algorithm to large literature-derived networks of all direct and indirect regulatory interactions in several model organisms ( Homo sapiens , Saccharomyces cerevisiae , Arabidopsis thaliana and Drosophila melanogaster ) .
