0707.1977	q-bio.PE q-bio.GN	Monte Carlo Simulation and Statistical Analysis of the Effect of Coding Table Specificity on Genetic Information Coding	We present a computer simulation , which is inspired by Penna model , to help understanding the effect of genetic coding tables on population dynamics . To represent populations we used real and artificial gene sequences in this model . We coded these sequences using different amino acid tables in Nature , the standard table as well as the tables which are used by mithocondria and some eukaryotes . Contrary to common belief we find that the standard code table which is used in most organisms in Nature , does not give the most resilient coding against point mutations .
0707.1992	q-bio.PE cond-mat.stat-mech physics.bio-ph	Noise-guided evolution within cyclical interactions	We study a stochastic predator-prey model on a square lattice , where each of the six species has two superior and two inferior partners . The invasion probabilities between species depend on the predator-prey pair and are supplemented by Gaussian noise . Conditions are identified that warrant the largest impact of noise on the evolutionary process , and the results of Monte Carlo simulations are qualitatively reproduced by a four-point cluster dynamical mean-field approximation . The observed noise-guided evolution is deeply routed in short-range spatial correlations , which is supported by simulations on other host lattice topologies . Our findings are conceptually related to the coherence resonance phenomenon in dynamical systems via the mechanism of threshold duality . We also show that the introduced concept of noise-guided evolution via the exploitation of threshold duality is not limited to predator-prey cyclical interactions , but may apply to models of evolutionary game theory as well , thus indicating its applicability in several different fields of research .
0707.2011	q-bio.OT	The genetic code multiplet structure , in one number	The standard genetic code multiplet structure as well as the correct degeneracies , class by class , are all extracted from the ( unique ) number 23 , the order of the permutation group of 23 objects .
0707.2047	q-bio.BM physics.bio-ph q-bio.SC	Structural plasticity of single chromatin fibers revealed by torsional manipulation	Magnetic tweezers are used to study the mechanical response under torsion of single nucleosome arrays reconstituted on tandem repeats of 5S positioning sequences . Regular arrays are extremely resilient and can reversibly accommodate a large amount of supercoiling without much change in length . This behavior is quantitatively described by a molecular model of the chromatin 3-D architecture . In this model , we assume the existence of a dynamic equilibrium between three conformations of the nucleosome , which are determined by the crossing status of the entry/exit DNAs ( positive , null or negative ) . Torsional strain , in displacing that equilibrium , extensively reorganizes the fiber architecture . The model explains a number of long-standing topological questions regarding DNA in chromatin , and may provide the ground to better understand the dynamic binding of most chromatin-associated proteins .
0707.2076	q-bio.MN cond-mat.stat-mech	Node similarity within subgraphs of protein interaction networks	We propose a biologically motivated quantity , twinness , to evaluate local similarity between nodes in a network . The twinness of a pair of nodes is the number of connected , labeled subgraphs of size n in which the two nodes possess identical neighbours . The graph animal algorithm is used to estimate twinness for each pair of nodes ( for subgraph sizes n=4 to n=12 ) in four different protein interaction networks ( PINs ) . These include an Escherichia coli PIN and three Saccharomyces cerevisiae PINs -- each obtained using state-of-the-art high throughput methods . In almost all cases , the average twinness of node pairs is vastly higher than expected from a null model obtained by switching links . For all n , we observe a difference in the ratio of type A twins ( which are unlinked pairs ) to type B twins ( which are linked pairs ) distinguishing the prokaryote E. coli from the eukaryote S. cerevisiae . Interaction similarity is expected due to gene duplication , and whole genome duplication paralogues in S. cerevisiae have been reported to co-cluster into the same complexes . Indeed , we find that these paralogous proteins are over-represented as twins compared to pairs chosen at random . These results indicate that twinness can detect ancestral relationships from currently available PIN data .
