0711.0874	q-bio.PE cond-mat.stat-mech physics.soc-ph	Infection spreading in a population with evolving contacts	We study the spreading of an infection within an SIS epidemiological model on a network . Susceptible agents are given the opportunity of breaking their links with infected agents . Broken links are either permanently removed or reconnected with the rest of the population . Thus , the network coevolves with the population as the infection progresses . We show that a moderate reconnection frequency is enough to completely suppress the infection . A partial , rather weak isolation of infected agents suffices to eliminate the endemic state .
0711.0916	q-bio.BM q-bio.SC	Monte Carlo simulations of proteins in cages : influence of confinement on the stability of intermediate states	We present a theoretical study of the folding of small proteins inside confining potentials . Proteins are described in the framework of an effective potential model which contains the Ramachandran angles as degrees of freedom and does not need any { \it a priori } information about the native state . Hydrogen bonds , dipole-dipole- and hydrophobic interactions are taken explicitly into account . An interesting feature displayed by this potential is the presence of some intermediates between the unfolded and native states . We consider different types of confining potentials in order to study the structural properties of proteins folding inside cages with repulsive or attractive walls . Using the Wang-Landau algorithm we determine the density of states ( DOS ) and analyze in detail the thermodynamical properties of the confined proteins for different sizes of the cages . We show that confinement dramatically reduces the phase space available to the protein and that the presence of intermediate states can be controlled by varying the properties of the confining potential . Cages with strongly attractive walls lead to the disappearance of the intermediate states and to a two-state folding into a less stable configuration . However , cages with slightly attractive walls make the native structure more stable than in the case of pure repulsive potentials , and the folding process occurs through intermediate configurations . In order to test the metastable states we analyze the free energy landscapes as a function of the configurational energy and of the end-to-end distance as an order parameter .
