0709.0346	q-bio.BM physics.bio-ph physics.chem-ph	On the optimal contact potential of proteins	We analytically derive the lower bound of the total conformational energy of a protein structure by assuming that the total conformational energy is well approximated by the sum of sequence-dependent pairwise contact energies . The condition for the native structure achieving the lower bound leads to the contact energy matrix that is a scalar multiple of the native contact matrix , i.e. , the so-called Go potential . We also derive spectral relations between contact matrix and energy matrix , and approximations related to one-dimensional protein structures . Implications for protein structure prediction are discussed .
0709.0443	q-bio.PE q-bio.CB	Similar self-organizing scale-invariant properties characterize early cancer invasion and long range species spread	Occupancy of new habitats through dispersion is a central process in nature . In particular , long range dispersal is involved in the spread of species and epidemics , although it has not been previously related with cancer invasion , a process that involves spread to new tissues . We show that the early spread of cancer cells is similar to the species individuals spread and that both processes are represented by a common spatio-temporal signature , characterized by a particular fractal geometry of the boundaries of patches generated , and a power law-scaled , disrupted patch size distribution . We show that both properties are a direct result of long-distance dispersal , and that they reflect homologous ecological processes of population self-organization . Our results are significant for processes involving long-range dispersal like biological invasions , epidemics and cancer metastasis .
0709.0561	q-bio.SC physics.chem-ph q-bio.QM	Quantifying Stochastic Effects in Biochemical Reaction Networks using Partitioned Leaping	`` Leaping '' methods show great promise for significantly accelerating stochastic simulations of complex biochemical reaction networks . However , few practical applications of leaping have appeared in the literature to date . Here , we address this issue using the `` partitioned leaping algorithm '' ( PLA ) [ L.A. Harris and P. Clancy , J. Chem . Phys . 125 , 144107 ( 2006 ) ] , a recently-introduced multiscale leaping approach . We use the PLA to investigate stochastic effects in two model biochemical reaction networks . The networks that we consider are simple enough so as to be accessible to our intuition but sufficiently complex so as to be generally representative of real biological systems . We demonstrate how the PLA allows us to quantify subtle effects of stochasticity in these systems that would be difficult to ascertain otherwise as well as not-so-subtle behaviors that would strain commonly-used `` exact '' stochastic methods . We also illustrate bottlenecks that can hinder the approach and exemplify and discuss possible strategies for overcoming them . Overall , our aim is to aid and motivate future applications of leaping by providing stark illustrations of the benefits of the method while at the same time elucidating obstacles that are often encountered in practice .
