0707.1407	q-bio.MN	Reliability of genetic networks is evolvable	Control of the living cell functions with remarkable reliability despite the stochastic nature of the underlying molecular networks -- a property presumably optimized by biological evolution . We here ask to what extent the property of a stochastic dynamical network to produce reliable dynamics is an evolvable trait . Using an evolutionary algorithm based on a deterministic selection criterion for the reliability of dynamical attractors , we evolve dynamical networks of noisy discrete threshold nodes . We find that , starting from any random network , reliability of the attractor landscape can often be achieved with only few small changes to the network structure . Further , the evolvability of networks towards reliable dynamics while retaining their function is investigated and a high success rate is found .
0707.1503	q-bio.QM q-bio.GN	ProbCD : enrichment analysis accounting for categorization uncertainty	As in many other areas of science , systems biology makes extensive use of statistical association and significance estimates in contingency tables , a type of categorical data analysis known in this field as enrichment ( also over-representation or enhancement ) analysis . In spite of efforts to create probabilistic annotations , especially in the Gene Ontology context , or to deal with uncertainty in high throughput-based datasets , current enrichment methods largely ignore this probabilistic information since they are mainly based on variants of the Fisher Exact Test . We developed an open-source R package to deal with probabilistic categorical data analysis , ProbCD , that does not require a static contingency table . The contingency table for the enrichment problem is built using the expectation of a Bernoulli Scheme stochastic process given the categorization probabilities . An on-line interface was created to allow usage by non-programmers and is available at : http : //xerad.systemsbiology.net/ProbCD/ . We present an analysis framework and software tools to address the issue of uncertainty in categorical data analysis . In particular , concerning the enrichment analysis , ProbCD can accommodate : ( i ) the stochastic nature of the high-throughput experimental techniques and ( ii ) probabilistic gene annotation .
