0704.2132	q-bio.CB q-bio.QM	A quantitative study on the growth variability of tumour cell clones in vitro	Objectives : In this study , we quantify the growth variability of tumour cell clones from a human leukemia cell line . Materials and methods : We have used microplate spectrophotometry to measure the growth kinetics of hundreds of individual cell clones from the Molt3 cell line . The growth rate of each clonal population has been estimated by fitting experimental data with the logistic equation . Results : The growth rates were observed to vary among different clones . Up to six clones with a growth rate above or below the mean growth rate of the parent population were further cloned and the growth rates of their offsprings were measured . The distribution of the growth rates of the subclones did not significantly differ from that of the parent population thus suggesting that growth variability has an epigenetic origin . To explain the observed distributions of clonal growth rates we have developed a probabilistic model assuming that the fluctuations in the number of mitochondria through successive cell cycles are the leading cause of growth variability . For fitting purposes , we have estimated experimentally by flow cytometry the maximum average number of mitochondria in Molt3 cells . The model fits nicely the observed distributions of growth rates , however , cells in which the mitochondria were rendered non functional ( rho-0 cells ) showed only a 30 % reduction in the clonal growth variability with respect to normal cells . Conclusions : A tumor cell population is a dynamic ensemble of clones with highly variable growth rate . At least part of this variability is due to fluctuations in the number of mitochondria .
0704.2191	q-bio.GN	Mismatch Repair Error Implies Chargaff 's Second Parity Rule	Chargaff 's second parity rule holds empirically for most types of DNA that along single strands of DNA the base contents are equal for complimentary bases , A = T , G = C. A Markov chain model is constructed to track the evolution of any single base position along single strands of genomes whose organisms are equipped with replication mismatch repair . Under the key assumptions that mismatch error rates primarily depend the number of hydrogen bonds of nucleotides and that the mismatch repairing process itself makes strand recognition error , the model shows that the steady state probabilities for any base position to take on one of the 4 nucleotide bases are equal for complimentary bases . As a result , Chargaff 's second parity rule is the manifestation of the Law of Large Number acting on the steady state probabilities . More importantly , because the model pinpoints mismatch repair as a basis of the rule , it is suitable for experimental verification .
0704.2200	q-bio.MN	Boolean network model predicts cell cycle sequence of fission yeast	A Boolean network model of the cell-cycle regulatory network of fission yeast ( Schizosaccharomyces Pombe ) is constructed solely on the basis of the known biochemical interaction topology . Simulating the model in the computer , faithfully reproduces the known sequence of regulatory activity patterns along the cell cycle of the living cell . Contrary to existing differential equation models , no parameters enter the model except the structure of the regulatory circuitry . The dynamical properties of the model indicate that the biological dynamical sequence is robustly implemented in the regulatory network , with the biological stationary state G1 corresponding to the dominant attractor in state space , and with the biological regulatory sequence being a strongly attractive trajectory . Comparing the fission yeast cell-cycle model to a similar model of the corresponding network in S. cerevisiae , a remarkable difference in circuitry , as well as dynamics is observed . While the latter operates in a strongly damped mode , driven by external excitation , the S. pombe network represents an auto-excited system with external damping .
0704.2260	q-bio.PE	Phylogenetic mixtures on a single tree can mimic a tree of another topology	Phylogenetic mixtures model the inhomogeneous molecular evolution commonly observed in data . The performance of phylogenetic reconstruction methods where the underlying data is generated by a mixture model has stimulated considerable recent debate . Much of the controversy stems from simulations of mixture model data on a given tree topology for which reconstruction algorithms output a tree of a different topology ; these findings were held up to show the shortcomings of particular tree reconstruction methods . In so doing , the underlying assumption was that mixture model data on one topology can be distinguished from data evolved on an unmixed tree of another topology given enough data and the `` correct '' method . Here we show that this assumption can be false . For biologists our results imply that , for example , the combined data from two genes whose phylogenetic trees differ only in terms of branch lengths can perfectly fit a tree of a different topology .
