0706.3435	stat.ME	Undercomplete Blind Subspace Deconvolution via Linear Prediction	We present a novel solution technique for the blind subspace deconvolution ( BSSD ) problem , where temporal convolution of multidimensional hidden independent components is observed and the task is to uncover the hidden components using the observation only . We carry out this task for the undercomplete case ( uBSSD ) : we reduce the original uBSSD task via linear prediction to independent subspace analysis ( ISA ) , which we can solve . As it has been shown recently , applying temporal concatenation can also reduce uBSSD to ISA , but the associated ISA problem can easily become `high dimensional' [ 1 ] . The new reduction method circumvents this dimensionality problem . We perform detailed studies on the efficiency of the proposed technique by means of numerical simulations . We have found several advantages : our method can achieve high quality estimations for smaller number of samples and it can cope with deeper temporal convolutions .
0706.3443	stat.CO stat.AP	The SSM Toolbox for Matlab	State Space Models ( SSM ) is a MATLAB 7.0 software toolbox for doing time series analysis by state space methods . The software features fully interactive construction and combination of models , with support for univariate and multivariate models , complex time-varying ( dynamic ) models , non-Gaussian models , and various standard models such as ARIMA and structural time-series models . The software includes standard functions for Kalman filtering and smoothing , simulation smoothing , likelihood evaluation , parameter estimation , signal extraction and forecasting , with incorporation of exact initialization for filters and smoothers , and support for missing observations and multiple time series input with common analysis structure . The software also includes implementations of TRAMO model selection and Hillmer-Tiao decomposition for ARIMA models . The software will provide a general toolbox for doing time series analysis on the MATLAB platform , allowing users to take advantage of its readily available graph plotting and general matrix computation capabilities .
