0705.4476	stat.AP math.ST stat.ME stat.TH	Network tomography based on 1-D projections	Network tomography has been regarded as one of the most promising methodologies for performance evaluation and diagnosis of the massive and decentralized Internet . This paper proposes a new estimation approach for solving a class of inverse problems in network tomography , based on marginal distributions of a sequence of one-dimensional linear projections of the observed data . We give a general identifiability result for the proposed method and study the design issue of these one dimensional projections in terms of statistical efficiency . We show that for a simple Gaussian tomography model , there is an optimal set of one-dimensional projections such that the estimator obtained from these projections is asymptotically as efficient as the maximum likelihood estimator based on the joint distribution of the observed data . For practical applications , we carry out simulation studies of the proposed method for two instances of network tomography . The first is for traffic demand tomography using a Gaussian Origin-Destination traffic model with a power relation between its mean and variance , and the second is for network delay tomography where the link delays are to be estimated from the end-to-end path delays . We compare estimators obtained from our method and that obtained from using the joint distribution and other lower dimensional projections , and show that in both cases , the proposed method yields satisfactory results .
0705.4485	stat.ME cs.LG math.ST physics.soc-ph stat.ML stat.TH	Mixed membership stochastic blockmodels	Observations consisting of measurements on relationships for pairs of objects arise in many settings , such as protein interaction and gene regulatory networks , collections of author-recipient email , and social networks . Analyzing such data with probabilisic models can be delicate because the simple exchangeability assumptions underlying many boilerplate models no longer hold . In this paper , we describe a latent variable model of such data called the mixed membership stochastic blockmodel . This model extends blockmodels for relational data to ones which capture mixed membership latent relational structure , thus providing an object-specific low-dimensional representation . We develop a general variational inference algorithm for fast approximate posterior inference . We explore applications to social and protein interaction networks .
