0709.2989	stat.ML	Simulated Annealing : Rigorous finite-time guarantees for optimization on continuous domains	Simulated annealing is a popular method for approaching the solution of a global optimization problem . Existing results on its performance apply to discrete combinatorial optimization where the optimization variables can assume only a finite set of possible values . We introduce a new general formulation of simulated annealing which allows one to guarantee finite-time performance in the optimization of functions of continuous variables . The results hold universally for any optimization problem on a bounded domain and establish a connection between simulated annealing and up-to-date theory of convergence of Markov chain Monte Carlo methods on continuous domains . This work is inspired by the concept of finite-time learning with known accuracy and confidence developed in statistical learning theory .
0709.2997	stat.ME stat.CO	Two polynomial representations of experimental design	In the context of algebraic statistics an experimental design is described by a set of polynomials called the design ideal . This , in turn , is generated by finite sets of polynomials . Two types of generating sets are mostly used in the literature : Groebner bases and indicator functions . We briefly describe them both , how they are used in the analysis and planning of a design and how to switch between them . Examples include fractions of full factorial designs and designs for mixture experiments .
0709.3121	stat.ML q-bio.NC stat.AP	Low Dimensional Embedding of fMRI datasets	We propose a novel method to embed a functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) dataset in a low-dimensional space . The embedding optimally preserves the local functional coupling between fMRI time series and provides a low-dimensional coordinate system for detecting activated voxels . To compute the embedding , we build a graph of functionally connected voxels . We use the commute time , instead of the geodesic distance , to measure functional distances on the graph . Because the commute time can be computed directly from the eigenvectors of ( a symmetric version ) the graph probability transition matrix , we use these eigenvectors to embed the dataset in low dimensions . After clustering the datasets in low dimensions , coherent structures emerge that can be easily interpreted . We performed an extensive evaluation of our method comparing it to linear and nonlinear techniques using synthetic datasets and in vivo datasets . We analyzed datasets from the EBC competition obtained with subjects interacting in an urban virtual reality environment . Our exploratory approach is able to detect independently visual areas ( V1/V2 , V5/MT ) , auditory areas , and language areas . Our method can be used to analyze fMRI collected during `` natural stimuli '' .
