0710.0845	stat.ML	The nested Chinese restaurant process and Bayesian nonparametric inference of topic hierarchies	We present the nested Chinese restaurant process ( nCRP ) , a stochastic process which assigns probability distributions to infinitely-deep , infinitely-branching trees . We show how this stochastic process can be used as a prior distribution in a Bayesian nonparametric model of document collections . Specifically , we present an application to information retrieval in which documents are modeled as paths down a random tree , and the preferential attachment dynamics of the nCRP leads to clustering of documents according to sharing of topics at multiple levels of abstraction . Given a corpus of documents , a posterior inference algorithm finds an approximation to a posterior distribution over trees , topics and allocations of words to levels of the tree . We demonstrate this algorithm on collections of scientific abstracts from several journals . This model exemplifies a recent trend in statistical machine learning -- the use of Bayesian nonparametric methods to infer distributions on flexible data structures .
0710.0849	stat.AP	Decomposition of variance in terms of conditional means	We test against two different sets of data an apparently new approach to the analysis of the variance of a numerical variable which depends on qualitative characters . We suggest that this approach be used to complement other existing techniques to study the interdependence of the variables involved . According to our method the variance is expressed as a sum of orthogonal components , obtained as differences of conditional means , with respect to the qualitative characters . The resulting expression for the variance depends on the ordering in which the characters are considered . We suggest an algorithm which leads to an ordering which is deemed natural . The first set of data concerns the score achieved by a population of students , on an entrance examination , based on a multiple choice test with 30 questions . In this case the qualitative characters are dyadic and correspond to correct or incorrect answer to each question . The second set of data concerns the delay in obtaining the degree for a population of graduates of Italian universities . The variance in this case is analyzed with respect to a set of seven specific qualitative characters of the population studied ( gender , previous education , working condition , parent's educational level , field of study , etc . )
0710.0909	stat.ME	Computation of expansions for the maximum likelihood estimator and its distribution function	In this paper , insight is given in the techniques used to compute asymptotic expansions . In a broad fashion the technique is described . Most of the results apply to the paper `` An expansion for the maximum likelihood estimator and its distribution function '' , which will be submitted .
