0705.0568	stat.AP stat.ME	Bivariate linear mixed models using SAS proc MIXED	Bivariate linear mixed models are useful when analyzing longitudinal data of two associated markers . In this paper , we present a bivariate linear mixed model including random effects or first-order auto-regressive process and independent measurement error for both markers . Codes and tricks to fit these models using SAS Proc MIXED are provided . Limitations of this program are discussed and an example in the field of HIV infection is shown . Despite some limitations , SAS Proc MIXED is a useful tool that may be easily extendable to multivariate response in longitudinal studies .
0705.0569	stat.AP	Mixed models for longitudinal left-censored repeated measures	Longitudinal studies could be complicated by left-censored repeated measures . For example , in Human Immunodeficiency Virus infection , there is a detection limit of the assay used to quantify the plasma viral load . Simple imputation of the limit of the detection or of half of this limit for left-censored measures biases estimations and their standard errors . In this paper , we review two likelihood-based methods proposed to handle left-censoring of the outcome in linear mixed model . We show how to fit these models using SAS Proc NLMIXED and we compare this tool with other programs . Indications and limitations of the programs are discussed and an example in the field of HIV infection is shown .
0705.0700	stat.ME	Inflated Beta Distributions	This paper considers the issue of modeling fractional data observed in the interval [ 0,1 ) , ( 0,1 ] or [ 0,1 ] . Mixed continuous-discrete distributions are proposed . The beta distribution is used to describe the continuous component of the model since its density can have quite diferent shapes depending on the values of the two parameters that index the distribution . Properties of the proposed distributions are examined . Also , maximum likelihood and method of moments estimation is discussed . Finally , practical applications that employ real data are presented .
