0708.3774	stat.ME	Fisher Lecture : Dimension Reduction in Regression	Beginning with a discussion of R. A. Fisher 's early written remarks that relate to dimension reduction , this article revisits principal components as a reductive method in regression , develops several model-based extensions and ends with descriptions of general approaches to model-based and model-free dimension reduction in regression . It is argued that the role for principal components and related methodology may be broader than previously seen and that the common practice of conditioning on observed values of the predictors may unnecessarily limit the choice of regression methodology .
0708.3776	stat.ME	Comment : Fisher Lecture : Dimension Reduction in Regression	Comment : Fisher Lecture : Dimension Reduction in Regression [ arXiv:0708.3774 ]
0708.3777	stat.ME	Comment : Fisher Lecture : Dimension Reduction in Regression	Comment : Fisher Lecture : Dimension Reduction in Regression [ arXiv:0708.3774 ]
0708.3779	stat.ME	Comment : Fisher Lecture : Dimension Reduction in Regression	Comment : Fisher Lecture : Dimension Reduction in Regression [ arXiv:0708.3774 ]
0708.3781	stat.ME	Rejoinder : Fisher Lecture : Dimension Reduction in Regression	Rejoinder : Fisher Lecture : Dimension Reduction in Regression [ arXiv:0708.3774 ]
0708.3796	stat.ME	Embedding Population Dynamics Models in Inference	Increasing pressures on the environment are generating an ever-increasing need to manage animal and plant populations sustainably , and to protect and rebuild endangered populations . Effective management requires reliable mathematical models , so that the effects of management action can be predicted , and the uncertainty in these predictions quantified . These models must be able to predict the response of populations to anthropogenic change , while handling the major sources of uncertainty . We describe a simple `` building block '' approach to formulating discrete-time models . We show how to estimate the parameters of such models from time series of data , and how to quantify uncertainty in those estimates and in numbers of individuals of different types in populations , using computer-intensive Bayesian methods . We also discuss advantages and pitfalls of the approach , and give an example using the British grey seal population .
0708.3797	stat.ME	A General Framework for the Parametrization of Hierarchical Models	In this paper , we describe centering and noncentering methodology as complementary techniques for use in parametrization of broad classes of hierarchical models , with a view to the construction of effective MCMC algorithms for exploring posterior distributions from these models . We give a clear qualitative understanding as to when centering and noncentering work well , and introduce theory concerning the convergence time complexity of Gibbs samplers using centered and noncentered parametrizations . We give general recipes for the construction of noncentered parametrizations , including an auxiliary variable technique called the state-space expansion technique . We also describe partially noncentered methods , and demonstrate their use in constructing robust Gibbs sampler algorithms whose convergence properties are not overly sensitive to the data .
