0709.0366	stat.AP	Control of the mean number of false discoveries , Bonferroni and stability of multiple testing	The Bonferroni multiple testing procedure is commonly perceived as being overly conservative in large-scale simultaneous testing situations such as those that arise in microarray data analysis . The objective of the present study is to show that this popular belief is due to overly stringent requirements that are typically imposed on the procedure rather than to its conservative nature . To get over its notorious conservatism , we advocate using the Bonferroni selection rule as a procedure that controls the per family error rate ( PFER ) . The present paper reports the first study of stability properties of the Bonferroni and Benjamini -- Hochberg procedures . The Bonferroni procedure shows a superior stability in terms of the variance of both the number of true discoveries and the total number of discoveries , a property that is especially important in the presence of correlations between individual $ p $ -values . Its stability and the ability to provide strong control of the PFER make the Bonferroni procedure an attractive choice in microarray studies .
0709.0394	stat.AP	Spatial variation of total column ozone on a global scale	The spatial dependence of total column ozone varies strongly with latitude , so that homogeneous models ( invariant to all rotations ) are clearly unsuitable . However , an assumption of axial symmetry , which means that the process model is invariant to rotations about the Earth 's axis , is much more plausible and considerably simplifies the modeling . Using TOMS ( Total Ozone Mapping Spectrometer ) measurements of total column ozone over a six-day period , this work investigates the modeling of axially symmetric processes on the sphere using expansions in spherical harmonics . It turns out that one can capture many of the large scale features of the spatial covariance structure using a relatively small number of terms in such an expansion , but the resulting fitted model provides a horrible fit to the data when evaluated via its likelihood because of its inability to describe accurately the process 's local behavior . Thus , there remains the challenge of developing computationally tractable models that capture both the large and small scale structure of these data .
0709.0406	stat.AP	A resampling-based test to detect person-to-person transmission of infectious disease	Early detection of person-to-person transmission of emerging infectious diseases such as avian influenza is crucial for containing pandemics . We developed a simple permutation test and its refined version for this purpose . A simulation study shows that the refined permutation test is as powerful as or outcompetes the conventional test built on asymptotic theory , especially when the sample size is small . In addition , our resampling methods can be applied to a broad range of problems where an asymptotic test is not available or fails . We also found that decent statistical power could be attained with just a small number of cases , if the disease is moderately transmissible between humans .
0709.0421	stat.AP	Probabilistic projections of HIV prevalence using Bayesian melding	The Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS ( UNAIDS ) has developed the Estimation and Projection Package ( EPP ) for making national estimates and short-term projections of HIV prevalence based on observed prevalence trends at antenatal clinics . Assessing the uncertainty about its estimates and projections is important for informed policy decision making , and we propose the use of Bayesian melding for this purpose . Prevalence data and other information about the EPP model 's input parameters are used to derive a probabilistic HIV prevalence projection , namely a probability distribution over a set of future prevalence trajectories . We relate antenatal clinic prevalence to population prevalence and account for variability between clinics using a random effects model . Predictive intervals for clinic prevalence are derived for checking the model . We discuss predictions given by the EPP model and the results of the Bayesian melding procedure for Uganda , where prevalence peaked at around 28 % in 1990 ; the 95 % prediction interval for 2010 ranges from 2 % to 7 % .
0709.0427	stat.AP	A multivariate semiparametric Bayesian spatial modeling framework for hurricane surface wind fields	Storm surge , the onshore rush of sea water caused by the high winds and low pressure associated with a hurricane , can compound the effects of inland flooding caused by rainfall , leading to loss of property and loss of life for residents of coastal areas . Numerical ocean models are essential for creating storm surge forecasts for coastal areas . These models are driven primarily by the surface wind forcings . Currently , the gridded wind fields used by ocean models are specified by deterministic formulas that are based on the central pressure and location of the storm center . While these equations incorporate important physical knowledge about the structure of hurricane surface wind fields , they can not always capture the asymmetric and dynamic nature of a hurricane . A new Bayesian multivariate spatial statistical modeling framework is introduced combining data with physical knowledge about the wind fields to improve the estimation of the wind vectors . Many spatial models assume the data follow a Gaussian distribution . However , this may be overly-restrictive for wind fields data which often display erratic behavior , such as sudden changes in time or space . In this paper we develop a semiparametric multivariate spatial model for these data . Our model builds on the stick-breaking prior , which is frequently used in Bayesian modeling to capture uncertainty in the parametric form of an outcome . The stick-breaking prior is extended to the spatial setting by assigning each location a different , unknown distribution , and smoothing the distributions in space with a series of kernel functions . This semiparametric spatial model is shown to improve prediction compared to usual Bayesian Kriging methods for the wind field of Hurricane Ivan .
