0711.3657	stat.ME	Bayesian Shrinkage Variable Selection	Withdrawn due to extensions and submission as another paper .
0711.3687	stat.AP	Residual-based localization and quantification of peaks in x-ray diffractograms	We consider data consisting of photon counts of diffracted x-ray radiation as a function of the angle of diffraction . The problem is to determine the positions , powers and shapes of the relevant peaks . An additional difficulty is that the power of the peaks is to be measured from a baseline which itself must be identified . Most methods of de-noising data of this kind do not explicitly take into account the modality of the final estimate . The residual-based procedure we propose uses the so-called taut string method , which minimizes the number of peaks subject to a tube constraint on the integrated data . The baseline is identified by combining the result of the taut string with an estimate of the first derivative of the baseline obtained using a weighted smoothing spline . Finally , each individual peak is expressed as the finite sum of kernels chosen from a parametric family .
0711.3765	stat.AP	MCMC Inference for a Model with Sampling Bias : An Illustration using SAGE data	This paper explores Bayesian inference for a biased sampling model in situations where the population of interest can not be sampled directly , but rather through an indirect and inherently biased method . Observations are viewed as being the result of a multinomial sampling process from a tagged population which is , in turn , a biased sample from the original population of interest . This paper presents several Gibbs Sampling techniques to estimate the joint posterior distribution of the original population based on the observed counts of the tagged population . These algorithms efficiently sample from the joint posterior distribution of a very large multinomial parameter vector . Samples from this method can be used to generate both joint and marginal posterior inferences . We also present an iterative optimization procedure based upon the conditional distributions of the Gibbs Sampler which directly computes the mode of the posterior distribution . To illustrate our approach , we apply it to a tagged population of messanger RNAs ( mRNA ) generated using a common high-throughput technique , Serial Analysis of Gene Expression ( SAGE ) . Inferences for the mRNA expression levels in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae are reported .
