0708.1051	stat.CO	Deconvolution by simulation	Given samples ( x_1 , ... , x_m ) and ( z_1 , ... , z_n ) which we believe are independent realizations of random variables X and Z respectively , where we further believe that Z=X+Y with Y independent of X , the problem is to estimate the distribution of Y . We present a new method for doing this , involving simulation . Experiments suggest that the method provides useful estimates .
0708.1069	stat.ME	A comparison of the accuracy of saddlepoint conditional cumulative distribution function approximations	Consider a model parameterized by a scalar parameter of interest and a nuisance parameter vector . Inference about the parameter of interest may be based on the signed root of the likelihood ratio statistic R. The standard normal approximation to the conditional distribution of R typically has error of order O ( n^ { -1/2 } ) , where n is the sample size . There are several modifications for R , which reduce the order of error in the approximations . In this paper , we mainly investigate Barndorff-Nielsen 's modified directed likelihood ratio statistic , Severini 's empirical adjustment , and DiCiccio and Martin 's two modifications , involving the Bayesian approach and the conditional likelihood ratio statistic . For each modification , two formats were employed to approximate the conditional cumulative distribution function ; these are Barndorff-Nielson formats and the Lugannani and Rice formats . All approximations were applied to inference on the ratio of means for two independent exponential random variables . We constructed one and two-sided hypotheses tests and used the actual sizes of the tests as the measurements of accuracy to compare those approximations .
0708.1079	stat.ME	Statistical inverse problems in active network tomography	The analysis of computer and communication networks gives rise to some interesting inverse problems . This paper is concerned with active network tomography where the goal is to recover information about quality-of-service ( QoS ) parameters at the link level from aggregate data measured on end-to-end network paths . The estimation and monitoring of QoS parameters , such as loss rates and delays , are of considerable interest to network engineers and Internet service providers . The paper provides a review of the inverse problems and recent research on inference for loss rates and delay distributions . Some new results on parametric inference for delay distributions are also developed . In addition , a real application on Internet telephony is discussed .
0708.1085	stat.ME	Using data network metrics , graphics , and topology to explore network characteristics	Yehuda Vardi introduced the term network tomography and was the first to propose and study how statistical inverse methods could be adapted to attack important network problems ( Vardi , 1996 ) . More recently , in one of his final papers , Vardi proposed notions of metrics on networks to define and measure distances between a network 's links , its paths , and also between different networks ( Vardi , 2004 ) . In this paper , we apply Vardi 's general approach for network metrics to a real data network by using data obtained from special data network tools and testing procedures presented here . We illustrate how the metrics help explicate interesting features of the traffic characteristics on the network . We also adapt the metrics in order to condition on traffic passing through a portion of the network , such as a router or pair of routers , and show further how this approach helps to discover and explain interesting network characteristics .
0708.1107	stat.ME	Functional analysis via extensions of the band depth	The notion of data depth has long been in use to obtain robust location and scale estimates in a multivariate setting . The depth of an observation is a measure of its centrality , with respect to a data set or a distribution . The data depths of a set of multivariate observations translates to a center-outward ordering of the data . Thus , data depth provides a generalization of the median to a multivariate setting ( the deepest observation ) , and can also be used to screen for extreme observations or outliers ( the observations with low data depth ) . Data depth has been used in the development of a wide range of robust and non-parametric methods for multivariate data , such as non-parametric tests of location and scale [ Li and Liu ( 2004 ) ] , multivariate rank-tests [ Liu and Singh ( 1993 ) ] , non-parametric classification and clustering [ Jornsten ( 2004 ) ] , and robust regression [ Rousseeuw and Hubert ( 1999 ) ] . Many different notions of data depth have been developed for multivariate data . In contrast , data depth measures for functional data have only recently been proposed [ Fraiman and Muniz ( 1999 ) , L\ ' { o } pez-Pintado and Romo ( 2006a ) ] . While the definitions of both of these data depth measures are motivated by the functional aspect of the data , the measures themselves are in fact invariant with respect to permutations of the domain ( i.e . the compact interval on which the functions are defined ) . Thus , these measures are equally applicable to multivariate data where there is no explicit ordering of the data dimensions . In this paper we explore some extensions of functional data depths , so as to take the ordering of the data dimensions into account .
