0711.3218	stat.ME	An Integral Measure of Aging/Rejuvenation for Repairable and Non-repairable Systems	This paper introduces a simple index that helps to assess the degree of aging or rejuvenation of a ( non ) repairable system . The index ranges from -1 to 1 and is negative for the class of decreasing failure rate distributions ( or deteriorating point processes ) and is positive for the increasing failure rate distributions ( or improving point processes ) . The introduced index is distribution free .
0711.3271	stat.ME	Computer model validation with functional output	A key question in evaluation of computer models is Does the computer model adequately represent reality ? A six-step process for computer model validation is set out in Bayarri et al . [ Technometrics 49 ( 2007 ) 138 -- 154 ] ( and briefly summarized below ) , based on comparison of computer model runs with field data of the process being modeled . The methodology is particularly suited to treating the major issues associated with the validation process : quantifying multiple sources of error and uncertainty in computer models ; combining multiple sources of information ; and being able to adapt to different , but related scenarios . Two complications that frequently arise in practice are the need to deal with highly irregular functional data and the need to acknowledge and incorporate uncertainty in the inputs . We develop methodology to deal with both complications . A key part of the approach utilizes a wavelet representation of the functional data , applies a hierarchical version of the scalar validation methodology to the wavelet coefficients , and transforms back , to ultimately compare computer model output with field output . The generality of the methodology is only limited by the capability of a combination of computational tools and the appropriateness of decompositions of the sort ( wavelets ) employed here . The methods and analyses we present are illustrated with a test bed dynamic stress analysis for a particular engineering system .
