0710.4614	stat.ME	A Family of Generalized Beta Distributions for Income	The mathematical properties of a family of generalized beta distribution , including beta-normal , skewed-t , log-F , beta-exponential , beta-Weibull distributions have recently been studied in several publications . This paper applies these distributions to the modeling of the size distribution of income and computes the maximum likelihood estimation estimates of parameters . Their performances are compared to the widely used generalized beta distributions of the first and second types in terms of measures of goodness of fit .
0710.4618	stat.ME	The Use of Unlabeled Data in Predictive Modeling	The incorporation of unlabeled data in regression and classification analysis is an increasing focus of the applied statistics and machine learning literatures , with a number of recent examples demonstrating the potential for unlabeled data to contribute to improved predictive accuracy . The statistical basis for this semisupervised analysis does not appear to have been well delineated ; as a result , the underlying theory and rationale may be underappreciated , especially by nonstatisticians . There is also room for statisticians to become more fully engaged in the vigorous research in this important area of intersection of the statistical and computer sciences . Much of the theoretical work in the literature has focused , for example , on geometric and structural properties of the unlabeled data in the context of particular algorithms , rather than probabilistic and statistical questions . This paper overviews the fundamental statistical foundations for predictive modeling and the general questions associated with unlabeled data , highlighting the relevance of venerable concepts of sampling design and prior specification . This theory , illustrated with a series of central illustrative examples and two substantial real data analyses , shows precisely when , why and how unlabeled data matter .
0710.4622	stat.ME	Statistical and Clinical Aspects of Hospital Outcomes Profiling	Hospital profiling involves a comparison of a health care provider's structure , processes of care , or outcomes to a standard , often in the form of a report card . Given the ubiquity of report cards and similar consumer ratings in contemporary American culture , it is notable that these are a relatively recent phenomenon in health care . Prior to the 1986 release of Medicare hospital outcome data , little such information was publicly available . We review the historical evolution of hospital profiling with special emphasis on outcomes ; present a detailed history of cardiac surgery report cards , the paradigm for modern provider profiling ; discuss the potential unintended negative consequences of public report cards ; and describe various statistical methodologies for quantifying the relative performance of cardiac surgery programs . Outstanding statistical issues are also described .
0710.4675	stat.ME	A Conversation with Shoutir Kishore Chatterjee	Shoutir Kishore Chatterjee was born in Ranchi , a small hill station in India , on November 6 , 1934 . He received his B.Sc . in statistics from the Presidency College , Calcutta , in 1954 , and M.Sc . and Ph.D. degrees in statistics from the University of Calcutta in 1956 and 1962 , respectively . He was appointed a lecturer in the Department of Statistics , University of Calcutta , in 1960 and was a member of its faculty until his retirement as a professor in 1997 . Indeed , from the 1970s he steered the teaching and research activities of the department for the next three decades . Professor Chatterjee was the National Lecturer in Statistics ( 1985 -- 1986 ) of the University Grants Commission , India , the President of the Section of Statistics of the Indian Science Congress ( 1989 ) and an Emeritus Scientist ( 1997 -- 2000 ) of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research , India . Professor Chatterjee , affectionately known as SKC to his students and admirers , is a truly exceptional person who embodies the spirit of eternal India . He firmly believes that `` fulfillment in man 's life does not come from amassing a lot of money , after the threshold of what is required for achieving a decent living is crossed . It does not come even from peer recognition for intellectual achievements . Of course , one has to work and toil a lot before one realizes these facts . ''
0710.4768	stat.ME	A Conversation with Dorothy Gilford	In 1946 , Public Law 588 of the 79th Congress established the Office of Naval Research ( ONR ) . Its mission was to plan , foster and encourage scientific research in support of Naval problems . The establishment of ONR predates the National Science Foundation and initiated the refocusing of scientific infrastructure in the United States following World War II . At the time , ONR was the only source for federal support of basic research in the United States . Dorothy Gilford was one of the first Heads of the Probability and Statistics program at the Office of Naval Research ( 1955 to 1962 ) , and she went on to serve as Director of the Mathematical Sciences Division ( 1962 to 1968 ) . During her time at ONR , Dorothy influenced many areas of statistics and mathematics and was ahead of her time in promoting interdisciplinary projects . Dorothy continued her career at the National Center for Education Statistics ( 1969 to 1974 ) . She was active in starting international comparisons of education outcomes in different countries , which has influenced educational policy in the United States . Dorothy went on to serve in many capacities at the National Academy of Sciences , including Director of Human Resources Studies ( 1975 to 1978 ) , Senior Statistician on the Committee on National Statistics ( 1978 to 1988 ) and Director of the Board on International Comparative Studies in Education ( 1988 to 1994 ) . The following is a conversation we had with Dorothy Gilford in March of 2004 . We found her to be an interesting person and a remarkable statistician . We hope you agree .
0710.4788	stat.AP physics.med-ph	A Bayesian Hierarchical Model for the Analysis of a Longitudinal Dynamic Contrast-Enhanced MRI Cancer Study	Imaging in clinical oncology trials provides a wealth of information that contributes to the drug development process , especially in early phase studies . This paper focuses on kinetic modeling in DCE-MRI , inspired by mixed-effects models that are frequently used in the analysis of clinical trials . Instead of summarizing each scanning session as a single kinetic parameter -- such as median $ \ktrans $ across all voxels in the tumor ROI -- we propose to analyze all voxel time courses from all scans and across all subjects simultaneously in a single model . The kinetic parameters from the usual non-linear regression model are decomposed into unique components associated with factors from the longitudinal study ; e.g. , treatment , patient and voxel effects . A Bayesian hierarchical model provides the framework in order to construct a data model , a parameter model , as well as prior distributions . The posterior distribution of the kinetic parameters is estimated using Markov chain Monte Carlo ( MCMC ) methods . Hypothesis testing at the study level for an overall treatment effect is straightforward and the patient- and voxel-level parameters capture random effects that provide additional information at various levels of resolution to allow a thorough evaluation of the clinical trial . The proposed method is validated with a breast cancer study , where the subjects were imaged before and after two cycles of chemotherapy , demonstrating the clinical potential of this method to longitudinal oncology studies .
