0711.1594	stat.ME math.ST q-fin.CP stat.CO stat.TH	Inference for stochastic volatility models using time change transformations	We address the problem of parameter estimation for diffusion driven stochastic volatility models through Markov chain Monte Carlo ( MCMC ) . To avoid degeneracy issues we introduce an innovative reparametrisation defined through transformations that operate on the time scale of the diffusion . A novel MCMC scheme which overcomes the inherent difficulties of time change transformations is also presented . The algorithm is fast to implement and applies to models with stochastic volatility . The methodology is tested through simulation based experiments and illustrated on data consisting of US treasury bill rates .
0711.1612	stat.ME math.ST stat.TH	Enhancing Sparsity by Reweighted L1 Minimization	It is now well understood that ( 1 ) it is possible to reconstruct sparse signals exactly from what appear to be highly incomplete sets of linear measurements and ( 2 ) that this can be done by constrained L1 minimization . In this paper , we study a novel method for sparse signal recovery that in many situations outperforms L1 minimization in the sense that substantially fewer measurements are needed for exact recovery . The algorithm consists of solving a sequence of weighted L1-minimization problems where the weights used for the next iteration are computed from the value of the current solution . We present a series of experiments demonstrating the remarkable performance and broad applicability of this algorithm in the areas of sparse signal recovery , statistical estimation , error correction and image processing . Interestingly , superior gains are also achieved when our method is applied to recover signals with assumed near-sparsity in overcomplete representations -- not by reweighting the L1 norm of the coefficient sequence as is common , but by reweighting the L1 norm of the transformed object . An immediate consequence is the possibility of highly efficient data acquisition protocols by improving on a technique known as compressed sensing .
