0704.3649	stat.ME math.ST stat.TH	Quantile and Probability Curves Without Crossing	This paper proposes a method to address the longstanding problem of lack of monotonicity in estimation of conditional and structural quantile functions , also known as the quantile crossing problem . The method consists in sorting or monotone rearranging the original estimated non-monotone curve into a monotone rearranged curve . We show that the rearranged curve is closer to the true quantile curve in finite samples than the original curve , establish a functional delta method for rearrangement-related operators , and derive functional limit theory for the entire rearranged curve and its functionals . We also establish validity of the bootstrap for estimating the limit law of the the entire rearranged curve and its functionals . Our limit results are generic in that they apply to every estimator of a monotone econometric function , provided that the estimator satisfies a functional central limit theorem and the function satisfies some smoothness conditions . Consequently , our results apply to estimation of other econometric functions with monotonicity restrictions , such as demand , production , distribution , and structural distribution functions . We illustrate the results with an application to estimation of structural quantile functions using data on Vietnam veteran status and earnings .
0704.3686	stat.ME math.ST stat.TH	Improving Estimates of Monotone Functions by Rearrangement	Suppose that a target function is monotonic , namely , weakly increasing , and an original estimate of the target function is available , which is not weakly increasing . Many common estimation methods used in statistics produce such estimates . We show that these estimates can always be improved with no harm using rearrangement techniques : The rearrangement methods , univariate and multivariate , transform the original estimate to a monotonic estimate , and the resulting estimate is closer to the true curve in common metrics than the original estimate . We illustrate the results with a computational example and an empirical example dealing with age-height growth charts .
