0710.0508	stat.ML math.ST stat.TH	Structured variable selection in support vector machines	When applying the support vector machine ( SVM ) to high-dimensional classification problems , we often impose a sparse structure in the SVM to eliminate the influences of the irrelevant predictors . The lasso and other variable selection techniques have been successfully used in the SVM to perform automatic variable selection . In some problems , there is a natural hierarchical structure among the variables . Thus , in order to have an interpretable SVM classifier , it is important to respect the heredity principle when enforcing the sparsity in the SVM . Many variable selection methods , however , do not respect the heredity principle . In this paper we enforce both sparsity and the heredity principle in the SVM by using the so-called structured variable selection ( SVS ) framework originally proposed in Yuan , Joseph and Zou ( 2007 ) . We minimize the empirical hinge loss under a set of linear inequality constraints and a lasso-type penalty . The solution always obeys the desired heredity principle and enjoys sparsity . The new SVM classifier can be efficiently fitted , because the optimization problem is a linear program . Another contribution of this work is to present a nonparametric extension of the SVS framework , and we propose nonparametric heredity SVMs . Simulated and real data are used to illustrate the merits of the proposed method .
0710.0559	stat.AP	Panel and Pseudo-Panel Estimation of Cross-Sectional and Time Series Elasticities of Food Consumption : The Case of American and Polish Data	The problem addressed in this article is the bias to income and expenditure elasticities estimated on pseudo-panel data caused by measurement error and unobserved heterogeneity . We gauge empirically these biases by comparing cross-sectional , pseudo-panel and true panel data from both Polish and American expenditure surveys . Our results suggest that unobserved heterogeneity imparts a downward bias to cross-section estimates of income elasticities of at-home food expenditures and an upward bias to estimates of income elasticities of away-from-home food expenditures . `` Within '' and first-difference estimators suffer less bias , but only if the effects of measurement error are accounted for with instrumental variables .
0710.0657	stat.AP physics.ao-ph	A Multiresolution Census Algorithm for Calculating Vortex Statistics in Turbulent Flows	The fundamental equations that model turbulent flow do not provide much insight into the size and shape of observed turbulent structures . We investigate the efficient and accurate representation of structures in two-dimensional turbulence by applying statistical models directly to the simulated vorticity field . Rather than extract the coherent portion of the image from the background variation , as in the classical signal-plus-noise model , we present a model for individual vortices using the non-decimated discrete wavelet transform . A template image , supplied by the user , provides the features to be extracted from the vorticity field . By transforming the vortex template into the wavelet domain , specific characteristics present in the template , such as size and symmetry , are broken down into components associated with spatial frequencies . Multivariate multiple linear regression is used to fit the vortex template to the vorticity field in the wavelet domain . Since all levels of the template decomposition may be used to model each level in the field decomposition , the resulting model need not be identical to the template . Application to a vortex census algorithm that records quantities of interest ( such as size , peak amplitude , circulation , etc . ) as the vorticity field evolves is given . The multiresolution census algorithm extracts coherent structures of all shapes and sizes in simulated vorticity fields and is able to reproduce known physical scaling laws when processing a set of voriticity fields that evolve over time .
