0708.0945	stat.AP	An iterative tomogravity algorithm for the estimation of network traffic	This paper introduces an iterative tomogravity algorithm for the estimation of a network traffic matrix based on one snapshot observation of the link loads in the network . The proposed method does not require complete observation of the total load on individual edge links or proper tuning of a penalty parameter as existing methods do . Numerical results are presented to demonstrate that the iterative tomogravity method controls the estimation error well when the link data is fully observed and produces robust results with moderate amount of missing link data .
0708.0959	stat.ME	A flexible Bayesian generalized linear model for dichotomous response data with an application to text categorization	We present a class of sparse generalized linear models that include probit and logistic regression as special cases and offer some extra flexibility . We provide an EM algorithm for learning the parameters of these models from data . We apply our method in text classification and in simulated data and show that our method outperforms the logistic and probit models and also the elastic net , in general by a substantial margin .
0708.0968	stat.ME	Estimating the proportion of differentially expressed genes in comparative DNA microarray experiments	DNA microarray experiments , a well-established experimental technique , aim at understanding the function of genes in some biological processes . One of the most common experiments in functional genomics research is to compare two groups of microarray data to determine which genes are differentially expressed . In this paper , we propose a methodology to estimate the proportion of differentially expressed genes in such experiments . We study the performance of our method in a simulation study where we compare it to other standard methods . Finally we compare the methods in real data from two toxicology experiments with mice .
0708.0974	stat.AP	A representative sampling plan for auditing health insurance claims	A stratified sampling plan to audit health insurance claims is offered . The stratification is by dollar amount of the claim . The plan is representative in the sense that with high probability for each stratum , the difference in the average dollar amount of the claim in the sample and the average dollar amount in the population , is `` small . '' Several notions of `` small '' are presented . The plan then yields a relatively small total sample size with the property that the overall average dollar amount in the sample is close to the average dollar amount in the population . Three different estimators and corresponding lower confidence bounds for over ( under ) payments are studied .
0708.0978	stat.ME	Empirical Bayes methods for controlling the false discovery rate with dependent data	False discovery rate ( FDR ) has been widely used as an error measure in large scale multiple testing problems , but most research in the area has been focused on procedures for controlling the FDR based on independent test statistics or the properties of such procedures for test statistics with certain types of stochastic dependence . Based on an approach proposed in Tang and Zhang ( 2005 ) , we further develop in this paper empirical Bayes methods for controlling the FDR with dependent data . We implement our methodology in a time series model and report the results of a simulation study to demonstrate the advantages of the empirical Bayes approach .
0708.0980	stat.ME	A smoothing model for sample disclosure risk estimation	When a sample frequency table is published , disclosure risk arises when some individuals can be identified on the basis of their values in certain attributes in the table called key variables , and then their values in other attributes may be inferred , and their privacy is violated . On the basis of the sample to be released , and possibly some partial knowledge of the whole population , an agency which considers releasing the sample , has to estimate the disclosure risk . Risk arises from non-empty sample cells which represent small population cells and from population uniques in particular . Therefore risk estimation requires assessing how many of the relevant population cells are likely to be small . Various methods have been proposed for this task , and we present a method in which estimation of a population cell frequency is based on smoothing using a local neighborhood of this cell , that is , cells having similar or close values in all attributes . We provide some preliminary results and experiments with this method . Comparisons are made to two other methods : 1. a log-linear models approach in which inference on a given cell is based on a `` neighborhood '' of cells determined by the log-linear model . Such neighborhoods have one or some common attributes with the cell in question , but some other attributes may differ significantly . 2 The Argus method in which inference on a given cell is based only on the sample frequency in the specific cell , on the sample design and on some known marginal distributions of the population , without learning from any type of `` neighborhood '' of the given cell , nor from any model which uses the structure of the table .
