0712.1943	stat.AP	Improving population-specific allele frequency estimates by adapting supplemental data : an empirical Bayes approach	Estimation of the allele frequency at genetic markers is a key ingredient in biological and biomedical research , such as studies of human genetic variation or of the genetic etiology of heritable traits . As genetic data becomes increasingly available , investigators face a dilemma : when should data from other studies and population subgroups be pooled with the primary data ? Pooling additional samples will generally reduce the variance of the frequency estimates ; however , used inappropriately , pooled estimates can be severely biased due to population stratification . Because of this potential bias , most investigators avoid pooling , even for samples with the same ethnic background and residing on the same continent . Here , we propose an empirical Bayes approach for estimating allele frequencies of single nucleotide polymorphisms . This procedure adaptively incorporates genotypes from related samples , so that more similar samples have a greater influence on the estimates . In every example we have considered , our estimator achieves a mean squared error ( MSE ) that is smaller than either pooling or not , and sometimes substantially improves over both extremes . The bias introduced is small , as is shown by a simulation study that is carefully matched to a real data example . Our method is particularly useful when small groups of individuals are genotyped at a large number of markers , a situation we are likely to encounter in a genome-wide association study .
0712.1962	stat.AP	The BARISTA : A model for bid arrivals in online auctions	The arrival process of bidders and bids in online auctions is important for studying and modeling supply and demand in the online marketplace . A popular assumption in the online auction literature is that a Poisson bidder arrival process is a reasonable approximation . This approximation underlies theoretical derivations , statistical models and simulations used in field studies . However , when it comes to the bid arrivals , empirical research has shown that the process is far from Poisson , with early bidding and last-moment bids taking place . An additional feature that has been reported by various authors is an apparent self-similarity in the bid arrival process . Despite the wide evidence for the changing bidding intensities and the self-similarity , there has been no rigorous attempt at developing a model that adequately approximates bid arrivals and accounts for these features . The goal of this paper is to introduce a family of distributions that well-approximate the bid time distribution in hard-close auctions . We call this the BARISTA process ( Bid ARrivals In STAges ) because of its ability to generate different intensities at different stages . We describe the properties of this model , show how to simulate bid arrivals from it , and how to use it for estimation and inference . We illustrate its power and usefulness by fitting simulated and real data from eBay.com . Finally , we show how a Poisson bidder arrival process relates to a BARISTA bid arrival process .
