0708.4318	stat.AP	Coupling hidden Markov models for the discovery of Cis-regulatory modules in multiple species	Cis-regulatory modules ( CRMs ) composed of multiple transcription factor binding sites ( TFBSs ) control gene expression in eukaryotic genomes . Comparative genomic studies have shown that these regulatory elements are more conserved across species due to evolutionary constraints . We propose a statistical method to combine module structure and cross-species orthology in de novo motif discovery . We use a hidden Markov model ( HMM ) to capture the module structure in each species and couple these HMMs through multiple-species alignment . Evolutionary models are incorporated to consider correlated structures among aligned sequence positions across different species . Based on our model , we develop a Markov chain Monte Carlo approach , MultiModule , to discover CRMs and their component motifs simultaneously in groups of orthologous sequences from multiple species . Our method is tested on both simulated and biological data sets in mammals and Drosophila , where significant improvement over other motif and module discovery methods is observed .
0708.4337	stat.AP	A statistical approach to simultaneous mapping and localization for mobile robots	Mobile robots require basic information to navigate through an environment : they need to know where they are ( localization ) and they need to know where they are going . For the latter , robots need a map of the environment . Using sensors of a variety of forms , robots gather information as they move through an environment in order to build a map . In this paper we present a novel sampling algorithm to solving the simultaneous mapping and localization ( SLAM ) problem in indoor environments . We approach the problem from a Bayesian statistics perspective . The data correspond to a set of range finder and odometer measurements , obtained at discrete time instants . We focus on the estimation of the posterior distribution over the space of possible maps given the data . By exploiting different factorizations of this distribution , we derive three sampling algorithms based on importance sampling . We illustrate the results of our approach by testing the algorithms with two real data sets obtained through robot navigation inside office buildings at Carnegie Mellon University and the Pontificia Universidad Catolica de Chile .
0708.4350	stat.AP	Random-set methods identify distinct aspects of the enrichment signal in gene-set analysis	A prespecified set of genes may be enriched , to varying degrees , for genes that have altered expression levels relative to two or more states of a cell . Knowing the enrichment of gene sets defined by functional categories , such as gene ontology ( GO ) annotations , is valuable for analyzing the biological signals in microarray expression data . A common approach to measuring enrichment is by cross-classifying genes according to membership in a functional category and membership on a selected list of significantly altered genes . A small Fisher 's exact test $ p $ -value , for example , in this $ 2\times2 $ table is indicative of enrichment . Other category analysis methods retain the quantitative gene-level scores and measure significance by referring a category-level statistic to a permutation distribution associated with the original differential expression problem . We describe a class of random-set scoring methods that measure distinct components of the enrichment signal . The class includes Fisher 's test based on selected genes and also tests that average gene-level evidence across the category . Averaging and selection methods are compared empirically using Affymetrix data on expression in nasopharyngeal cancer tissue , and theoretically using a location model of differential expression . We find that each method has a domain of superiority in the state space of enrichment problems , and that both methods have benefits in practice . Our analysis also addresses two problems related to multiple-category inference , namely , that equally enriched categories are not detected with equal probability if they are of different sizes , and also that there is dependence among category statistics owing to shared genes . Random-set enrichment calculations do not require Monte Carlo for implementation . They are made available in the R package allez .
0708.4358	stat.AP	Elevated soil lead : Statistical modeling and apportionment of contributions from lead-based paint and leaded gasoline	While it is widely accepted that lead-based paint and leaded gasoline are primary sources of elevated concentrations of lead in residential soils , conclusions regarding their relative contributions are mixed and generally study specific . We develop a novel nonlinear regression for soil lead concentrations over time . It is argued that this methodology provides useful insights into the partitioning of the average soil lead concentration by source and time over large residential areas . The methodology is used to investigate soil lead concentrations from the 1987 Minnesota Lead Study and the 1990 National Lead Survey . Potential litigation issues are discussed briefly .
