0710.4404	stat.AP	Attrition and Non-Response in Panel Data : The Case of the Canadian Survey of Labor and Income Dynamics	This paper provides an analysis of the effects of attrition and non-response on employment and wages using the Canadian Survey of Labour and Income Dynamics . We consider a structural model composed of three freely correlated equations for nonattrition/response , employment and wages . The model is estimated using microdata from 22,990 individuals who provided sufficient information in the first wave of the 1996-2001 panel . The main findings of the paper are that attrition is not random . Attritors and non-respondents likely are less attached to employment and come from low-income population . The correlation between non-attrition and employment is positive and statistically significant , though small . Also , wage estimates are biased upwards . Observed wages are on average higher than wages that would be observed if all the individuals initially selected in the panel remained in the sample .
0710.4459	stat.ME	Causality and Association : The Statistical and Legal Approaches	This paper discusses different needs and approaches to establishing `` causation '' that are relevant in legal cases involving statistical input based on epidemiological ( or more generally observational or population-based ) information . We distinguish between three versions of `` cause '' : the first involves negligence in providing or allowing exposure , the second involves `` cause '' as it is shown through a scientifically proved increased risk of an outcome from the exposure in a population , and the third considers `` cause '' as it might apply to an individual plaintiff based on the first two . The population-oriented `` cause '' is that commonly addressed by statisticians , and we propose a variation on the Bradford Hill approach to testing such causality in an observational framework , and discuss how such a systematic series of tests might be considered in a legal context . We review some current legal approaches to using probabilistic statements , and link these with the scientific methodology as developed here . In particular , we provide an approach both to the idea of individual outcomes being caused on a balance of probabilities , and to the idea of material contribution to such outcomes . Statistical terminology and legal usage of terms such as `` proof on the balance of probabilities '' or `` causation '' can easily become confused , largely due to similar language describing dissimilar concepts ; we conclude , however , that a careful analysis can identify and separate those areas in which a legal decision alone is required and those areas in which scientific approaches are useful .
0710.4536	stat.ME stat.AP stat.CO	Bayesian treed Gaussian process models with an application to computer modeling	Motivated by a computer experiment for the design of a rocket booster , this paper explores nonstationary modeling methodologies that couple stationary Gaussian processes with treed partitioning . Partitioning is a simple but effective method for dealing with nonstationarity . The methodological developments and statistical computing details which make this approach efficient are described in detail . In addition to providing an analysis of the rocket booster simulator , our approach is demonstrated to be effective in other arenas .
