0709.1616	stat.ME	Bandwidth Selection for Weighted Kernel Density Estimation	In the this paper , the authors propose to estimate the density of a targeted population with a weighted kernel density estimator ( wKDE ) based on a weighted sample . Bandwidth selection for wKDE is discussed . Three mean integrated squared error based bandwidth estimators are introduced and their performance is illustrated via Monte Carlo simulation . The least-squares cross-validation method and the adaptive weight kernel density estimator are also studied . The authors also consider the boundary problem for interval bounded data and apply the new method to a real data set subject to informative censoring .
0709.1640	stat.AP	Estimation of Missing Data Using Computational Intelligence and Decision Trees	This paper introduces a novel paradigm to impute missing data that combines a decision tree with an auto-associative neural network ( AANN ) based model and a principal component analysis-neural network ( PCA-NN ) based model . For each model , the decision tree is used to predict search bounds for a genetic algorithm that minimize an error function derived from the respective model . The models ' ability to impute missing data is tested and compared using HIV sero-prevalance data . Results indicate an average increase in accuracy of 13 % with the AANN based model 's average accuracy increasing from 75.8 % to 86.3 % while that of the PCA-NN based model increasing from 66.1 % to 81.6 % .
0709.1721	stat.CO	Parallel marginalization Monte Carlo with applications to conditional path sampling	Monte Carlo sampling methods often suffer from long correlation times . Consequently , these methods must be run for many steps to generate an independent sample . In this paper a method is proposed to overcome this difficulty . The method utilizes information from rapidly equilibrating coarse Markov chains that sample marginal distributions of the full system . This is accomplished through exchanges between the full chain and the auxiliary coarse chains . Results of numerical tests on the bridge sampling and filtering/smoothing problems for a stochastic differential equation are presented .
