0712.4166	stat.CO stat.ME	Simulation of the matrix Bingham-von Mises-Fisher distribution , with applications to multivariate and relational data	Orthonormal matrices play an important role in reduced-rank matrix approximations and the analysis of matrix-valued data . A matrix Bingham-von Mises-Fisher distribution is a probability distribution on the set of orthonormal matrices that includes linear and quadratic terms , and arises as a posterior distribution in latent factor models for multivariate and relational data . This article describes rejection and Gibbs sampling algorithms for sampling from this family of distributions , and illustrates their use in the analysis of a protein-protein interaction network .
0712.4273	stat.CO cs.LG	Online EM Algorithm for Latent Data Models	In this contribution , we propose a generic online ( also sometimes called adaptive or recursive ) version of the Expectation-Maximisation ( EM ) algorithm applicable to latent variable models of independent observations . Compared to the algorithm of Titterington ( 1984 ) , this approach is more directly connected to the usual EM algorithm and does not rely on integration with respect to the complete data distribution . The resulting algorithm is usually simpler and is shown to achieve convergence to the stationary points of the Kullback-Leibler divergence between the marginal distribution of the observation and the model distribution at the optimal rate , i.e. , that of the maximum likelihood estimator . In addition , the proposed approach is also suitable for conditional ( or regression ) models , as illustrated in the case of the mixture of linear regressions model .
0712.4290	stat.ME cond-mat.stat-mech nlin.AO physics.bio-ph physics.data-an q-bio.MN stat.AP	Updating Probabilities : A Complex Agent Based Example	It has been shown that one can accommodate data ( Bayes ) and constraints ( MaxEnt ) in one method , the method of Maximum ( relative ) Entropy ( ME ) ( Giffin 2007 ) . In this paper we show a complex agent based example of inference with two different forms of information ; moments and data . In this example , several agents each receive partial information about a system in the form of data . In addition , each agent agrees or is informed that there are certain global constraints on the system that are always true . The agents are then asked to make inferences about the entire system . The system becomes more complex as we add agents and allow them to share information . This system can have a geometrical form , such as a crystal structure . The shape may dictate how the agents are able to share information , such as sharing with nearest neighbors . This method can be used to model many systems where the agents or cells have local or partial information but must adhere to some global rules . This could also illustrate how the agents evolve and could illuminate emergent behavior of the system .
