0708.3961	stat.ME	Chess , Chance and Conspiracy	Chess and chance are seemingly strange bedfellows . Luck and/or randomness have no apparent role in move selection when the game is played at the highest levels . However , when competition is at the ultimate level , that of the World Chess Championship ( WCC ) , chess and conspiracy are not strange bedfellows , there being a long and colorful history of accusations levied between participants . One such accusation , frequently repeated , was that all the games in the 1985 WCC ( Karpov vs Kasparov ) were fixed and prearranged move by move . That this claim was advanced by a former World Champion , Bobby Fischer , argues that it ought be investigated . That the only published , concrete basis for this claim consists of an observed run of particular moves , allows this investigation to be performed using probabilistic and statistical methods . In particular , we employ imbedded finite Markov chains to evaluate run statistic distributions . Further , we demonstrate how both chess computers and game data bases can be brought to bear on the problem .
0708.3965	stat.ME	Maty 's Biography of Abraham De Moivre , Translated , Annotated and Augmented	November 27 , 2004 , marked the 250th anniversary of the death of Abraham De Moivre , best known in statistical circles for his famous large-sample approximation to the binomial distribution , whose generalization is now referred to as the Central Limit Theorem . De Moivre was one of the great pioneers of classical probability theory . He also made seminal contributions in analytic geometry , complex analysis and the theory of annuities . The first biography of De Moivre , on which almost all subsequent ones have since relied , was written in French by Matthew Maty . It was published in 1755 in the Journal britannique . The authors provide here , for the first time , a complete translation into English of Maty 's biography of De Moivre . New material , much of it taken from modern sources , is given in footnotes , along with numerous annotations designed to provide additional clarity to Maty 's biography for contemporary readers .
0708.3974	stat.ME	A Conversation with Robert V. Hogg	Robert Vincent Hogg was born on November 8 , 1924 in Hannibal , Missouri . He earned a Ph.D. in statistics at the University of Iowa in 1950 , where his advisor was Allen Craig . Following graduation , he joined the mathematics faculty at the University of Iowa . He was the founding Chair when the Department of Statistics was created at Iowa in 1965 and he served in that capacity for 19 years . At Iowa he also served as Chair of the Quality Management and Productivity Program and the Hanson Chair of Manufacturing Productivity . He became Professor Emeritus in 2001 after 51 years on the Iowa faculty . He is a Fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and the American Statistical Association plus an Elected Member of the International Statistical Institute . He was President of the American Statistical Association ( 1988 ) and chaired two of its winter conferences ( 1992 , 1994 ) . He received the ASA 's Founder 's Award ( 1991 ) and the Gottfried Noether Award ( 2001 ) for contributions to nonparametric statistics . His publications through 1996 are described in Communications in Statistics -- Theory and Methods ( 1996 ) , 2467 -- 2481 . This interview was conducted on April 14 , 2004 at the Department of Statistics , University of Florida , Gainesville , Florida , and revised in the summer of 2006 .
