0707.0823	stat.AP math.DS	A Statistical Theory for the Analysis of Uncertain Systems	This paper addresses the issues of conservativeness and computational complexity of probabilistic robustness analysis . We solve both issues by defining a new sampling strategy and robustness measure . The new measure is shown to be much less conservative than the existing one . The new sampling strategy enables the definition of efficient hierarchical sample reuse algorithms that reduce significantly the computational complexity and make it independent of the dimension of the uncertainty space . Moreover , we show that there exists a one to one correspondence between the new and the existing robustness measures and provide a computationally simple algorithm to derive one from the other .
0707.0828	stat.AP math.ST stat.TH	Probabilistic Robustness Analysis -- Risks , Complexity and Algorithms	It is becoming increasingly apparent that probabilistic approaches can overcome conservatism and computational complexity of the classical worst-case deterministic framework and may lead to designs that are actually safer . In this paper we argue that a comprehensive probabilistic robustness analysis requires a detailed evaluation of the robustness function and we show that such evaluation can be performed with essentially any desired accuracy and confidence using algorithms with complexity linear in the dimension of the uncertainty space . Moreover , we show that the average memory requirements of such algorithms are absolutely bounded and well within the capabilities of today 's computers . In addition to efficiency , our approach permits control over statistical sampling error and the error due to discretization of the uncertainty radius . For a specific level of tolerance of the discretization error , our techniques provide an efficiency improvement upon conventional methods which is inversely proportional to the accuracy level ; i.e. , our algorithms get better as the demands for accuracy increase .
