0706.3985	stat.ME stat.AP stat.CO	Distributions associated with general runs and patterns in hidden Markov models	This paper gives a method for computing distributions associated with patterns in the state sequence of a hidden Markov model , conditional on observing all or part of the observation sequence . Probabilities are computed for very general classes of patterns ( competing patterns and generalized later patterns ) , and thus , the theory includes as special cases results for a large class of problems that have wide application . The unobserved state sequence is assumed to be Markovian with a general order of dependence . An auxiliary Markov chain is associated with the state sequence and is used to simplify the computations . Two examples are given to illustrate the use of the methodology . Whereas the first application is more to illustrate the basic steps in applying the theory , the second is a more detailed application to DNA sequences , and shows that the methods can be adapted to include restrictions related to biological knowledge .
0706.4108	stat.ME astro-ph stat.AP	Event Weighted Tests for Detecting Periodicity in Photon Arrival Times	This paper treats the problem of detecting periodicity in a sequence of photon arrival times , which occurs , for example , in attempting to detect gamma-ray pulsars . A particular focus is on how auxiliary information , typically source intensity , background intensity , and incidence angles and energies associated with each photon arrival should be used to maximize the detection power . We construct a class of likelihood-based tests , score tests , which give rise to event weighting in a principled and natural way , and derive expressions quantifying the power of the tests . These results can be used to compare the efficacies of different weight functions , including cuts in energy and incidence angle . The test is targeted toward a template for the periodic lightcurve , and we quantify how deviation from that template affects the power of detection .
