0707.0462	stat.AP	M-estimation of Boolean models for particle flow experiments	Probability models are proposed for passage time data collected in experiments with a device designed to measure particle flow during aerial application of fertilizer . Maximum likelihood estimation of flow intensity is reviewed for the simple linear Boolean model , which arises with the assumption that each particle requires the same known passage time . M-estimation is developed for a generalization of the model in which passage times behave as a random sample from a distribution with a known mean . The generalized model improves fit in these experiments . An estimator of total particle flow is constructed by conditioning on lengths of multi-particle clumps .
0707.0481	stat.ME	Treelets -- An adaptive multi-scale basis for sparse unordered data	In many modern applications , including analysis of gene expression and text documents , the data are noisy , high-dimensional , and unordered -- with no particular meaning to the given order of the variables . Yet , successful learning is often possible due to sparsity : the fact that the data are typically redundant with underlying structures that can be represented by only a few features . In this paper we present treelets -- a novel construction of multi-scale bases that extends wavelets to nonsmooth signals . The method is fully adaptive , as it returns a hierarchical tree and an orthonormal basis which both reflect the internal structure of the data . Treelets are especially well-suited as a dimensionality reduction and feature selection tool prior to regression and classification , in situations where sample sizes are small and the data are sparse with unknown groupings of correlated or collinear variables . The method is also simple to implement and analyze theoretically . Here we describe a variety of situations where treelets perform better than principal component analysis , as well as some common variable selection and cluster averaging schemes . We illustrate treelets on a blocked covariance model and on several data sets ( hyperspectral image data , DNA microarray data , and internet advertisements ) with highly complex dependencies between variables .
