0710.5268	stat.AP	How to evaluate the calibration of a disease risk prediction tool	To evaluate the calibration of a disease risk prediction tool , the quantity $ E/O $ , i.e. , the ratio of the expected number of events to the observed number of events , is generally computed . However , because of censoring , or more precisely because of individuals who drop out before the termination of the study , this quantity is generally unavailable for the complete population study and an alternative estimate has to be computed . In this paper , we present and compare four methods to do this . We show that two of the most commonly used methods generally lead to biased estimates . Our arguments are first based on some theoretic considerations . Then , we perform a simulation study to highlight the magnitude of the previously mentioned biases . As a concluding example , we evaluate the calibration of an existing predictive model for breast cancer on the E3N-EPIC cohort .
0710.5343	stat.ME stat.CO	A geometric approach to maximum likelihood estimation of the functional principal components from sparse longitudinal data	In this paper , we consider the problem of estimating the eigenvalues and eigenfunctions of the covariance kernel ( i.e. , the functional principal components ) from sparse and irregularly observed longitudinal data . We approach this problem through a maximum likelihood method assuming that the covariance kernel is smooth and finite dimensional . We exploit the smoothness of the eigenfunctions to reduce dimensionality by restricting them to a lower dimensional space of smooth functions . The estimation scheme is developed based on a Newton-Raphson procedure using the fact that the basis coefficients representing the eigenfunctions lie on a Stiefel manifold . We also address the selection of the right number of basis functions , as well as that of the dimension of the covariance kernel by a second order approximation to the leave-one-curve-out cross-validation score that is computationally very efficient . The effectiveness of our procedure is demonstrated by simulation studies and an application to a CD4 counts data set . In the simulation studies , our method performs well on both estimation and model selection . It also outperforms two existing approaches : one based on a local polynomial smoothing of the empirical covariances , and another using an EM algorithm .
0710.5442	stat.ME	Parameter Estimation for Partially Observed Hypoelliptic Diffusions	Hypoelliptic diffusion processes can be used to model a variety of phenomena in applications ranging from molecular dynamics to audio signal analysis . We study parameter estimation for such processes in situations where we observe some components of the solution at discrete times . Since exact likelihoods for the transition densities are typically not known , approximations are used that are expected to work well in the limit of small inter-sample times $ \Delta t $ and large total observation times $ N\Delta t $ . Hypoellipticity together with partial observation leads to ill-conditioning requiring a judicious combination of approximate likelihoods for the various parameters to be estimated . We combine these in a deterministic scan Gibbs sampler alternating between missing data in the unobserved solution components , and parameters . Numerical experiments illustrate asymptotic consistency of the method when applied to simulated data . The paper concludes with application of the Gibbs sampler to molecular dynamics data .
