0712.1663	stat.ME stat.AP	Efficient blind search : Optimal power of detection under computational cost constraints	Some astronomy projects require a blind search through a vast number of hypotheses to detect objects of interest . The number of hypotheses to test can be in the billions . A naive blind search over every single hypothesis would be far too costly computationally . We propose a hierarchical scheme for blind search , using various `` resolution '' levels . At lower resolution levels , '' regions '' of interest in the search space are singled out with a low computational cost . These regions are refined at intermediate resolution levels and only the most promising candidates are finally tested at the original fine resolution . The optimal search strategy is found by dynamic programming . We demonstrate the procedure for pulsar search from satellite gamma-ray observations and show that the power of the naive blind search can almost be matched with the hierarchical scheme while reducing the computational burden by more than three orders of magnitude .
0712.1692	stat.ME	Approximating Data with weighted smoothing Splines	Given a data set ( t_i , y_i ) , i=1 , ... , n with the t_i in [ 0,1 ] non-parametric regression is concerned with the problem of specifying a suitable function f_n : [ 0,1 ] - > R such that the data can be reasonably approximated by the points ( t_i , f_n ( t_i ) ) , i=1 , ... , n. If a data set exhibits large variations in local behaviour , for example large peaks as in spectroscopy data , then the method must be able to adapt to the local changes in smoothness . Whilst many methods are able to accomplish this they are less successful at adapting derivatives . In this paper we show how the goal of local adaptivity of the function and its first and second derivatives can be attained in a simple manner using weighted smoothing splines . A residual based concept of approximation is used which forces local adaptivity of the regression function together with a global regularization which makes the function as smooth as possible subject to the approximation constraints .
0712.1698	stat.ML math.ST stat.TH	PAC-Bayesian Bounds for Randomized Empirical Risk Minimizers	The aim of this paper is to generalize the PAC-Bayesian theorems proved by Catoni in the classification setting to more general problems of statistical inference . We show how to control the deviations of the risk of randomized estimators . A particular attention is paid to randomized estimators drawn in a small neighborhood of classical estimators , whose study leads to control the risk of the latter . These results allow to bound the risk of very general estimation procedures , as well as to perform model selection .
