0712.2657	stat.ME	Analysis of nonlinear modes of variation for functional data	A set of curves or images of similar shape is an increasingly common functional data set collected in the sciences . Principal Component Analysis ( PCA ) is the most widely used technique to decompose variation in functional data . However , the linear modes of variation found by PCA are not always interpretable by the experimenters . In addition , the modes of variation of interest to the experimenter are not always linear . We present in this paper a new analysis of variance for Functional Data . Our method was motivated by decomposing the variation in the data into predetermined and interpretable directions ( i.e . modes ) of interest . Since some of these modes could be nonlinear , we develop a new defined ratio of sums of squares which takes into account the curvature of the space of variation . We discuss , in the general case , consistency of our estimates of variation , using mathematical tools from differential geometry and shape statistics . We successfully applied our method to a motivating example of biological data . This decomposition allows biologists to compare the prevalence of different genetic tradeoffs in a population and to quantify the effect of selection on evolution .
0712.2708	stat.AP stat.ME	The Banff Challenge : Statistical Detection of a Noisy Signal	Particle physics experiments such as those run in the Large Hadron Collider result in huge quantities of data , which are boiled down to a few numbers from which it is hoped that a signal will be detected . We discuss a simple probability model for this and derive frequentist and noninformative Bayesian procedures for inference about the signal . Both are highly accurate in realistic cases , with the frequentist procedure having the edge for interval estimation , and the Bayesian procedure yielding slightly better point estimates . We also argue that the significance , or $ p $ -value , function based on the modified likelihood root provides a comprehensive presentation of the information in the data and should be used for inference .
