0711.0164	stat.CO math.ST stat.TH	A note on convergence of the equi-energy sampler	In a recent paper `The equi-energy sampler with applications statistical inference and statistical mechanics ' [ Ann . Stat . 34 ( 2006 ) 1581 -- 1619 ] , Kou , Zhou & Wong have presented a new stochastic simulation method called the equi-energy ( EE ) sampler . This technique is designed to simulate from a probability measure $ \pi $ , perhaps only known up to a normalizing constant . The authors demonstrate that the sampler performs well in quite challenging problems but their convergence results ( Theorem 2 ) appear incomplete . This was pointed out , in the discussion of the paper , by Atchad\'e & Liu ( 2006 ) who proposed an alternative convergence proof . However , this alternative proof , whilst theoretically correct , does not correspond to the algorithm that is implemented . In this note we provide a new proof of convergence of the equi-energy sampler based on the Poisson equation and on the theory developed in Andrieu et al . ( 2007 ) for \emph { Non-Linear } Markov chain Monte Carlo ( MCMC ) . The objective of this note is to provide a proof of correctness of the EE sampler when there is only one feeding chain ; the general case requires a much more technical approach than is suitable for a short note . In addition , we also seek to highlight the difficulties associated with the analysis of this type of algorithm and present the main techniques that may be adopted to prove the convergence of it .
0711.0186	stat.CO	Population-Based Reversible Jump Markov Chain Monte Carlo	In this paper we present an extension of population-based Markov chain Monte Carlo ( MCMC ) to the trans-dimensional case . One of the main challenges in MCMC-based inference is that of simulating from high and trans-dimensional target measures . In such cases , MCMC methods may not adequately traverse the support of the target ; the simulation results will be unreliable . We develop population methods to deal with such problems , and give a result proving the uniform ergodicity of these population algorithms , under mild assumptions . This result is used to demonstrate the superiority , in terms of convergence rate , of a population transition kernel over a reversible jump sampler for a Bayesian variable selection problem . We also give an example of a population algorithm for a Bayesian multivariate mixture model with an unknown number of components . This is applied to gene expression data of 1000 data points in six dimensions and it is demonstrated that our algorithm out performs some competing Markov chain samplers .
0711.0198	stat.ME math.ST stat.TH	A Geometric Approach to Confidence Sets for Ratios : Fieller 's Theorem , Generalizations , and Bootstrap	We present a geometric method to determine confidence sets for the ratio E ( Y ) /E ( X ) of the means of random variables X and Y . This method reduces the problem of constructing confidence sets for the ratio of two random variables to the problem of constructing confidence sets for the means of one-dimensional random variables . It is valid in a large variety of circumstances . In the case of normally distributed random variables , the so constructed confidence sets coincide with the standard Fieller confidence sets . Generalizations of our construction lead to definitions of exact and conservative confidence sets for very general classes of distributions , provided the joint expectation of ( X , Y ) exists and the linear combinations of the form aX + bY are well-behaved . Finally , our geometric method allows to derive a very simple bootstrap approach for constructing conservative confidence sets for ratios which perform favorably in certain situations , in particular in the asymmetric heavy-tailed regime .
