0712.2115	stat.AP	A statistical framework for the analysis of microarray probe-level data	In microarray technology , a number of critical steps are required to convert the raw measurements into the data relied upon by biologists and clinicians . These data manipulations , referred to as preprocessing , influence the quality of the ultimate measurements and studies that rely upon them . Standard operating procedure for microarray researchers is to use preprocessed data as the starting point for the statistical analyses that produce reported results . This has prevented many researchers from carefully considering their choice of preprocessing methodology . Furthermore , the fact that the preprocessing step affects the stochastic properties of the final statistical summaries is often ignored . In this paper we propose a statistical framework that permits the integration of preprocessing into the standard statistical analysis flow of microarray data . This general framework is relevant in many microarray platforms and motivates targeted analysis methods for specific applications . We demonstrate its usefulness by applying the idea in three different applications of the technology .
0712.2124	stat.AP	Describing disability through individual-level mixture models for multivariate binary data	Data on functional disability are of widespread policy interest in the United States , especially with respect to planning for Medicare and Social Security for a growing population of elderly adults . We consider an extract of functional disability data from the National Long Term Care Survey ( NLTCS ) and attempt to develop disability profiles using variations of the Grade of Membership ( GoM ) model . We first describe GoM as an individual-level mixture model that allows individuals to have partial membership in several mixture components simultaneously . We then prove the equivalence between individual-level and population-level mixture models , and use this property to develop a Markov Chain Monte Carlo algorithm for Bayesian estimation of the model . We use our approach to analyze functional disability data from the NLTCS .
0712.2130	stat.AP	Diverse correlation structures in gene expression data and their utility in improving statistical inference	It is well known that correlations in microarray data represent a serious nuisance deteriorating the performance of gene selection procedures . This paper is intended to demonstrate that the correlation structure of microarray data provides a rich source of useful information . We discuss distinct correlation substructures revealed in microarray gene expression data by an appropriate ordering of genes . These substructures include stochastic proportionality of expression signals in a large percentage of all gene pairs , negative correlations hidden in ordered gene triples , and a long sequence of weakly dependent random variables associated with ordered pairs of genes . The reported striking regularities are of general biological interest and they also have far-reaching implications for theory and practice of statistical methods of microarray data analysis . We illustrate the latter point with a method for testing differential expression of nonoverlapping gene pairs . While designed for testing a different null hypothesis , this method provides an order of magnitude more accurate control of type 1 error rate compared to conventional methods of individual gene expression profiling . In addition , this method is robust to the technical noise . Quantitative inference of the correlation structure has the potential to extend the analysis of microarray data far beyond currently practiced methods .
0712.2150	stat.AP	Chemical and forensic analysis of JFK assassination bullet lots : Is a second shooter possible ?	The assassination of President John Fitzgerald Kennedy ( JFK ) traumatized the nation . In this paper we show that evidence used to rule out a second assassin is fundamentally flawed . This paper discusses new compositional analyses of bullets reportedly to have been derived from the same batch as those used in the assassination . The new analyses show that the bullet fragments involved in the assassination are not nearly as rare as previously reported . In particular , the new test results are compared to key bullet composition testimony presented before the House Select Committee on Assassinations ( HSCA ) . Matches of bullets within the same box of bullets are shown to be much more likely than indicated in the House Select Committee on Assassinations ' testimony . Additionally , we show that one of the ten test bullets is considered a match to one or more assassination fragments . This finding means that the bullet fragments from the assassination that match could have come from three or more separate bullets . Finally , this paper presents a case for reanalyzing the assassination bullet fragments and conducting the necessary supporting scientific studies . These analyses will shed light on whether the five bullet fragments constitute three or more separate bullets . If the assassination fragments are derived from three or more separate bullets , then a second assassin is likely , as the additional bullet would not easily be attributable to the main suspect , Mr. Oswald , under widely accepted shooting scenarios [ see Posner ( 1993 ) , Case Closed , Bantam , New York ] .
