0709.3860	stat.ME	Estimating copula measure using ranks and subsampling : a simulation study	We describe here a new method to estimate copula measure . From N observations of two variables X and Y , we draw a huge number m of subsamples ( size n < N ) , and we compute the joint ranks in these subsamples . Then , for each bivariate rank ( p , q ) ( 0 < p , q < n+1 ) , we count the number of subsamples such that there exist an observation of the subsample with bivariate rank ( p , q ) . This counting gives an estimate of the density of the copula . The simulation study shows that this method seems to gives a better than the usual kernel method . The main advantage of this new method is then we do not need to choose and justify the kernel . In exchange , we have to choose a subsample size : this is in fact a problem very similar to the bandwidth choice . We have then reduced the overall difficulty .
0709.3906	stat.ME stat.CO	Fast stable direct fitting and smoothness selection for Generalized Additive Models	Existing computationally efficient methods for penalized likelihood GAM fitting employ iterative smoothness selection on working linear models ( or working mixed models ) . Such schemes fail to converge for a non-negligible proportion of models , with failure being particularly frequent in the presence of concurvity . If smoothness selection is performed by optimizing `whole model' criteria these problems disappear , but until now attempts to do this have employed finite difference based optimization schemes which are computationally inefficient , and can suffer from false convergence . This paper develops the first computationally efficient method for direct GAM smoothness selection . It is highly stable , but by careful structuring achieves a computational efficiency that leads , in simulations , to lower mean computation times than the schemes based on working-model smoothness selection . The method also offers a reliable way of fitting generalized additive mixed models .
