0711.4883	stat.AP	Comparison of Spline with Kriging in an Epidemiological Problem	There are various methods to analyze different kinds of data sets . Spatial data is defined when data is dependent on each other based on their respective locations . Spline and Kriging are two methods for interpolating and predicting spatial data . Under certain conditions , these methods are equivalent , but in practice they show different behaviors . Amount of data can be observed only at some positions that are chosen as positions of sample points , therefore , prediction of data values in other positions is important . In this paper , the link between Spline and Kriging methods is described , then for an epidemiological two dimensional real data set , data is observed in geological longitude and in latitude dimensions , and behavior of these methods are investigated . Comparison of these performances show that for this data set , Kriging method has a better performance than Spline method .
0711.4983	stat.ML stat.ME	A Method for Compressing Parameters in Bayesian Models with Application to Logistic Sequence Prediction Models	Bayesian classification and regression with high order interactions is largely infeasible because Markov chain Monte Carlo ( MCMC ) would need to be applied with a great many parameters , whose number increases rapidly with the order . In this paper we show how to make it feasible by effectively reducing the number of parameters , exploiting the fact that many interactions have the same values for all training cases . Our method uses a single `` compressed '' parameter to represent the sum of all parameters associated with a set of patterns that have the same value for all training cases . Using symmetric stable distributions as the priors of the original parameters , we can easily find the priors of these compressed parameters . We therefore need to deal only with a much smaller number of compressed parameters when training the model with MCMC . The number of compressed parameters may have converged before considering the highest possible order . After training the model , we can split these compressed parameters into the original ones as needed to make predictions for test cases . We show in detail how to compress parameters for logistic sequence prediction models . Experiments on both simulated and real data demonstrate that a huge number of parameters can indeed be reduced by our compression method .
