0711.2345	stat.ME math.ST stat.TH	Models for dependent extremes using stable mixtures	This paper unifies and extends results on a class of multivariate Extreme Value ( EV ) models studied by Hougaard , Crowder , and Tawn . In these models both unconditional and conditional distributions are EV , and all lower-dimensional marginals and maxima belong to the class . This leads to substantial economies of understanding , analysis and prediction . One interpretation of the models is as size mixtures of EV distributions , where the mixing is by positive stable distributions . A second interpretation is as exponential-stable location mixtures ( for Gumbel ) or as power-stable scale mixtures ( for non-Gumbel EV distributions ) . A third interpretation is through a Peaks over Thresholds model with a positive stable intensity . The mixing variables are used as a modeling tool and for better understanding and model checking . We study extreme value analogues of components of variance models , and new time series , spatial , and continuous parameter models for extreme values . The results are applied to data from a pitting corrosion investigation .
0711.2349	stat.ME	Robust model selection in generalized linear models	In this paper , we extend to generalized linear models ( including logistic and other binary regression models , Poisson regression and gamma regression models ) the robust model selection methodology developed by Mueller and Welsh ( 2005 ; JASA ) for linear regression models . As in Mueller and Welsh ( 2005 ) , we combine a robust penalized measure of fit to the sample with a robust measure of out of sample predictive ability which is estimated using a post-stratified m-out-of-n bootstrap . A key idea is that the method can be used to compare different estimators ( robust and nonrobust ) as well as different models . Even when specialized back to linear regression models , the methodology presented in this paper improves on that of Mueller and Welsh ( 2005 ) . In particular , we use a new bias-adjusted bootstrap estimator which avoids the need to centre the explanatory variables and to include an intercept in every model . We also use more sophisticated arguments than Mueller and Welsh ( 2005 ) to establish an essential monotonicity condition .
0711.2434	stat.ML	Variable importance in binary regression trees and forests	We characterize and study variable importance ( VIMP ) and pairwise variable associations in binary regression trees . A key component involves the node mean squared error for a quantity we refer to as a maximal subtree . The theory naturally extends from single trees to ensembles of trees and applies to methods like random forests . This is useful because while importance values from random forests are used to screen variables , for example they are used to filter high throughput genomic data in Bioinformatics , very little theory exists about their properties .
