0710.4171	stat.AP	Interference Cancelation in Coherent CDMA Systems Using Parallel Iterative Algorithms	Least mean square-partial parallel interference cancelation ( LMS-PPIC ) is a partial interference cancelation using adaptive multistage structure in which the normalized least mean square ( NLMS ) adaptive algorithm is engaged to obtain the cancelation weights . The performance of the NLMS algorithm is mostly dependent to its step-size . A fixed and non-optimized step-size causes the propagation of error from one stage to the next one . When all user channels are balanced , the unit magnitude is the principal property of the cancelation weight elements . Based on this fact and using a set of NLMS algorithms with different step-sizes , the parallel LMS-PPIC ( PLMS-PPIC ) method is proposed . In each iteration of the algorithm , the parameter estimate of the NLMS algorithm is chosen to match the elements ' magnitudes of the cancelation weight estimate with unity . Simulation results are given to compare the performance of our method with the LMS-PPIC algorithm in three cases : balanced channel , unbalanced channel and time varying channel .
0710.4172	stat.AP	Interference Cancelation in Non-coherent CDMA Systems Using Parallel Iterative Algorithms	Parallel least mean square-partial parallel interference cancelation ( PLMS-PPIC ) is a partial interference cancelation which employs adaptive multistage structure . In this algorithm the channel phases for all users are assumed to be known . Having only their quarters in ( 0,2\pi ) , a modified version of PLMS-PPIC is proposed in this paper to simultaneously estimate the channel phases and the cancelation weights . Simulation examples are given in the cases of balanced , unbalanced and time varying channels to show the performance of the modified PLMS-PPIC method .
0710.4173	stat.AP	Full MIMO Channel Estimation Using A Simple Adaptive Partial Feedback Method	Partial feedback in multiple-input multiple-output ( MIMO ) communication systems provides tremendous capacity gain and enables the transmitter to exploit channel condition and to eliminate channel interference . In the case of severely limited feedback , constructing a quantized partial feedback is an important issue . To reduce the computational complexity of the feedback system , in this paper we introduce an adaptive partial method in which at the transmitter , an easy to implement least square adaptive algorithm is engaged to compute the channel state information . In this scheme at the receiver , the time varying step-size is replied to the transmitter via a reliable feedback channel . The transmitter iteratively employs this feedback information to estimate the channel weights . This method is independent of the employed space-time coding schemes and gives all channel components . Simulation examples are given to evaluate the performance of the proposed method .
