0709.3377	stat.ME	Algebraic causality : Bayes nets and beyond	The relationship between algebraic geometry and the inferential framework of the Bayesian Networks with hidden variables has now been fruitfully explored and exploited by a number of authors . More recently the algebraic formulation of Causal Bayesian Networks has also been investigated in this context . After reviewing these newer relationships , we proceed to demonstrate that many of the ideas embodied in the concept of a `` causal model '' can be more generally expressed directly in terms of a partial order and a family of polynomial maps . The more conventional graphical constructions , when available , remain a powerful tool .
0709.3380	stat.ME	The causal manipulation of chain event graphs	Discrete Bayesian Networks have been very successful as a framework both for inference and for expressing certain causal hypotheses . In this paper we present a class of graphical models called the chain event graph ( CEG ) models , that generalises the class of discrete BN models . It provides a flexible and expressive framework for representing and analysing the implications of causal hypotheses , expressed in terms of the effects of a manipulation of the generating underlying system . We prove that , as for a BN , identifiability analyses of causal effects can be performed through examining the topology of the CEG graph , leading to theorems analogous to the back-door theorem for the BN .
0709.3535	stat.ME math.ST stat.TH	Maximum Likelihood Estimation in Latent Class Models For Contingency Table Data	Statistical models with latent structure have a history going back to the 1950s and have seen widespread use in the social sciences and , more recently , in computational biology and in machine learning . Here we study the basic latent class model proposed originally by the sociologist Paul F. Lazarfeld for categorical variables , and we explain its geometric structure . We draw parallels between the statistical and geometric properties of latent class models and we illustrate geometrically the causes of many problems associated with maximum likelihood estimation and related statistical inference . In particular , we focus on issues of non-identifiability and determination of the model dimension , of maximization of the likelihood function and on the effect of symmetric data . We illustrate these phenomena with a variety of synthetic and real-life tables , of different dimension and complexity . Much of the motivation for this work stems from the `` 100 Swiss Francs '' problem , which we introduce and describe in detail .
0709.3545	stat.ME	Locally Adaptive Nonparametric Binary Regression	A nonparametric and locally adaptive Bayesian estimator is proposed for estimating a binary regression . Flexibility is obtained by modeling the binary regression as a mixture of probit regressions with the argument of each probit regression having a thin plate spline prior with its own smoothing parameter and with the mixture weights depending on the covariates . The estimator is compared to a single spline estimator and to a recently proposed locally adaptive estimator . The methodology is illustrated by applying it to both simulated and real examples .
