0709.0111	stat.ME	A new method for the estimation of variance matrix with prescribed zeros in nonlinear mixed effects models	We propose a new method for the Maximum Likelihood Estimator ( MLE ) of nonlinear mixed effects models when the variance matrix of Gaussian random effects has a prescribed pattern of zeros ( PPZ ) . The method consists in coupling the recently developed Iterative Conditional Fitting ( ICF ) algorithm with the Expectation Maximization ( EM ) algorithm . It provides positive definite estimates for any sample size , and does not rely on any structural assumption on the PPZ . It can be easily adapted to many versions of EM .
0709.0139	stat.ME stat.AP	Non-Regular Likelihood Inference for Seasonally Persistent Processes	The estimation of parameters in the frequency spectrum of a seasonally persistent stationary stochastic process is addressed . For seasonal persistence associated with a pole in the spectrum located away from frequency zero , a new Whittle-type likelihood is developed that explicitly acknowledges the location of the pole . This Whittle likelihood is a large sample approximation to the distribution of the periodogram over a chosen grid of frequencies , and constitutes an approximation to the time-domain likelihood of the data , via the linear transformation of an inverse discrete Fourier transform combined with a demodulation . The new likelihood is straightforward to compute , and as will be demonstrated has good , yet non-standard , properties . The asymptotic behaviour of the proposed likelihood estimators is studied ; in particular , $ N $ -consistency of the estimator of the spectral pole location is established . Large finite sample and asymptotic distributions of the score and observed Fisher information are given , and the corresponding distributions of the maximum likelihood estimators are deduced . A study of the small sample properties of the likelihood approximation is provided , and its superior performance to previously suggested methods is shown , as well as agreement with the developed distributional approximations .
